requirements. These isolated instances did not have a material impact on our business during the first quarter of 2025. As a result of the escalation in tariffs, import restrictions, and retaliatory measures between major economies, we may experience tariff-related inflation in raw materials costs as well as supply shortages as companies seek alternative sources of supply of critical materials and navigate adjustments in logistics and transportation routes.
Elevated interest rates have made access to credit more difficult, and the ability of certain suppliers to fund investments in capacity and infrastructure as well as any insolvency of certain suppliers, including sole- and single-sourced suppliers, may present heightened continuity risks. Additionally, although incidents of cybersecurity breaches have not significantly impacted our supply chain to date, they continue to be actively monitored to protect supply continuity. We are actively engaged in activities that seek to mitigate the impact of any supply chain risks and disruptions on our operations.
Some hospitals continue to experience challenges with staffing and cost pressures that could affect their ability to provide patient care. Additionally, certain hospitals are facing significant financial pressure as supply chain constraints and inflation have driven up operating costs and elevated interest rates have made access to credit more expensive. Hospitals may also be adversely affected by the liquidity concerns as a result of the broader macroeconomic environment. Any or all of these factors could negatively impact the number of da Vinci procedures performed or surgical systems placed and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Business Model
Overview
We generate up-front revenue from the placement of da Vinci surgical systems through sales or sales-type lease arrangements and recurring revenue over time through fixed-payment or usage-based operating lease arrangements. We also earn recurring revenue from the sales of instruments, accessories, and services.
The da Vinci surgical system generally sells for between $0.7 million and $3.1 million, depending on the model, configuration, and geography, and represents a significant capital equipment investment for our customers when purchased. Our instruments and accessories have limited lives and will either expire or wear out as they are used in surgery, at which point they need to be replaced. We generally earn between $1,000 and $3,600 of instruments and accessories revenue per surgical procedure performed, depending on the type and complexity of the specific procedures performed and the number and type of instruments used. We typically enter into service contracts at the time systems are sold or leased at an annual fee between $100,000 and $225,000, depending on the configuration of the underlying system and the composition of the services offered under the contract. Our system sale