amounts allocated to products and services for which revenue has not yet been recognized. A significant portion of these performance obligations relate to service obligations in the Company’s system sale and lease arrangements that will be satisfied and recognized as revenue in future periods. The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations was $
2.67
billion as of March 31, 2025. The remaining performance obligations are expected to be satisfied over the term of the system sale, lease, and service arrangements. Approximately
44
% of the remaining performance obligations are expected to be recognized in the next 12 months with the remainder recognized thereafter over the term of the system sale, lease, and service arrangements, which are generally up to
5
years.
Contract Assets and Liabilities
The following information summarizes the Company’s contract assets and liabilities (in millions):
Contract assets for the periods presented primarily represent the difference between the revenue that was recognized based on the relative standalone selling price of the related performance obligations satisfied and the contractual billing terms in the arrangements. The Company
did not have any significant impairment losses
on its contract assets for the periods presented.
The Company invoices its customers based on the billing schedules in its sales arrangements. Payments are generally due 30 to 60 days from the date of invoice.
Deferred revenue for the periods presented primarily relates to service contracts where the service fees are billed up-front, generally quarterly or annually, prior to those services having been performed. The associated deferred revenue is generally recognized over the term of the service period.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company recognized $
198
million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company recognized $
189
million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023.
12
Intuitive System Leasing
The following table presents product revenue from Intuitive System Leasing arrangements (in millions):
Trade Accounts Receivable
The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company’s assessment of the collectibility of customer accounts. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable balances, and current economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, bad debt expense was not material.
The Company’s exposure to credit losses may increase if its customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, procedure coverage and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty associated with local or global economic recessions, or other customer-specific factors. Although the