based operating lease arrangements, as well as sales-type lease arrangements, in our system placement and installed base disclosures. We exclude operating lease-related revenue, including usage-based revenue, and Ion system revenue from our da Vinci surgical system average selling price (“ASP”) computations.
26
The following table summarizes our system placements under leasing arrangements:
Operating lease revenue has grown at a faster rate than overall systems revenue and was $654 million, $501 million, and $377 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, of which $338 million, $217 million, and $133 million, respectively, was variable lease revenue related to our usage-based operating lease arrangements. Variable lease revenue related to our usage-based operating lease arrangements has been included in our operating lease metrics herein.
Revenue for systems sold or placed under a sales-type lease arrangement is recognized upfront whereas revenue for fixed-payment operating lease arrangements is recognized on a straight-line basis over time. Therefore, in a period when the number of operating lease placements increases as a proportion of total system placements, total systems revenue is reduced, which can create volatility in the systems revenue recognized in any given period. We generally set fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease arrangements’ pricing at a modest premium relative to purchased systems reflecting the time value of money and, in the case of usage-based operating lease arrangements, the risk that system utilization may fall short of anticipated levels.
Revenue for usage-based operating lease arrangements is recognized as the system is used to perform procedures. Variable usage-based arrangements create better matching of reimbursements and cost for our customers. They also reduce our customers’ overall risk and need for capital outlay. However, because the number of procedures performed in any given period can vary significantly for many reasons, including but not limited to healthcare emergencies, alternative treatment options, and patient preferences, revenue recognized from these arrangements can be highly volatile.
Customers generally do not have the right to exit or terminate a fixed-payment lease without incurring a penalty. Generally, lease transactions generate similar gross profit margins as our sale transactions. However, because of the variability in revenue recognized for usage-based lease arrangements, including our customers’ ability to exit or cancel those arrangements prior to the end of the lease term, there is no guarantee that we will recuperate the cost of the leased system, which, in turn, could adversely impact our gross profit margins if utilization of those systems are different than our expectations.
27
The following table summarizes our systems installed at customers under operating leasing arrangements:
Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease