is reasonably possible that our existing unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by up to $
49
million as a result of expirations of the statute of limitations and audit conclusions in various jurisdictions within the next 12 months.
The Company is subject to the examination of its income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. The Company’s management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of the Company’s provision for income taxes. If any issues addressed in the Company’s tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management’s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.
20
NOTE 12.
NET INCOME PER SHARE
The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (in millions, except per share amounts):
Share-based compensation awards of approximately
0.6
million and
0.9
million shares for the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively, were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. common stockholders, because the effect of including such shares would have been anti-dilutive in the periods presented.
NOTE 13.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
Intuitive is committed to advancing minimally invasive care through a comprehensive ecosystem of products and services. This connected ecosystem includes systems, instruments and accessories, learning, and services connected by a digital portfolio that enables actionable digital insights across the care continuum. The systems, as well as the instruments and accessories, are primarily developed and manufactured by Intuitive. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, domestic revenue accounted for
68
% and
66
%, respectively, of total revenue, while revenue from the Company’s OUS markets accounted for
32
% and
34
%, respectively, of total revenue. The Company manages the business activities on a consolidated basis and operates in
one
reportable segment.
Intuitive’s Chief Executive Officer is the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). The CODM utilizes the Company’s long-range plan, which includes product development roadmaps and long-range financial models, as a key input to resource allocation. The CODM makes decisions on resource allocation, assesses performance of the business, and monitors budget versus actual results using income from operations. Net income is also a measure that is considered in monitoring budget versus actual results.
Significant expenses within income from operations, as well as within net income, include cost of revenue, research and development, and selling, general and administrative expenses, which are each separately presented on the Company’s Consolidated