surgeon’s console (or consoles), imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software.
We are in the early stages of launching our da Vinci SP surgical system and have an installed base of 291 da Vinci SP surgical systems as of March 31, 2025. We have received FDA clearance for the da Vinci SP surgical system for urologic,
23
colorectal, general thoracoscopic, and certain transoral procedures. Additionally, the da Vinci SP surgical system has received regulatory clearance in South Korea for a broad set of procedures. The da Vinci SP surgical system has also received regulatory clearance in Japan for the same set of procedures that are currently allowed with the da Vinci Xi surgical system in Japan. In January 2024, the da Vinci SP surgical system received European certification in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/745 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 April 2017 on medical devices (the “EU MDR”) for use in endoscopic abdominopelvic, thoracoscopic, transoral otolaryngology, transanal colorectal, and breast surgical procedures, and we are commercializing the da Vinci SP surgical system in select major European countries as part of a measured rollout. In August 2024, we obtained regulatory clearance in Taiwan for our da Vinci SP surgical system for use in endoscopic abdominopelvic, thoracoscopic, transoral otolaryngology, transanal colorectal, transanal total mesorectal excision, and breast surgical procedures. We plan to seek FDA clearances for additional indications for the da Vinci SP surgical system and expand the system’s regulatory approvals (including for additional indications) in other outside of the U.S. (“OUS”) markets over time. The success of the da Vinci SP surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances.
In March 2024, we obtained FDA clearance for our da Vinci 5 surgical system, our next-generation multi-port robotic system, for use in all surgical specialties and procedures indicated for da Vinci Xi, except for cardiac and pediatric indications. In October 2024, we obtained regulatory clearance in South Korea for the da Vinci 5 surgical system for use in urologic, general, gynecologic, thoracoscopic, thoracoscopically-assisted cardiotomy, and transoral otolaryngology surgical procedures. We are in the midst of a phased launch of our da Vinci 5 surgical system, which we expect to extend over several quarters, giving us time to mature our supply and manufacturing processes for the new system. As of March 31, 2025, we have an installed base of 509 da Vinci 5 surgical systems. Additionally, we are in the regulatory processes in Japan and Europe for our da Vinci 5 surgical system.
We offer approximately 70 different multi-port da Vinci instruments to provide surgeons with flexibility in choosing the types of tools needed to perform a particular surgery.