will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. However, we may experience reduced cash flow from operations as a result of macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds.
See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, for discussion on the impact of interest rate risk and market risk on our investment portfolio.
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Data
The following table summarizes our cash flows (in millions):
Operating Activities
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, net cash provided by operating activities of $582 million was less than our net income of $704 million, primarily due to the following factors:
1.
Changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in $439 million of cash used in operating activities during the three months ended March 31, 2025. Accrued compensation and employee benefits decreased by $226 million, primarily due to payment of 2024 incentive compensation and payments for stock purchases related to our ESPP. Inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant, and equipment, increased by $211 million, primarily to address the growth in our business, including the expansion of our leasing business, and to mitigate risks of disruption that could arise from global supply chain shortages. Refer to Note 4 to the Financial Statements for further details in the supplemental cash flow information. Other accrued liabilities decreased by $118 million, primarily due to income tax payments made in the period. The unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by an increase in accounts payable of $83 million, primarily due to the timing of invoicing and payments, and an increase in deferred revenue of $37 million, primarily due to the timing of payment and delivery of goods and services.
41
2.
Our net income included non-cash charges of $317 million, consisting primarily of share-based compensation of $185 million and depreciation expense and losses on the disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $138 million.
Investing Activities
Net cash provided by investing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025, consisted primarily of net proceeds from maturities on investments of $330 million, partially offset by $117 million paid for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment. We invest predominantly in high quality, fixed income securities. Our investment portfolio may, at any time, contain investments in money market funds, U.S. treasury and U.S. government agency securities, high-quality corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, non-U.S. government agency securities, and taxable and tax-exempt municipal notes.
Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025, consisted primarily of cash used for taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share