received NMPA regulatory clearance for our Ion endoluminal system in China. We placed our first Ion systems in China during the third quarter of 2024 and will continue our rollout of the Ion system in China in a measured fashion while we optimize training pathways and collect additional clinical data. In September 2023, we received regulatory clearance in South Korea for our Ion endoluminal system. We expect the introduction of the Ion system in South Korea to follow the refinement of our training pathways in the region and the gathering of local clinical and economic data. In March 2023, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR for our Ion endoluminal system. In Europe, we continued commercialization in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and are beginning to place Ion systems in continental Europe with a similar approach of initially focusing on the collection of clinical data in support of our European reimbursement strategy.
•
In August 2023, following approval by China’s NMPA for a local version of our da Vinci Xi surgical system in June 2023, our Joint Venture received a manufacturing license that permits the Joint Venture to manufacture our da Vinci Xi surgical system for sale to customers in China.
Refer to the descriptions of our new products that received regulatory clearances, approvals, or certifications in 2025, 2024, and 2023 in the
Recent Product Introductions
section below.
In June 2023, the China National Health Commission published the 14th five-year plan quota for major medical equipment to be sold in China on its official website (the “2023 Quota”). Under the 2023 Quota, the government will allow for the sale of 559 new surgical robots into China, which could include da Vinci surgical systems as well as surgical systems introduced by others. As of March 31, 2025, including systems that were sold in prior quarters, we have placed 134 da Vinci surgical systems under the 2023 Quota. Future sales of da Vinci surgical systems under this and any previously published open quotas are uncertain, as they are open to other medical device companies that have introduced robotic-assisted surgical systems and are dependent on hospitals completing a tender process and receiving associated approvals. Our ability to track the number of systems that could be sold under these quotas in the future is limited by provincial and national agencies making such information publicly available.
Since 2022, several provinces in China have implemented significant limits on what hospitals can charge patients for surgeries using robotic surgical technology, including soft tissue surgery. These limits have significantly impacted the number of procedures performed and have impacted our instruments and accessories revenue in those provinces. However, as of the date of this report, these limits have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, as
30
only a small portion of our installed base in China is