effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on its related disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
(“ASU 2024-03”), which requires disclosure about the types of costs and expenses included in certain expense captions presented on the income statement. The new disclosure requirements are effective for the Company’s annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on its related disclosures.
The Company continues to monitor new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB and does not believe any accounting pronouncements issued through the date of this report will have a material impact on the Company’s Financial Statements.
Significant Accounting Policies
There have been no new or material changes to the significant accounting policies discussed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, that are of significance, or potential significance, to the Company.
NOTE 3.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments
The following tables summarize the Company’s cash and available-for-sale debt securities’ amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses, allowance for credit loss, and fair value by significant investment category reported as cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, or long-term investments (in millions):
7
The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of the Company’s cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt securities, excluding money market funds (in millions):
Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities, because certain borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. Gross realized gains and losses recognized on the sale of investments were
immaterial
for the periods presented.
The following tables present the breakdown of the available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses (in millions):
8
The Company’s investments may, at any time, consist of money market funds, U.S. treasury and U.S. government agency securities, high-quality corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, non-U.S. government agency securities, and taxable and tax-exempt municipal notes. The Company regularly reviews the securities in an unrealized loss position and evaluates the current expected credit loss by considering factors such as historical experience, market data, financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, the extent of the loss related to the credit of the issuer, and the expected cash flows from the security. The Company segments