where MIS is available. For over four decades, MIS has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. MIS has been widely adopted for certain surgical procedures.
Da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of traditional open surgery or conventional MIS. Surgeons using a da Vinci surgical system operate while seated comfortably at a console viewing a 3D, high-definition image of the surgical field. This immersive console connects surgeons to the surgical field and their instruments. While seated at the console, the surgeon manipulates instrument controls in a natural manner, similar to open surgical technique. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon’s hand. In designing our products, we focus on making our technology easy and safe to use.
Our da Vinci products fall into five broad categories: da Vinci surgical systems, da Vinci instruments and accessories, da Vinci stapling, da Vinci energy, and da Vinci vision, including Firefly fluorescence imaging systems and da Vinci endoscopes. We provide a comprehensive suite of systems, learning, and services offerings. Digitally enabled for nearly three decades, these three offerings aim to decrease variability by providing dependable, consistent functionality and an integrated user experience. Our systems category includes robotic platforms, software, vision, energy, and instruments and accessories. Our learning category includes learning and enabling technology, such as simulation and telepresence, as well as technical training programs and personalized peer-to-peer learning opportunities. We have a global network of field service engineers and distributors through which we deliver a suite of services, including installation, repair, maintenance, around-the-clock technical support, and system monitoring. We also offer customized analytics and consultation to hospitals for program optimization.
We have commercialized the following da Vinci surgical systems: the da Vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da Vinci S surgical system in 2006, the da Vinci Si surgical system in 2009, the fourth-generation da Vinci Xi surgical system in 2014, and the fifth-generation da Vinci 5 surgical system in 2024. We extended our fourth-generation platform by adding the da Vinci X surgical system, commercialized in 2017, and the da Vinci SP surgical system, commercialized in 2018. The da Vinci SP surgical system accesses the body through a single incision, while the other da Vinci surgical systems access the body through multiple incisions. All da Vinci systems include a