display and image system, and throughput and workflow enhancements, such as an integrated electrosurgical unit and insufflation capabilities technology. Da Vinci 5 has more than 10,000 times the computing power of da Vinci Xi, allowing for innovative new system capabilities and advanced digital experiences, including integration with our My Intuitive app, SimNow (virtual reality simulator), Case Insights (computational observer), and Intuitive Hub (edge computing system). Additionally, the redesigned console provides greater surgeon comfort with customizable positioning, allowing surgeons to find their best fit for surgical viewing and comfort, including the ability to sit completely upright.
E-200 Generator.
The E-200 generator is an advanced electrosurgical generator designed to provide high-frequency energy for cutting, coagulation, and vessel sealing of tissues. The E-200 generator is integrated with the da Vinci 5 surgical system, is compatible with the da Vinci X and Xi surgical systems, and can also function as a standalone electrosurgical generator. When connected to a da Vinci system, the E-200 delivers high-frequency energy to da Vinci instruments, with control and status messages communicated through an Ethernet cable. The E-200 generator is also compatible with third-party handheld monopolar and bipolar instruments, as well as fingerswitch-equipped instruments and Intuitive-provided auxiliary footswitches. The E-200 generator includes the same advanced energy capability as the E-100 generator and supports the same vessel sealing instruments.
SureForm 30 Curved-Tip Stapler and Reloads.
The 8 mm SureForm 30 curved-tip stapler and reloads (gray, white, and blue) were designed for use with our multi-port da Vinci surgical systems to help surgeons better visualize and reach anatomy through a combination of the 8 mm diameter instrument shaft and jaws, 120-degree cone of wristed articulation, and the curved tip. As it fits through the 8 mm da Vinci surgical system instrument cannula, the stapler allows different angles for surgeons to approach patient anatomy. Consistent with our other SureForm staplers, the 8 mm SureForm 30 curved-tip stapler integrates SmartFire technology, which makes automatic adjustments to the firing process as staples are formed and the transection is made. The technology makes more than 1,000 measurements per second, helping achieve a consistent staple line.
SP SureForm 45 Stapler and SP SureForm 45 Curved-Tip Stapler.
The SP SureForm 45 stapler and SP SureForm 45 curved-tip stapler were both designed for use with the da Vinci SP surgical system, providing precision and versatility in minimally invasive procedures. Featuring wristed articulation and a 45 mm staple line, these staplers enhance access to anatomical structures through a single-port approach. Consistent with our multi-port SureForm staplers, these staplers integrate SmartFire technology to monitor tissue compression and make automatic adjustments during