language, and arrange, as required, the return or replacement of the affected product or a field service visit to perform the correction.
Field actions, as well as certain outcomes from regulatory activities, can result in adverse effects on our business, including damage to our reputation, delays by customers of purchase decisions, reduction or stoppage of the use of installed systems, and reduced revenue as well as increased expenses.
Procedures
We model patient value as equal to
procedure efficacy / invasiveness
. In this equation,
procedure efficacy
is defined as a measure of the success of the procedure in resolving the underlying disease, and
invasiveness
is defined as a measure of patient pain and disruption of regular activities. When the patient value of a robotic-assisted procedure is greater than that of alternative treatment options, patients may benefit from seeking out surgeons or physicians and hospitals that offer robotic-assisted medical procedures, which could potentially result in a local market share shift. Adoption of robotic-assisted procedures occurs by procedure and by market and is driven by the relative patient value and total treatment costs of robotic-assisted procedures as compared to alternative treatment options for the same disease state or condition.
We use the number and type of procedures as metrics for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Management believes that the number and type of procedures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes procedure volume is an indicator of the rate of adoption of our robotic-assisted medical procedures as well as an indicator of future revenue (including revenue from usage-based operating lease arrangements). Management believes that both it and investors benefit from referring to the number and type of procedures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. The number and type of procedures also facilitate management’s internal comparisons of our historical performance. We believe that the number and type of procedures are useful to investors as metrics, because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (2) they are used by institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the performance of our business. The vast majority of our installed systems are connected via the internet. System logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. We utilize certain methods that rely on information collected from the installed systems for determining the number and type of procedures performed that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. Estimates and judgments for determining the number and