these categories, procedures range in complexity from cancer and other highly complex procedures to less complex procedures for benign conditions. Cancer and other highly complex procedures tend to be reimbursed at higher rates than less complex procedures for benign conditions. Thus, hospitals are more sensitive to the costs associated with treating less complex, benign conditions. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economical solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. Our fully featured da Vinci 5 and da Vinci Xi surgical systems with advanced instruments (including da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products) and our Integrated Table Motion product target the more complex procedure segment. Our da Vinci X surgical system is targeted toward price-sensitive geographic markets and procedures. Our da Vinci SP surgical system complements the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems by enabling surgeons to access narrow workspaces.
28
Procedure and Placement Seasonality
More than half of the da Vinci procedures performed are for benign conditions, most notably hernia repairs, hysterectomies, and cholecystectomies. These benign procedures and other short-term elective procedures tend to be more seasonal than cancer operations and surgeries for other life-threatening conditions. Seasonality in the U.S. for procedures for benign conditions typically results in higher fourth quarter procedure volume when more patients have met annual deductibles and lower first quarter procedure volume when deductibles are reset. Seasonality outside of the U.S. varies and is more pronounced around local holidays and vacation periods, which have lower procedure volume.
In addition, historically, placements of our da Vinci surgical systems have tended to be heavier in the fourth quarter and lighter in the first quarter, as hospital budgets are reset.
Distribution Channels
We provide our products through direct sales organizations in the U.S., Europe (excluding Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece, and Eastern European countries), China (through our majority-owned joint ventures, Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Intuitive Surgical-Fosun (HongKong) Co., Ltd. (collectively, the “Joint Venture”), with Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Fosun Pharma”)), Japan, South Korea, India, Taiwan, and Canada. In the remainder of our OUS markets, we provide our products through distributors.
Regulatory Activities
Overview
Our products must meet the requirements of a large and growing body of international regulations and standards that govern the product safety, efficacy, advertising, labeling, safety reporting design, manufacture, materials content and sourcing, testing, certification, packaging, installation, use, and disposal of our products. Examples of such standards include electrical safety standards, such as those of the International Electrotechnical Commission, and