settlements of vested employee equity awards of $370 million, partially offset by cash proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $134 million.
Capital Expenditures
We expect to continue to invest in infrastructure needed to scale and supply our customers with highly differentiated products manufactured in highly automated factories to facilitate outstanding performance in product quality, availability, and cost. A significant portion of this investment involves the construction of facilities to expand our manufacturing and commercial capabilities. We have also been vertically integrating key technologies to develop a more robust supply chain, enabling us to bring important products to market at attractive price points. These integration efforts include increased ownership of our imaging pipelines and investments in strategic instruments and accessories technologies that allow us to serve our customers better. We expect these capital investments to range between $650 million and $750 million in 2025, the majority of which will be facilities-related investments. We intend to fund these capital investments with cash generated from operations.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our critical accounting estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. There have been no new or material changes to the critical accounting estimates discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, that are of significance, or potential significance, to the Company.
42
ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
There have been no material changes in our market risk during the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the disclosures in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive