CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(UNAUDITED)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited).
4
INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(UNAUDITED)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited).
5
INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
In this report, “Intuitive,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries.
NOTE 1.
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS
Intuitive develops, manufactures, and markets da Vinci
®
surgical systems and the Ion
®
endoluminal system. The Company’s products and related services enable physicians and healthcare providers to improve the quality of and access to minimally invasive care. The da Vinci surgical system is designed to enable surgeons to perform a wide range of surgical procedures within our targeted general surgery, urologic, gynecologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck specialties and consists of a surgeon console or consoles, a patient-side cart, and a high-performance vision system. The Ion endoluminal system is a flexible, robotic-assisted, catheter-based platform for which the first cleared indication is minimally invasive biopsies in the lung and consists of a system cart, a controller, a catheter, and a vision probe. Both systems use software, instruments, and accessories.
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (“Financial Statements”) and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) for interim financial reporting. In the opinion of management, the accompanying Financial Statements of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries have been prepared on a consistent basis with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and include all adjustments, consisting of only normal, recurring adjustments, necessary to fairly state the information set forth herein.
Certain information and footnote disclosures typically included in the annual consolidated financial statements have been condensed or omitted. Accordingly, these Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on January 31, 2025. The results of operations for the first three months of 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire fiscal year or any future periods.
The Financial