antitrust purposes. On July 30, 2024, the Court granted Intuitive’s motion for reconsideration, vacating those portions of the Court’s March 31, 2024 Order granting summary judgment as to the definition of a U.S. market for EndoWrist instrument repair and replacement and Intuitive’s market power in such a market. On March 31, 2025, the Court granted plaintiff’s motion for class certification. No trial date has been scheduled for this matter. Based on currently available information, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of loss or range of losses, if any, arising from this matter.
On September 18, 2024, Restore Robotics Repairs (“Restore”) filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida alleging antitrust claims against the Company relating to the service and replacement of X/Xi EndoWrist instruments for use with the da Vinci X and Xi surgical systems. On December 9, 2024, Intuitive filed a motion to dismiss to which plaintiff responded by amending its complaint. Intuitive filed a motion to dismiss the first amended complaint on January 31, 2025. Plaintiff filed an opposition to Intuitive’s motion to dismiss on February 14, 2025, and Intuitive filed a reply on March 26, 2025. The Court has not yet ruled on that motion. On April 7, 2025, Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a second amended complaint. On April 21, 2025, Intuitive filed an opposition to Plaintiff’s motion for leave to file a second amended complaint. Based on currently available information, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of loss or range of losses, if any, arising from this matter.
16
NOTE 9.
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Stockholders’ Equity
The following tables present the changes in stockholders’ equity (in millions):
Stock Repurchase Program
The Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) has authorized an aggregate of $
10.0
billion of funding for the Company’s common stock repurchase program (the “Repurchase Program”) since its establishment in March 2009. The most recent authorization occurred in July 2022, when the Board increased the authorized amount available under the Repurchase Program to $
3.5
billion, including amounts remaining under previous authorization. As of March 31, 2025, the remaining amount of share repurchases authorized by the Board under the Repurchase Program was approximately $
1.1
billion.
The Company did
not
make any stock repurchases during the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024.
17
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax, Attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. are as follows (in millions):
The tax impacts for amounts recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications and reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss relating to hedge instruments, available-for-sale securities, foreign currency translation gains (losses), and