Statements of Income. Other segment items within net income include interest and other income, net, and income tax expense.
The Company’s long-lived assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, net. As of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024,
82
% and
83
%, respectively, of long-lived assets were in the U.S. As of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, no individual country other than the U.S. accounted for 10% or more of these assets.
21
ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition as of March 31, 2025, and results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, should be read in conjunction with management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements relate to expectations concerning matters that are not historical facts. Statements using words such as “estimates,” “projects,” “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “targeted,” and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to future results of operations, future financial condition, our financing plans and future capital requirements, our potential tax assets or liabilities, and statements based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the economies and geographic markets in which we operate and our beliefs and assumptions regarding these economies and markets. These forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates reflecting the judgment of our management and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements should be considered in light of various important factors, including, but not limited to, the following: the overall macroeconomic environment, which may impact customer spending and our costs, including tariffs, the levels of inflation, and interest rates; the conflict between Ukraine and Russia; conflicts in the Middle East; disruption to our supply chain, including difficulties in obtaining a sufficient supply of materials; curtailed or delayed capital spending by hospitals; the impact of global and regional economic and credit market conditions on healthcare spending; delays in obtaining new product approvals, clearances, or certifications from the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), comparable regulatory authorities, or notified bodies; the risk