financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by economic pressures or uncertainty, changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, or other customer-specific factors. As a result of these macroeconomic factors impacting our customers, we may be exposed to defaults under our lease financing arrangements. Moreover, usage-based operating lease arrangements generally contain no minimum payments; therefore, customers may exit such arrangements without paying a financial penalty to us.
For some operating lease arrangements, our customers are provided with the right to purchase the leased system at certain points during and/or at the end of the lease term. Revenue generated from customer purchases of systems under operating lease arrangements (“Lease Buyouts”) was $109 million, $74 million, and $72 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. We expect that revenue recognized from customer exercises of buyout options will fluctuate based on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise such buyout options.
Systems Revenue
System placements are driven by procedure growth in most geographic markets. In some markets, system placements are constrained by regulation. In geographies where da Vinci procedure adoption is in an early stage or system placements are constrained by regulation, system sales will precede procedure growth. System placements also vary due to seasonality, largely aligned with hospital budgeting cycles. On an annual basis, we typically place a higher proportion of systems in the fourth quarter and a lower proportion in the first quarter as many customer budgets are reset. Systems revenue is also affected by the proportion of system placements under operating lease arrangements, recurring fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease revenue, Lease Buyouts, product mix, ASPs, trade-in activities, customer mix, and specified-price trade-in rights. We generally do not provide specified-price trade-in rights or upgrade rights at the time of a system purchase; however, as we continue the phased launch of our next-generation da Vinci 5 surgical system, specified-price trade-in rights will continue to be included in certain arrangements. For trade-in activities involving operating lease upgrades, depending on the timing and terms of the upgrade transaction, the amount of revenue generated on the initial and new lease arrangements may not, in the aggregate, generate the same amount of revenue that a traditional sale and trade-in transaction would. Systems revenue increased 17% to $1.97 billion in 2024. Systems revenue remained flat at $1.68 billion in 2023. Systems revenue declined 1% to $1.68 billion in 2022.
Procedure Mix / Products
Our da Vinci surgical systems are generally used for soft tissue surgery for areas of the body between the pelvis and the neck, primarily in general, gynecologic, urologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck surgical procedures. Within