carrying amount of goodwill (in millions):
Intangible Assets
The following table summarizes the components of gross intangible assets, accumulated amortization, and net intangible assets balances (in millions):
14
Amortization expense related to intangible assets was $
3.4
million and $
5.1
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively.
The estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets as of March 31, 2025, is as follows (in millions):
The preceding expected amortization expense is an estimate. Actual amounts of amortization expense may differ from estimated amounts due to additional intangible asset acquisitions, measurement-period adjustments to intangible assets, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, impairments of intangible assets, accelerated amortization of intangible assets, and other events.
NOTE 8.
CONTINGENCIES
From time to time, the Company is involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings relating to securities laws, product liability, intellectual property, commercial, insurance, contract disputes, employment, and other matters. Certain of these lawsuits and claims are described in further detail below. It is not possible to predict what the outcome of these matters will be, and the Company cannot guarantee that any resolution will be reached on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.
A liability and related charge to earnings are recorded in the Financial Statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The assessment is re-evaluated each accounting period and is based on all available information, including the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to each case. Nevertheless, it is possible that additional future legal costs (including settlements, judgments, legal fees, and other related defense costs) could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, or future results of operations.
Product Liability Litigation
The Company is currently named as a defendant in a number of individual product liability lawsuits filed in various state and federal courts. The plaintiffs generally allege that they or a family member underwent surgical procedures that utilized the da Vinci surgical system and sustained a variety of personal injuries and, in some cases, death as a result of such surgery. Several of the filed cases have trial dates in the next 12 months.
The cases raise a variety of allegations including, to varying degrees, that plaintiffs’ injuries resulted from purported defects in the da Vinci surgical system and/or failure on the Company’s part to provide adequate training resources to the healthcare professionals who performed plaintiffs’ surgeries. The cases further allege that the Company failed to adequately disclose and/or misrepresented the potential risks and/or