benefits of the da Vinci surgical system. Plaintiffs also assert a variety of causes of action, including, for example, strict liability based on purported design defects, negligence, fraud, breach of express and implied warranties, unjust enrichment, and loss of consortium. Plaintiffs seek recovery for alleged personal injuries and, in many cases, punitive damages. The Company disputes these allegations and is defending against these claims.
The Company’s estimate of the anticipated cost of resolving the pending cases is based on negotiations with attorneys for the claimants. The final outcome of the pending lawsuits and claims, and others that might arise, is dependent on many variables that are difficult to predict, and the ultimate cost associated with these product liability lawsuits and claims may be materially different than the amount of the current estimate and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, or future results of operations. Although there is a reasonable possibility that a loss in excess of the amount recognized exists, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amount recognized at this time.
Patent Litigation
On October 19, 2022, a jury rendered a verdict against the Company awarding $
10
million in damages to Rex Medical, L.P. in a patent infringement lawsuit. On September 20, 2023, the court granted the Company’s post-trial motion and reduced the damages to Rex Medical L.P. to nominal damages of $
1
. On October 18, 2023, Rex Medical filed a notice of appeal to the
15
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and, on October 31, 2023, Intuitive filed its notice of cross appeal. The parties have completed briefing before the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Based on currently available information, the Company does not believe that any losses arising from this matter would be material.
Commercial Litigation
On May 10, 2021, Surgical Instrument Service Company, Inc. (“SIS”) filed a complaint in the Northern District of California Court alleging antitrust claims against the Company relating to EndoWrist service, maintenance, and repair processes. The Court granted in part and denied in part the Company’s Motion to Dismiss, and discovery has commenced. The Company filed an answer denying the antitrust allegations and filed counterclaims against SIS. The counterclaims allege that SIS violated the Federal Lanham Act, California’s Unfair Competition Law, and California’s False Advertising Law and that SIS is also liable to the Company for Unfair Competition and Tortious Interference with Contract. The parties filed summary judgment and Daubert motions, and the Court held a hearing on these motions on September 7, 2023.
On March 31, 2024, the Court granted-in-part and denied-in-part both Intuitive’s and plaintiff’s motions for summary judgment, and issued additional rulings related to expert witnesses. Trial in