composition standards, such as the Reduction of Hazardous Substances and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directives in the European Union (“EU”). Failure to meet these standards could limit our ability to market our products in those regions that require compliance with such standards.
Our products and operations are also subject to increasingly stringent medical device, privacy, and other regulations by national, regional, federal, state, and local authorities. After a device is placed on the market, numerous FDA and comparable foreign regulatory requirements continue to apply. These requirements include establishment registration, potential quality system and manufacturing audits and inspections, and device listing with the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities and compliance with medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities if their device caused or contributed, or may have caused or contributed, to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur.
We anticipate that timelines for the introduction of new products and/or indications may be extended relative to past experience as a result of these regulations. For example, we have seen elongated regulatory approval timelines in the U.S. and Europe.
Clearances, Approvals, and Certifications
We have generally obtained the regulatory clearances, approvals, and certifications required to market our products associated with our da Vinci multi-port surgical systems (da Vinci S, da Vinci Si, da Vinci Xi, and da Vinci X systems) for our targeted surgical specialties within the U.S., South Korea, Japan, and the European markets in which we operate. We have additionally obtained regulatory clearances, approvals, and certifications for the following products over the past several years:
•
In March 2025, we obtained FDA clearance for our SP SureForm 45 stapler and our SP SureForm 45 curved-tip stapler for use with our da Vinci SP surgical system, which may be particularly useful in thoracic and colorectal surgical procedures.
•
In February 2025, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR to extend the number of uses of our catheter instrument used with our Ion endoluminal system from five to eight uses. In April 2024, we obtained FDA clearance to extend the number of uses of our catheter instrument from five to eight uses.
•
In December 2024, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in colorectal surgical procedures. In July 2024, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in general thoracoscopic surgical procedures. In April 2023, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in simple prostatectomy procedures. We also obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in transvesical