currently located in the impacted provinces. Companies providing robotic surgical technology, including our Joint Venture, have been meeting with Chinese government healthcare agencies to discuss these developments and to provide feedback. We cannot assure you that additional provincial or national healthcare agencies and administrations will not impose similar limits, and we expect to continue to face increased pricing pressure, both of which could further impact the number of procedures performed and our instruments and accessories revenue in China.
The Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare (“MHLW”) considers reimbursement for procedures in April of even-numbered years. The process for obtaining reimbursement requires Japanese university hospitals and surgical societies, with our support, to seek reimbursement. There are multiple pathways to obtain reimbursement for procedures, including those that require in-country clinical and economic data. An additional five da Vinci procedures were granted reimbursement in April 2024, including lobectomy for benign conditions. In addition, we received higher reimbursement for certain da Vinci rectal resection procedures, as compared to open procedure reimbursements. The additional reimbursed procedures have varying levels of conventional laparoscopic penetration and will generally be reimbursed at rates equal to the conventional laparoscopic procedures. Given the reimbursement level and laparoscopic penetration for these additional procedures, there can be no assurance that the adoption pace for these procedures will be similar to prostatectomy or partial nephrectomy, given their higher reimbursement, or any other da Vinci procedure.
Field Actions, Recalls, and Corrections
Medical device companies have regulatory obligations to correct or remove medical devices in the field that could pose a risk to health. The definition of “recalls and corrections” is expansive and includes repair, replacement, inspections, relabeling, and issuance of new or additional instructions for use or reinforcement of existing instructions for use and training when such actions are taken for specific reasons of safety or compliance. These field actions require stringent documentation, reporting, and monitoring worldwide. There are other actions that a medical device manufacturer may take in the field without reporting including, but not limited to, routine servicing and stock rotations.
As we determine whether a field action is reportable in any regulatory jurisdiction, we prepare and submit notifications to the appropriate regulatory agency for the particular jurisdiction. Regulators can require the expansion, reclassification, or change in scope and language of the field action. In general, upon submitting required notifications to regulators regarding a field action that is a recall or correction, we will notify customers regarding the field action, provide any additional documentation required in their national