the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
22
Overview
As part of our mission, we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care. Since our founding 30 years ago, we have been delivering on this mission by combining innovative technology with clinical expertise to advance minimally invasive care. We do so by providing a comprehensive ecosystem that includes robotic-assisted systems, instruments and accessories, customer learning, and support services all connected by a digital portfolio that enables actionable insights across the care continuum.
To assure continued alignment with the patients and healthcare community we serve, we have adopted the Quintuple Aim as our “north star.” Starting foremost with a focus on patients, we seek to demonstrate that our products can deliver better outcomes that are validated by rigorous peer-reviewed evidence. Second, we aim to work with clinicians and care teams to create better patient experiences that enable patients to more quickly get back to what matters most in their lives, with fewer complications, less pain and discomfort, and greater predictability. Third, we aim to enable the care teams who use our platforms and technology-enabled ecosystem to have better experiences that augment their skills while reducing fatigue and increasing efficiency and reliability. Fourth, we aim to help lower the total cost of care per patient episode when compared with existing treatment alternatives, providing a return on investment for hospitals and healthcare systems and value for payers. Lastly, we aim to expand access to high-quality minimally invasive care by partnering with hospitals, healthcare systems, and patient advocacy groups to address barriers to care.
While surgery and acute interventions have improved significantly in the past few decades, there remains a significant need to improve across all aspects of the Quintuple Aim. Stakeholders continue to expect better clinical outcomes and decreased variability of outcomes across clinicians and care teams. Globally, healthcare systems continue to be stressed and lacking in critical resources, including the professionals who staff care teams. At the same time, healthcare providers, payers, and governments strain to cover the healthcare needs of their populations and demand lower total cost per patient to treat disease. In the face of these challenges, we continue to believe that we are well-positioned to synthesize scientific and technological advances in biology, computing, imaging, algorithms, and robotics to deliver meaningful and measurable value to all of our stakeholders.
Open surgery remains a prevalent form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. However, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery (“MIS”),