officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2025, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
43
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The information included in Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS
You should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, which could materially affect our business, financial position, or future results of operations. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial position, or future results of operations.
ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this report.
(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The table below summarizes our stock repurchase activity for the quarter ended March 31, 2025:
(1)
Represents the cumulative amount remaining for stock repurchases under the Board-authorized Repurchase Program established in March 2009. In July 2022, the Board increased the authorized amount available under our Repurchase Program by $3.5 billion. Authorizations under the Repurchase Program do not expire.
ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES
None.
ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION
Rule 10b5-1 Plans
On
January 29, 2025
,
Amy L. Ladd, M.D.
, a
member of the Company’s Board of Directors
,
adopted
a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Dr. Ladd’s trading plan provides for the potential exercise and sale of up to
8,776
shares of the Company’s common stock subject to stock options until
January 29, 2026
. This trading plan was entered into during an