manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the Company’s key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. In the event the Company is not successful in defending its patents against such challenges, or upon the “at-risk” launch by the generic or biosimilar firm of its product, the Company can lose a major portion of revenues for the referenced product in a very short period of time. Current legal proceedings involving the Company’s patents and other intellectual property rights are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings—Intellectual property under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report.
Risks related to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization
Significant challenges or delays in the Company’s innovation, development and implementation of new products, technologies and indications could have an adverse impact on the Company’s long-term success.
The Company’s continued growth and success depends on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers and consumers. Development of successful products and technologies is also necessary to offset revenue losses when the Company’s existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. New products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25% of 2024 sales. The Company cannot be certain when or whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire companies, products and technologies, whether particular product candidates will be granted regulatory approval, and, if approved, whether the products will be commercially successful.
The Company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. In all of these contexts, developing new products, particularly pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and medical devices, requires significant investment of resources over many years. Only a very few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. The process depends on many factors including the ability to: discern patients’ and healthcare providers’ future needs; develop promising new compounds, strategies and technologies; achieve successful clinical trial results; secure effective intellectual property protection; obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis; and, if and when they reach the market, successfully differentiate the Company’s products from competing products and approaches to treatment. Moreover, the development and regulatory approval of new products may be delayed due to limits on federal agency budgets or personnel, including reductions to the U.S. FDA’s budget, employees, and operations, which may lead