regulatory action;
•
Reliance on global supply chains and production and distribution processes that are complex and subject to increasing regulatory requirements that may adversely affect supply, sourcing and pricing of materials used in the Company’s products; and
•
The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to restructuring actions may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected, including due to any required approvals from applicable regulatory authorities.
Investors also should carefully read the risk factors described in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the risks described above and in Item 1A to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The Company does not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information or future events or developments.
Part I
Item 1. Business
General
Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company) have approximately 138,100 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. Johnson & Johnson is a holding company, with operating companies conducting business in virtually all countries of the world. The Company’s primary focus is products related to human health and well-being. Johnson & Johnson was incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1887.
The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is the Company's Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer). The Executive Committee is Johnson & Johnson’s senior leadership team responsible for setting the strategy and priorities of the Company and driving accountability at all levels. Within the strategic parameters provided by the Executive Committee, senior management groups at U.S. and international operating companies are each responsible for their own strategic plans and the day-to-day operations of those companies.
Segments of business
The Company is organized into two business segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech. Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the narrative and tabular descriptions of segments and operating results under: Item 7. Management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition of this Report; and Note 17 Segments of business and geographic areas of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report.
Innovative Medicine
The Innovative Medicine segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas: Immunology (e.g., rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and psoriasis),