V-Wave Ltd, a privately-held company focused on developing innovative treatment options for patients with heart failure, for an upfront payment of $
0.6
billion, with the potential for additional regulatory and commercial milestone payments up to approximately $
1.1
billion. The Company recorded an IPR&D charge of approximately $
0.5
billion, net of a gain recorded on the Company's existing investment in V-Wave and the results of operations are included in the MedTech segment as of the acquisition date.
On July 11, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Yellow Jersey, a demerged subsidiary of Numab Therapeutics AG, to secure the global rights to NM26, a novel, investigational first-in-class bispecific antibody targeting two clinically proven pathways in atopic dermatitis (AD), in an all-cash transaction for approximately $
1.25
billion. The Company recorded an IPR&D charge of approximately $
1.25
billion, and the results of operations are included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date.
The fiscal year 2023 asset acquisitions expensed as research and development included Laminar Inc. The remaining activity was not material.
During the fiscal year 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Laminar Inc., a privately-held medical device company focused on eliminating the left atrial appendage (LAA) in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AFib), for an upfront payment of $
0.4
billion. The Company recorded an IPR&D charge of approximately $
0.4
billion and the results of operations are included in the MedTech segment as of the acquisition date.
There were no significant asset acquisitions in 2022.
Divestitures
During the fiscal year 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of Acclarent resulting in approximately $
0.3
billion in proceeds and the divestiture of Ponvory outside of the U.S. resulting in approximately $
0.2
billion in proceeds. All other divestitures were not material.
During the fiscal year 2023, the Company executed divestitures resulting in approximately $
0.2
billion in proceeds resulting in gains or losses that were not material. At fiscal year end 2023, the Company held assets, primarily intangibles, on its Consolidated Balance Sheet of approximately $
0.3
billion, primarily related to Acclarent and Ponvory, that were subsequently divested in fiscal 2024.
During fiscal year 2022, the Company did
not
make any material divestitures.
19.
Legal proceedings
Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability; intellectual property; commercial; indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of their business.
The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of December 29,