Optimization efforts related to the residual costs associated with the Kenvue separation
Research and Development expense:
Research and development expense by segment of business was as follows:
Research and development activities represent a significant part of the Company's business. These expenditures relate to the processes of discovering, testing and developing new products, upfront payments and developmental milestones, improving existing products, as well as ensuring product efficacy and regulatory compliance prior to launch. The Company remains committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high quality and innovative products.
Research and Development increased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:
•
Acquired in-process research & development expense of $1.25 billion to secure the global rights to the NM26 bispecific antibody (Yellow Jersey acquisition) and pipeline advancement in the Innovative Medicine business
•
Acquired in-process research & development expense of $0.5 billion from the V-Wave acquisition in the MedTech business
In-Process Research and Development Impairments (IPR&D):
In the fiscal year 2024, the Company recorded a charge of approximately $0.2 billion associated with the M710 (biosimilar) asset acquired as part of the acquisition of Momenta Pharmaceuticals in 2020. There was also a partial impairment of this asset for $0.2 billion in the fiscal 2023. This asset is now fully impaired.
Other (Income) Expense, Net:
Other (income) expense, net is the account where the Company records gains and losses related to the sale and write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC, Inc. (JJDC), changes in the fair value of securities, investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit programs, gains and losses on divestitures, certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition and divestiture related costs, litigation accruals and settlements, as well as royalty income.
Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal year 2024 reflected less expense of $1.9 billion as compared to the prior year primarily due to the following:
(1)
The fiscal years 2024 and 2023 include charges primarily for talc matters (See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). The fiscal year 2023 includes favorable intellectual property related litigation settlements of approximately $0.3 billion.
(2)
The fiscal year 2024 is primarily related to the acquisition of Shockwave. The fiscal year 2023 is primarily related to the impairment of Ponvory and one-time integration costs related to the acquisition of Abiomed.
(3)
The fiscal year 2024 includes the loss of $0.4 billion on the completion of the debt for equity exchange of the retained stake in Kenvue. The fiscal year 2023 includes $0.4 billion related to the unfavorable change in the fair value of the remaining stake in Kenvue and $0.4 billion related to the partial impairment of Idorsia