using actual, non-rounded figures.
New accounting standards
The Company assesses the adoption impacts of recently issued accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on the Company's financial statements as well as material updates to previous assessments, if any, from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024.
Recently adopted accounting standards
There were no new material accounting standards adopted in the fiscal first quarter of 2025.
Recently issued accounting standards
There were no new material accounting standards issued in the fiscal first quarter of 2025.
Supplier finance program obligations
The Company has agreements for supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions. These programs provide participating suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with the third-party financial institutions. The Company is not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party financial institutions. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment dates (which have general payment terms of
90
days), are not affected by a participating supplier’s decision to participate in the program.
Confirmed obligations under the program as of March 30, 2025, and December 29, 2024, were $
0.6
billion and $
0.8
billion, respectively. The obligations are presented as Accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Note 2 —
Inventories
Tabl
e of Contents
Note 3 —
Intangible assets and goodwill
Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The latest annual impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024. Future impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets will be performed annually in the fiscal fourth quarter, or sooner, if warranted.
(1)
The majority is comprised of customer relationships
Goodwill as of March 30, 2025 was allocated by segment of business as follows:
The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is approximately
12
years. The weighted average amortization period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is approximately
19
years. The amortization expense of amortizable intangible assets included in the cost of products sold was $
1.1
billion for both of the fiscal first quarters ended March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
The estimated amortization expense for approved products, before tax, for the five succeeding years is approximately:
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and divestitures.
Tabl
e of Contents
Note 4 —
Fair value measurements
The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of cash flows, primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future intercompany product and