the range is better than any other, the minimum amount is accrued.
Supplier finance program obligations
The Company has agreements for supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions. These programs provide participating suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with the third-party financial institutions. The Company is not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party financial institutions. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment dates (which have general payment terms of
90
days), are not affected by a participating supplier’s decision to participate in the program.
Confirmed obligations under the program as of December 29, 2024, and December 31, 2023, were $
0.8
billion and $
0.7
billion, respectively. The obligations are presented as
Accounts payable
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The rollforward of the Company's valid obligations under the program were as follows:
Annual closing date
The Company follows the concept of a fiscal year, which ends on the Sunday nearest to the end of the month of December. Normally each fiscal year consists of 52 weeks, but every five or six years the fiscal year consists of 53 weeks, and therefore includes additional shipping days, as was the case in fiscal year 2020, and will be the case again in fiscal year 2026.
2.
Cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities
At the end of the fiscal year 2024 and 2023, cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities comprised:
(1)
Held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and realized gains or losses are reported in earnings.
(2)
Available for sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported net of taxes in other comprehensive income.
Fair value of government securities and obligations and corporate debt securities were estimated using quoted broker prices and significant other observable inputs.
The contractual maturities of the available for sale debt securities at December 29, 2024 are as follows:
The Company invests its excess cash in both deposits with major banks throughout the world and other high-quality money market instruments. The Company has a policy of making investments only with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit rating.
3.
Inventories
At the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, inventories comprised:
4.
Property, plant and equipment
At the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, property, plant and equipment at cost and accumulated depreciation were:
The Company capitalizes interest expense as part of the cost of construction of facilities and equipment. Interest expense capitalized in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
79
million, $
70
million and $
49
million, respectively.
Depreciation expense, including the amortization of capitalized interest in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
2.8
billion, $
2.6
billion and $
2.4