been levied on companies for data breaches, violations of privacy requirements, and unlawful cross-border data transfers. In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission has stepped up enforcement of data privacy with several significant settlements (including settlements concerning the downstream sharing of personal information and use and disclosure of personal health data) and there have been a material increase in class-action lawsuits linked to the collection and use of biometric data and use of tracking technologies.
Further, the Company relies on global supply chains, and production and distribution processes, that are complex, and subject to increasing regulatory requirements that may affect sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in the Company's products. These processes also are subject to complex and lengthy regulatory approvals.
Employees and human capital management
As of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the number of employees was approximately:
(1)
“Employee” is defined as an individual working full-time or part-time, excluding fixed term employees, interns and co-op employees. Employee data may not include full population from more recently acquired companies and individuals on long-term disability are excluded. Contingent workers, contractors and subcontractors are also excluded. Shockwave has been included in the fiscal 2024 headcount in the above table.
(2)
FTE represents the total number of full-time equivalent positions and does not reflect the total number of individual employees as some work part-time.
Employees by region (in percentages)
Strategy
The Company believes that its employees are critical to its continued success and are an essential element of its long-term strategy. Management is responsible for ensuring that its policies and processes reflect and reinforce the Company's desired corporate culture, including policies and processes related to strategy, risk management, and ethics and compliance. The Company’s human capital management strategy is built on three fundamental focus areas:
•
Attracting and recruiting top talent
•
Developing and retaining top talent
•
Empowering and inspiring talent
Underpinning these focus areas are ongoing efforts to cultivate and foster a culture built on innovation, health, well-being and safety, inclusion and belonging where the Company's employees are encouraged to succeed both professionally and personally while helping the Company achieve its business goals.
Culture and employee engagement
At Johnson & Johnson, employees are guided by Our Credo, which sets forth the Company's responsibilities to patients, consumers, customers, healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders. Employees worldwide must adhere to the Company’s Code of Business Conduct, which sets fundamental requirements and serves as a foundation for the Company policies, procedures and guidelines, all of which provide additional guidance on expected employee behaviors in every market