the following four parallel and alternative pathways to achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc claims: (i) the appeal of the LTL 2 dismissal decision; (ii) pursuing a consensual “prepackaged” bankruptcy case, as “strongly encouraged” by the Bankruptcy Court in its dismissal decision; (iii) aggressively litigating the talc claims in the tort system; and (iv) pursuing affirmative claims against experts for false and defamatory narratives regarding the Company’s talc powder products. In December 2023, LTL changed its state of formation to Texas and its name to LLT Management LLC ("LLT").
Following the dismissal of LTL 2, new lawsuits were filed, cases across the country that had been stayed were reactivated, and trials have commenced. The majority of the cases are pending in federal court, organized in a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In the MDL, case-specific discovery proceeded. The MDL proceedings have been stayed by order of the bankruptcy court in the Red River Bankruptcy case discussed below. In March 2024, the court granted the Company's motion for a renewed Daubert hearing prior to the trial. The briefing on the renewed Daubert issues was completed in August 2024.
In May 2024, the Company commenced a
three-month
solicitation period of its proposed consensual “prepackaged” Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan (the “Proposed Plan”) for the comprehensive and final resolution of all current and future claims related to cosmetic talc in the United States, excluding claims related to mesothelioma or State consumer protection claims, in exchange for the payment by the Company of present value of approximately $
6.475
billion payable over
25
years (nominal value of approximately $
8.0
billion, discounted at a rate of
4.4
%). The claims encompassed by the Proposed Plan constitute
99.75
% of pending lawsuits against the Company relating to its talc powder products.
In August 2024, LLT engaged in a restructuring that resulted in the creation of three new Texas limited liability companies: (a) Red River Talc, LLC ("Red River"); (b) Pecos River Talc LLC ("Pecos River"); and (3) New Holdco (Texas) LLC. As a result of this restructuring, all claims related to ovarian and other gynecological cancers were separated and allocated to Red River, and mesothelioma, governmental unit and certain other claims were allocated to Pecos River.
In September 2024, while reiterating the Company's continued confidence in the safety of its talc products, Red River filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Red River Bankruptcy Case), in furtherance of the Company's consensual "prepackaged" Proposed Plan. Red River also filed a motion for a temporary restraining order, seeking to extend the automatic stay to additional non-debtor entities. Prior to filing, the initial proposed plan