under the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and therefore that Janssen is not subject to the IRA’s mandatory pricing scheme. The impact of the IRA on our business and the broader pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain, as litigation filed by Janssen and other pharmaceutical companies remains ongoing and while CMS has publicly announced the maximum fair price for each of the selected drugs, implementation of the program is still in progress. In April 2024, Janssen appealed the district court’s denial of its summary judgment motion to the Third Circuit.
Russia-Ukraine war
Although the long-term implications of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal first quarter of 2025, including accounts receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal three months ending March 30, 2025, and the fiscal year ending December 29, 2024, the business of the Company’s Russian subsidiaries represented less than 1% of the Company’s consolidated assets and represented approximately 1% of revenues. The Company does not maintain Ukrainian subsidiaries.
In March of 2022, the Company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any additional investment in Russia. The Company continues to supply products relied upon by patients for healthcare purposes.
Conflict in the Middle East
Although the long-term implications of the conflict in the Middle East are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal first quarter of 2025, including accounts receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal three months ending March 30, 2025, and the fiscal year ending December 29, 2024, the business of the Company’s Israel subsidiaries represented less than 1% of both Company’s consolidated assets and revenues.
Other Macroeconomic Considerations
The Company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges. The Company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. Inflation rates and currency exchange rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way the Company operates. The Company has accounted for operations in Venezuela, Argentina, Turkey and Egypt (beginning in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024) as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. In the face of increasing costs, the Company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases.
Governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which