cybersecurity matters. These reports include an overview of the cybersecurity threat landscape, key cybersecurity initiatives to improve the Company’s risk posture, changes in the legal and regulatory landscape relative to cybersecurity, and overviews of certain cybersecurity incidents that have occurred within the Company and within the industry.
Item 2. Properties
The Company's subsidiaries operate 64 manufacturing facilities occupying approximately 9.6 million square feet of floor space. The manufacturing facilities are used by the industry segments of the Company’s business approximately as follows:
Within the U.S., four facilities are used by the Innovative Medicine segment and 19 by the MedTech segment. Outside of the U.S., 14 facilities are used by the Innovative Medicine segment and 27 by the MedTech segment.
The locations of the manufacturing facilities by major geographic areas of the world are as follows:
In addition to the manufacturing facilities discussed above, the Company maintains numerous office and warehouse facilities throughout the world.
The Company's subsidiaries generally seek to own, rather than lease, their manufacturing facilities, although some, principally in non-U.S. locations, are leased. Office and warehouse facilities are often leased. The Company also engages contract manufacturers.
The Company is committed to maintaining all of its properties in good operating condition.
Segment information on additions to property, plant and equipment is contained in Note 17 Segments of business and geographic areas of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report.
Item 3. Legal proceedings
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in Note 19 Legal proceedings of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report.
Item 4. Mine safety disclosures
Not applicable.
Executive officers of the registrant
Listed below are the executive officers of the Company. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was selected. At the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the executive officers are elected by the Board to hold office for one year and until their respective successors are elected and qualified, or until earlier resignation or removal.
Part II
Item 5. Market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities
As of February 6, 2025, there were 114,147 record holders of common stock of the Company. Additional information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the following sections of this Report: Note 16 “Common Stock, Stock Option Plans and Stock Compensation Agreements” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8; and Item 12 “Security