reactivated, and trials commenced. The majority of the cases are pending in federal court, organized in a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In the MDL, case-specific discovery proceeded. The MDL proceedings were stayed by order of the bankruptcy court in the Red River Bankruptcy case discussed below. In March 2024, the court granted the Company's motion for a renewed Daubert hearing prior to the trial. The briefing on the renewed Daubert issues was completed in August 2024.
In May 2024, the Company commenced a
three-month
solicitation period of its proposed consensual “prepackaged” Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan (the Proposed Plan) for the comprehensive and final resolution of all current and future claims related to cosmetic talc in the United States, excluding claims related to mesothelioma or State consumer protection claims, in exchange for the payment by the Company of present value of approximately $
6.475
billion payable over
25
years (nominal value of approximately $
8.0
billion, discounted at a rate of
4.4
%). The claims encompassed by the Proposed Plan constitute
99.75
% of pending lawsuits against the Company relating to its talc powder products.
In August 2024, LLT engaged in a restructuring that resulted in the creation of three new Texas limited liability companies: (a) Red River Talc, LLC (Red River); (b) Pecos River Talc LLC (Pecos River); and (3) New Holdco (Texas) LLC. As a result of this restructuring, all claims related to ovarian and other gynecological cancers were separated and allocated to Red River, and mesothelioma, governmental unit and certain other claims were allocated to Pecos River.
Tabl
e of Contents
In September 2024, while reiterating the Company's continued confidence in the safety of its talc products, Red River filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Red River Bankruptcy Case), in furtherance of the Company's consensual "prepackaged" Proposed Plan. Red River also filed a motion for a temporary restraining order, seeking to extend the automatic stay to additional non-debtor entities.
Shortly after Red River filed its Chapter 11 petition, the U.S. Trustee's office filed a motion to transfer venue in the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court, and thereafter, a motion to transfer venue and a motion to dismiss in the Texas Bankruptcy Court. A coalition of six plaintiff law firms also filed a motion to transfer venue and a motion to dismiss in the Texas Bankruptcy Court. In September 2024, the Texas Bankruptcy Court entered a temporary order enjoining the commencement or prosecution of all claims against Red River and certain non-debtor entities, including the Company, until October 11, 2024 (the Stay Order). The Stay Order was extended in October 2024, December 2024, and on March 13, 2025. Also in September 2024, the New Jersey Bankruptcy