product recalls, governmental investigations, regulatory action on the part of the U.S. FDA (or its counterpart in other countries), private claims and lawsuits, payment of fines and settlements, declining sales and reputational damage. These circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in the Company’s products. Product recalls have in the past, and could in the future, prompt government investigations and inspections, the shutdown of manufacturing facilities, continued product shortages and related sales declines, significant remediation costs, reputational damage, possible civil penalties and criminal prosecution.
The Company faces significant regulatory scrutiny, which imposes significant compliance costs and exposes the Company to government investigations, legal actions and penalties.
The rapid increase in new government laws and regulations imposes significant compliance costs to the Company and a failure of the Company to timely implement changes to comply with these new laws may expose the Company to investigations, legal actions or penalties. Regulatory issues regarding compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) (and comparable quality regulations in foreign countries) by manufacturers of drugs and devices can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions in production, delays in new product approvals and litigation. In addition, the marketing, pricing and sale of the Company’s products are subject to regulation, investigations and legal actions including under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Medicaid Rebate Program, federal and state false claims acts, state unfair trade practices acts and consumer protection laws. Scrutiny of healthcare industry business practices by government agencies and state attorneys general in the U.S., and any resulting investigations and prosecutions, carry risk of significant civil and criminal penalties including, but not limited to, debarment from participation in government healthcare programs. Any such debarment could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. The most significant current investigations and litigation brought by government agencies are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings—Government proceedings under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report.
Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the Company’s operating results.
Changes in tax laws or regulations around the world, including in the U.S. and as led by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, such as the enactment by certain EU and non-EU countries, and the anticipated enactment by additional countries, of a global minimum tax, could negatively impact the Company’s effective tax rate and results of operations. A change in statutory tax rate or certain international tax provisions in any