of health crises, these efforts may not completely prevent our business from being adversely affected in the event of a health crisis. Health crises could adversely impact the Company’s operations, including, among other things, our manufacturing operations, supply chain, third-party suppliers, sales and marketing, and clinical trial operations. Any of these factors could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial results, and global economic conditions generally.
Risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings
Global sales in the Company’s Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures.
Sales of the Company’s Innovative Medicine and MedTech products are significantly affected by reimbursements by third-party payors such as government healthcare programs, private insurance plans and managed care organizations. As part of various efforts to contain healthcare costs, these payors are putting downward pressure on prices at which products will be reimbursed. In the U.S., increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, in part due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, could result in further pricing pressures. In addition, recent legislation and ongoing political scrutiny on pricing, coverage and reimbursement could result in additional pricing pressures. Specifically, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) has changed Medicare Part D benefit design and has subjected certain of the Company's products to government-established pricing beginning in 2026 and may subject additional products in the future. Failure to adhere to the government's interpretations of the law pending ongoing litigation may expose the Company to penalties. In addition, change to Medicare Part D could have a negative impact on U.S. Innovative Medicine sales. Further, increased third-party utilization of the 340B Federal Drug Discount Program from expanded interpretations of the statute and program abuse may have a negative impact on the Company's financial performance. Outside the U.S., numerous major markets, including the EU, United Kingdom, Japan and China, have pervasive government involvement in funding healthcare and, in that regard, directly or indirectly impose price controls, limit access to, or reimbursement for, the Company’s products, or reduce the value of its intellectual property protection.
We are subject to an increasing number of costly and complex governmental regulations in the countries in which operations are conducted which may materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and business operations.
As described in Item 1. Business, the Company is subject to an increasing number of extensive government laws and regulations, investigations and legal action by national, state and local government agencies in the U.S. and other countries in which it operates.