reversed the Bankruptcy Court’s ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case.
In April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as to all parties and returning the talc litigation to the tort system. LTL re-filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case). As a result of the new filing, all talc claims against LTL were again automatically stayed pursuant to section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code. Additionally, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a temporary restraining order staying all litigation as to LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, identified retailers, and certain other parties (the New Protected Parties).
Also in April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a decision that granted limited injunctive relief to the Company and the New Protected Parties (the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction). The LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction remained in force until late August 2023, following the Bankruptcy Court’s extension of the initial LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction in June 2023. Under the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction, except for those cases filed in the federal court ovarian cancer multi-district litigation, discovery in all personal injury and wrongful death matters was permitted to proceed.
Furthermore, in April 2023, the Talc Claimants' Committee filed a motion to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case followed by similar motions from other claimants. Hearings on the motions to dismiss occurred in June 2023. In July 2023, the court dismissed the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case and, the same day, the Company stated its intent to appeal the decision and to continue its efforts to obtain a resolution of the talc claims. In September 2023, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order granting LTL leave to seek a direct appeal to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. In October 2023, the Third Circuit granted LTL’s petition for a direct appeal. In July 2024, the Third Circuit issued a non-precedential opinion affirming the Bankruptcy Court's decision to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case.
In October 2023, the Company stated that it was pursuing the following four parallel and alternative pathways to achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc claims: (i) the appeal of the LTL 2 dismissal decision; (ii) pursuing a consensual “prepackaged” bankruptcy case, as “strongly encouraged” by the Bankruptcy Court in its dismissal decision; (iii) aggressively litigating the talc claims in the tort system; and (iv) pursuing affirmative claims against experts for false and defamatory narratives regarding the Company’s talc powder products. In December 2023, LTL changed its state of formation to Texas and its name to LLT Management LLC (LLT).
Following the dismissal of the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case, new lawsuits were filed, cases across the country that had been stayed were