termination or nonrenewal of the manufacturing agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffers any damage to facilities, loses benefits under material agreements, experiences power outages, encounters financial difficulties, is unable to secure necessary raw materials from its suppliers or suffers any other reduction in efficiency, the Company may experience significant business disruption. In the event of any such disruption, the Company would need to seek and source other qualified third-party manufacturers, likely resulting in further delays and increased costs which could affect our business adversely.
Counterfeit versions of our products could harm our patients and have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings, reputation and business.
Our industry continues to be challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting and the presence of counterfeit products in a growing number of markets and over the Internet. Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. To distributors and patients, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. Counterfeit medicines pose a risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured – often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites – as well as the lack of regulation of their contents.
The industry’s failure to mitigate the threat of counterfeit medicines could adversely impact our business and reputation by impacting patient confidence in our authentic products, potentially resulting in lost sales, product recalls, and an increased threat of litigation. In addition, diversion of our products from their authorized market into other channels may result in reduced revenues and negatively affect our profitability.
Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics, or other outbreaks could adversely disrupt or impact certain aspects of the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
We are subject to risks associated with global health crises, epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks (such incident(s), a health crisis or health crises). The spread of health crises have caused and may cause the Company to modify its business practices, and take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as the Company determines are in the best interests of our patients, customers, employees and business partners under such circumstances. Impacts to the Company have included and may include adverse impacts to results of operations and financial condition, including lower sales and reduced customer demand and usage of certain of our products. While the Company has robust business continuity plans in place across our global supply chain network designed to help mitigate the impact