billion, respectively.
Upon retirement or other disposal of property, plant and equipment, the costs and related amounts of accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated from the asset and accumulated depreciation accounts, respectively. The difference, if any, between the net asset value and the proceeds are recorded in earnings.
5.
Intangible assets and goodwill
At the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the gross and net amounts of intangible assets were:
(1)
In September 2024, the Company announced changes to its MedTech brand identity and the $
1.7
billion of trademarks associated with the DePuy Synthes business were reclassified from indefinite lived to definite lived and will be amortized over a
25 year
period.
(2)
The majority is comprised of customer relationships
Goodwill as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, as allocated by segment of business, was as follows:
*    Includes purchase price allocation adjustments for Abiomed
The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is approximately
12
years. The weighted average amortization period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is approximately
18
years. The amortization expense of amortizable assets included in Cost of products sold was $
4.5
billion, $
4.5
billion and $
3.9
billion before tax, for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023, respectively. Intangible asset write-downs are included in Other (income) expense, net.
The estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets for approved products, before tax, for the five succeeding years is approximately:
See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and divestitures.
6.
Fair value measurements
The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of cash flows, primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future intercompany products and third-party purchases of materials denominated in a foreign currency. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to manage currency risk primarily related to borrowings. Both types of derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.
Additionally, the Company uses interest rate swaps as an instrument to manage interest rate risk related to fixed rate borrowings. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges. Additionally, the Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to offset its exposure to certain foreign currency assets and liabilities. These forward foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedges and therefore, changes in the fair values of these derivatives are recognized in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign currency assets and liabilities.
The Company does not enter into derivative