sold over the useful life.
For all years presented, there was no individual project that represented greater than
5
% of the total annual consolidated research and development expense other than the acquired in-process research & development expense of $
1.25
billion to secure the global rights to the NM26 bispecific antibody (Yellow Jersey acquisition) in fiscal year 2024.
The Company has a number of products and compounds developed in collaboration with strategic partners including XARELTO, co-developed with Bayer HealthCare AG, IMBRUVICA, developed in collaboration and co-marketed with Pharmacyclics LLC, an AbbVie company and CARVYKTI, licensed and developed in collaboration with Legend Biotech USA Inc. and Legend Biotech Ireland Limited.
Separately, the Company has a number of licensing arrangements for products and compounds including DARZALEX, licensed from Genmab A/S.
Advertising
Costs associated with advertising are expensed in the year incurred and are included in selling, marketing and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses worldwide, which comprised television, radio, print media and Internet advertising, were $
0.6
billion, $
0.5
billion and $
0.7
billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Income taxes
Income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable for the current year and include the results of any difference between U.S. GAAP accounting and tax reporting, recorded as deferred tax assets or liabilities. The Company estimates deferred tax assets and liabilities based on enacted tax regulations and rates. Future changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future.
The Company has unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. The Company follows U.S. GAAP which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Management believes that changes in these estimates would not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
In 2017, the United States enacted into law new U.S. tax legislation, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). This law included provisions for a comprehensive overhaul of the corporate income tax code, including a reduction of the statutory corporate tax rate from
35
% to
21
%, effective on January 1, 2018. The TCJA included a provision for a tax on all previously undistributed earnings of U.S. companies located in foreign jurisdictions. Undistributed earnings in the form of cash and cash equivalents were taxed at a rate of
15.5
% and all other earnings were taxed at a rate of
8.0
%. This tax is payable over
8
years and will not accrue interest. These payments began in fiscal year 2018 and will continue through 2025. The final payment of $
2.5
billion will be made in fiscal year 2025.
The TCJA also includes provisions for a tax on global intangible