uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements; complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.
In the Company's opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company's balance sheet, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position. However, the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations and cash flows for that period.
See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this report for further information regarding legal proceedings.
Common stock
The Company’s Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol JNJ. As of February 6, 2025, there were 114,147 record holders of Common Stock of the Company.
Item 7A. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Item 7. Management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition - Liquidity and capital resources - Financing and market risk of this Report; and Note 1 Summary of significant accounting policies - Financial instruments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report.
Item 8. Financial statements and supplementary data
Index to audited Consolidated Financial Statements
Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets
At December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023
(Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) (Note 1)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings
(Dollars and Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) (Note 1)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income
(Dollars in Millions) (Note 1)
The tax cost/(benefit) effects in other comprehensive income for the fiscal years 2024, 2023