The following entities are named defendants: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Laboratories Limited; Pharmascience Inc.; Mallinckrodt PLC; Specgx LLC; Tolmar, Inc.; Accord Healthcare, Inc.; Qilu Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.; and Qilu Pharma Inc. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 9,439,906. In October 2020, the district court issued a decision in the case against Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva previously stipulated to infringement. Teva appealed the decision, and, in April 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit vacated and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. In November 2024, the district court issued its decision on remand, finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and oral argument is scheduled for April 2025. In February 2024, the district court issued a decision in the case against Tolmar Inc. finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Tolmar previously stipulated to infringement. Tolmar has appealed the decision.
Beginning in February 2018, Janssen Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV initiated a Statement of Claim under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDSs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the listed patent. The following entities are named defendants: Pharmascience Inc. and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patent is included in one or more cases: 2,655,335. In June 2024, the Supreme Court dismissed the Apotex case. In September 2024, the Supreme Court granted Pharmascience's motion to appeal the Federal Court's decision that the 2,655,335 Patent is not invalid.
INVEGA TRINZA
Beginning in September 2020, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, and Janssen Research & Development, LLC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA TRINZA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Mylan Laboratories Limited; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; and Mylan Institutional LLC. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 10,143,693. In May 2023, the District Court issued a decision finding that Mylan’s proposed generic product infringes the asserted patent and that the patent is not invalid. Mylan has appealed the decision. Oral argument before the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was held in February 2025.
SYMTUZA
Beginning in November 2021, Janssen Products, L.P., Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company, Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Gilead Sciences Ireland UC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers