Court denied the U.S. Trustee's motion to transfer venue without prejudice. In October 2024, the Texas Bankruptcy Court denied the motion to transfer venue from Texas to New Jersey Bankruptcy Court. A consolidated hearing to address, among other things, the motions to dismiss and plan confirmation began on February 18, 2025 and concluded on February 28, 2025.
To account for the contemplated comprehensive resolution through the Proposed Plan, the Company recorded a cumulative incremental charge of approximately $
5.0
billion during fiscal year 2024. As of the end of fiscal year 2024, the total present value of the reserve was approximately $
11.6
billion (or nominal value of approximately $
13.5
billion). On March 31, 2025, the Texas Bankruptcy Court issued an order dismissing the case and, as a result, the Company reversed substantially all, or approximately $
7
billion, from amounts previously reserved for the bankruptcy resolution. Further, as a result of the dismissal, the Stay Order was dissolved. On April 1, 2025, the Company provided notice to the MDL court that the pending Daubert motion should proceed.
While the Company has resolved
95
% of the mesothelioma lawsuits filed to date, cases continue to be filed. Trials have commenced in various state courts. As of the first quarter 2025, the total present value of the reserve is approximately $
4.2
billion, comprising previously executed settlement arrangements, litigation defense and other costs. Approximately one-third of the reserve is recorded as a current liability.
In February 2019, the Company’s talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (Imerys Bankruptcy). The Imerys Bankruptcy relates to Imerys’s potential liability for personal injury from exposure to talcum powder sold by Imerys. In its bankruptcy, Imerys alleges it has claims against the Company for indemnification and rights to joint insurance proceeds. In its bankruptcy, Imerys proposed a Chapter 11 plan (the Imerys Plan) that contemplated all talc-related claims against it being channeled to a trust along with its alleged indemnification rights against the Company. Following confirmation and consummation of the plan, the trust would pay talc claims pursuant to proposed trust distribution procedures (the TDP) and then seek indemnification from the Company.
In February 2021, Cyprus Mines Corporation (Cyprus), which had owned certain Imerys talc mines, filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Delaware Bankruptcy Court and filed its Disclosure Statement and Plan (the Cyprus Plan). The Cyprus Plan contemplates a settlement with Imerys and talc claimants where Cyprus would make a monetary contribution to a trust