was amended to, among other things, increase the proposed resolution by $
1.75
billion.
Shortly after Red River filed its Chapter 11 petition, the U.S. Trustee's office filed a motion to transfer venue in the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court, and thereafter, a motion to transfer venue and a motion to dismiss in the Texas Bankruptcy Court. A coalition of six plaintiff law firms also filed a motion to transfer venue and a motion to dismiss in the Texas Bankruptcy Court. In September 2024, the Texas Bankruptcy Court entered a temporary order enjoining the commencement or prosecution of all claims against Red River and certain non-debtor entities, including the Company, until October 11, 2024. The temporary order was extended in October 2024 and again in December 2024. The commencement and prosecution of all claims against Red River and certain non-debtor entities are currently enjoined until March 15, 2025. Also in September 2024, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied the U.S. Trustee's motion to transfer venue without prejudice. In October 2024, the Texas Bankruptcy Court denied the motion to transfer venue from Texas to New Jersey Bankruptcy Court. A consolidated hearing to address, among other things, the motions to dismiss and plan confirmation is currently scheduled to begin on February 18, 2025.
Mesothelioma and State consumer protection claims are being addressed outside the Proposed Plan. The Company separately has resolved
95
% of the mesothelioma lawsuits filed to date and has resolved the State claims.
To account for these settlements and the contemplated comprehensive resolution through the Proposed Plan, the Company recorded a cumulative incremental charge of approximately $
5.0
billion, through the fourth fiscal quarter 2024. As of December 29, 2024, the total present value of the reserve is approximately $
11.6
billion (or nominal value of approximately $
13.5
billion), net of payments made in fiscal 2024. Approximately ten percent of the reserve is recorded as a current liability. The recorded amount remains the Company's best estimate of probable loss.
In February 2019, the Company’s talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (Imerys Bankruptcy). The Imerys Bankruptcy relates to Imerys’s potential liability for personal injury from exposure to talcum powder sold by Imerys. In its bankruptcy, Imerys alleges it has claims against the Company for indemnification and rights to joint insurance proceeds. In its bankruptcy, Imerys proposed a Chapter 11 plan (the Imerys Plan) that contemplated all talc-related claims against it being channeled to a trust along with its alleged indemnification rights against the Company. Following confirmation and consummation of the plan, the