impact of China volume-based procurement. The operational growth in General Surgery was primarily driven by technology penetration and upgrades within the differentiated Wound Closure portfolio and tender timing outside the U.S. The growth was partially offset by the impact from divestitures.
The Orthopaedics franchise experienced an operational sales decline of 3.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter. All platforms were impacted by one-time events: the lapping of the prior year one-time revenue recognition timing change related to certain products in the U.S., fewer selling days, and revenue disruption from the previously announced Orthopaedics restructuring. The operational decline in Hips reflects the aforementioned one-time events partially offset by the continued strength of the portfolio. The operational decline in Knees was driven by the aforementioned one-time events and tender timing outside the U.S. partially offset by procedure growth, strength of the ATTUNE portfolio and pull through related to the VELYS Robotic assisted solution. The operational growth in Trauma was primarily driven by the continued adoption of recently launched products, procedure growth, and commercial execution, partially offset by the aforementioned one-time events. The operational sales decline in Spine, Sports & Other reflects the aforementioned one-time events, competitive pressures, price pressures in the U.S. Early Interventional segment, and China volume-based procurement partially offset by growth in Shoulders.
The Cardiovascular franchise, which includes sales from Shockwave Medical (Shockwave) acquired on May 31, 2024, achieved operational sales growth of 17.7% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter. Abiomed sales growth was driven by the continued strong adoption of Impella 5.5 and Impella CP. Electrophysiology sales declined due to competitive pressures in Pulsed
Tabl
e of Contents
Field Ablation catheters and lapping of prior year inventory build in Asia. The decline was mostly offset by global procedure growth, new products and commercial execution.
The Vision franchise achieved operational sales growth of 3.7% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter. The Contact Lenses/Other operational growth was driven by price actions and continued strong performance in the ACUVUE OASYS 1-Day family of products (including recent launches). The Surgical operational growth was primarily driven by the continued strength of recent innovations and commercial execution partially offset by competitive pressures in the U.S.
Analysis of consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income
Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal first quarter of 2025 was $13.6 billion representing 62.3% of sales as compared to $3.7 billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2024, representing 17.4% of sales. The fiscal first quarter of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $7.0 billion, a significant portion