specifically in the U.S. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025 the Company reversed approximately $
7.0
billion, a significant portion of the previously accrued talc reserve versus a charge of $
2.7
billion recorded in the fiscal first quarter of 2024 for the talc settlement proposal. Both charges were recorded at an effective U.S. federal and state tax rate of approximately
22
% (for further information see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
As of March 30, 2025, the Company had approximately $
2.1
billion of liabilities from unrecognized tax benefits. The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a number of jurisdictions. With respect to the United States, the Internal Revenue Service has completed its audit for the tax years through 2016 and has commenced the audit for tax years 2017 through 2020.
In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax audit go back to the year 2013. The Company believes it is possible that tax audits may be completed over the next twelve months by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions outside of the United States.
Tabl
e of Contents
Note 6 —
Pensions and other benefit plans
Components of net periodic benefit cost
Net periodic benefit costs for the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and other benefit plans include the following components:
The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of products sold, Research and development expense, and Selling, marketing and administrative expenses. All other components of net periodic benefit cost are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
Company contributions
For the fiscal three months ended March 30, 2025, the Company contributed $
34
million and $
4
million to its U.S. and international retirement plans, respectively. The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. defined benefit plans to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International plans are funded in accordance with local regulations.
Note 7 —
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Components of other comprehensive income/(loss) consist of the following:
Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of the related tax impact.  Foreign currency translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international subsidiaries.  For additional details on comprehensive income see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Details on reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:
Gain/(Loss) On Securities - reclassifications released to Other (income) expense, net.
Employee Benefit Plans - reclassifications are included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 6 for additional