(see Note 21 for additional details). Unless otherwise indicated, the information in the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements refer only to Johnson & Johnson’s continuing operations.
In the fiscal second quarter of 2024 the Company completed a debt for equity exchange of the retained stake in Kenvue. Upon completion of the debt for equity exchange, the Company no longer owns any shares of Kenvue Common Stock.
Business segments
The Company is organized into
two
business segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech. The Innovative Medicine segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas: Immunology, Infectious Diseases, Neuroscience, Oncology, Pulmonary Hypertension, and Cardiovascular and Metabolic. Products in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. The MedTech segment includes a broad portfolio of products used in the Orthopaedic, Surgery, Cardiovascular (previously referred to as Interventional Solutions) and Vision fields. These products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics.
New accounting standards
Recently adopted accounting standards
ASU 2023-07: Segment Reporting (Topic 280) – Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
The Company adopted the standard in the fiscal year 2024, which requires expanded annual and interim disclosures for significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss. The standard was applied retrospectively to all periods presented in the financial statements. As this accounting standard only impacts disclosures, it did not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 17 for the required disclosures.
Recently issued accounting standards
Not adopted as of December 29, 2024
ASU 2024-03: Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
This update requires disclosure of disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items on an annual and interim basis. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. As this accounting standard only impacts disclosures, it will not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
ASU 2023-09: Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
This update standardizes categories for the effective tax rate reconciliation, requires disaggregation of income taxes and additional income tax-related disclosures. This update is required to be effective for the Company for fiscal periods beginning after