to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and any applicable listing standards. A copy of this policy is filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 19.
Item 11. Executive compensation
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions Item 1. Election of Directors – Director compensation, and Item 2. Compensation Committee report, Compensation discussion and analysis and Executive compensation tables in the Proxy Statement.
The material incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption Compensation Committee report in the Proxy Statement shall be deemed furnished, and not filed, in this Report and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a result of this furnishing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.
Item 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption Stock ownership in the Proxy Statement; and Note 16 Common stock, stock option plans and stock compensation agreements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report.
Equity compensation plan information
The following table provides certain information as of December 29, 2024 concerning the shares of the Company’s Common Stock that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans.
(1)
Included in this category are the following equity compensation plans which have been approved by the Company’s shareholders: 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan.
(2)
This column excludes shares reflected under the column “Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights.”
(3)
The 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan expired April 26, 2022. All options and restricted shares granted subsequent to that date were under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan.
Item 13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions Item 1. Election of Directors - Related person transactions & Director independence in the Proxy Statement.
Item 14. Principal accountant fees and services
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption Item 3. Ratification of appointment of independent registered public accounting firm in the Proxy Statement.
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibits and financial statement schedules
The following documents are filed as part of this report:
1.
Financial Statements
Consolidated balance sheets at end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023
Consolidated statements of earnings for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022