Cyprus each filed a certification of voting results, indicating that their respective Chapter 11 plans had been accepted by each voting class of talc claimants. A joint confirmation hearing for the plans is scheduled for April 2025.
In February 2018, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain named officers in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, alleging that the Company violated the federal securities laws by failing to disclose alleged asbestos contamination in body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S Baby Powder, and that purchasers of the Company’s shares suffered losses as a result. In April 2019, the Company moved to dismiss the complaint. In December 2019, the Court denied, in part, the motion to dismiss. The case was stayed in May 2022 pursuant to the LTL Bankruptcy Case and was reopened in May 2023. In December 2023, the Court granted Plaintiff’s motion for class certification. In January 2024, Defendants filed a petition with the Third Circuit under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(f) for permission to appeal the Court’s order granting class certification, and in February 2024, the Third Circuit granted Defendants' petition. In February 2024, fact discovery closed, the Court ordered the parties to mediate, and stayed the case pending mediation. In May 2024, the parties participated in an unsuccessful mediation. In June 2024, at the parties' request, the Court lifted the stay for certain limited discovery, but otherwise kept the stay in place pending a decision from the Third Circuit on the 23(f) petition. Briefing on the 23(f) petition was completed in September 2024, and in March 2025, the Third Circuit heard oral argument.
Matters concerning opioids
Beginning in 2014 and continuing to the present, the Company and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JPI), along with other pharmaceutical companies, have been named in close to
3,500
lawsuits related to the marketing of opioids, including DURAGESIC, NUCYNTA and NUCYNTA ER. Similar lawsuits have also been filed by private plaintiffs and organizations, including but not limited to the following: individual plaintiffs on behalf of children born with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS); hospitals; and health insurers/payors.
To date, the Company and JPI have litigated two of the cases to judgment and have prevailed in both, either at trial or on appeal.
In July 2021, the Company announced finalization of an agreement to settle the state and subdivision claims for up to $
5.0
billion. Approximately
70
% of the all-in settlement was paid by the end of fiscal first quarter 2025. A few government entities opted out of the settlement. In September 2024, the Company reached an agreement to resolve the hospital cases.
The Company and JPI continue to defend the cases brought by the remaining government entity litigants as well as the cases brought by private litigants. In total, there are under
35
remaining opioid cases against the