agreement, and a tax matters agreement. Under the TSAs, Johnson & Johnson will provide Kenvue various services and, similarly, Kenvue will provide Johnson & Johnson various services. The provision of services under the TSAs generally will terminate within
24
months following the Kenvue IPO. Additionally, Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue entered into TMAs pursuant to which Johnson & Johnson will manufacture and supply to Kenvue certain products and, similarly, Kenvue will manufacture and supply to Johnson & Johnson certain products. The terms of the TMAs range in initial duration from
3
months to
5
years.
Amounts related to the TSAs and TMAs included in the consolidated statements of earnings were immaterial for both fiscal years 2024 and 2023. Additionally, the amounts due to and from Kenvue for the above agreements was not material as of December 31, 2023.
The results of the Consumer Health business (previously reported as a separate business segment), as well as the associated gain, have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Company’s consolidated statements of earnings as Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes. As a result of the separation of Kenvue, Johnson & Johnson incurred separation costs of $
145
million in the fiscal year 2024, which was included in Net Earnings and incurred separation costs of $
986
million and $
1,089
million in the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively, which were included in Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes. These costs were primarily related to external advisory, legal, accounting, contractor and other
incremental costs directly related to separation activities. In the fiscal 2022, as part of the planned separation of the Company’s Consumer Health business, the Company recognized approximately $
0.5
billion in net incremental tax costs.
Details of Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes are as follows:
(1)
The Company ceased consolidating the results of the Consumer Health business on August 23, 2023, the date of the exchange offer, but continued to reflect any separation costs incurred as part of discontinued operations through the end of the fiscal fourth quarter.
The following table presents depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures of the discontinued operations related to Kenvue:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Johnson & Johnson
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 29, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have