schedules and employee assistance programs.
Health, wellness and safety
The Company’s investment in employee health, well-being and safety is built on its conviction that advancing health for humanity starts with advancing the health of its employees. With the right awareness, focus, practices and tools, the Company works to ensure that all its employees around the world, as well as contingent workers, contractors and visitors to the Company's sites, can work safely. The Company has continuously expanded health and well-being programs throughout the Company and across the globe, incorporating new thinking and technologies to keep its offerings best-in-class and to help employees achieve their personal health goals. The programs and practices the Company provides—physical, mental, emotional and financial—help promote holistic employee health. The Company continues to address our employees needs through J&J Flex, a hybrid model that empowers the Company’s office-based employees to find a balance of in-person and remote work, while preserving the Company's culture and need for face-to-face engagement and leadership.
Available information
The Company’s main corporate website address is
www.jnj.com
. The Company makes its SEC filings available on the Company’s website at
www.investor.jnj.com/financials/sec-filings
, as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. The Company's SEC filings are also available at the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov
.
Investors and the public should note that the Company also announces information through its press releases and media statements at
www.jnj.com/mediacenter
,
investor.jnj.com
and
www.factsabouttalc.com
. We use these websites to communicate with investors and the public about our products, litigation and other matters. It is possible that the information we post to these websites could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors and others interested in the Company to review the information posted to these websites in conjunction with
www.jnj.com
, the Company's SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts.
In addition, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, Amended and Restated By-Laws, the written charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation & Benefits Committee, the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee, the Regulatory Compliance & Sustainability Committee, and the Science & Technology Committee of the Board of Directors, and the Company’s Principles of Corporate Governance, Code of Business Conduct (for employees), Code of Business Conduct & Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers, and other corporate governance materials are available on the Company's website at
www.investor.jnj.com/governance/corporate-governance-overview
and will be provided without charge to any shareholder submitting a written request, as provided above. The information on
www.jnj.com