financial statements over the service period. The input assumptions used in determining fair value are the expected life, expected volatility, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. For performance share units, the fair market value is calculated for the two component goals at the date of grant: adjusted operational earnings per share and relative total shareholder return. The fair values for the earnings per share goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the fair market value of the shares at the time of the award, discounted for dividends, which are not paid on the performance share units during the vesting period. The fair value for the relative total shareholder return goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo valuation model. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
New accounting pronouncements
Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of December 29, 2024.
Economic and market factors
The Company is aware that its products are used in an environment where, for more than a decade, policymakers, consumers and businesses have expressed concerns about the rising cost of healthcare. In response to these concerns, the Company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly. For the period 2014 - 2024, in the U.S., the weighted average compound annual growth rate of the Company’s net price increases for healthcare products (prescription and over-the-counter drugs, hospital and professional products) was below the U.S. Consumer Price Index (CPI).
The Company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges. The Company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. Inflation rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way companies operate. The Company has accounted for operations in Argentina, Venezuela, Turkey and Egypt (beginning in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024) as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. This did not have a material impact to the Company's results in the period. In the face of increasing costs, the Company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases.
In July 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen) filed litigation against the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services as well as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services challenging the constitutionality of the IRA's Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The litigation requests a declaration that the IRA violates Janssen’s rights under the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and therefore that Janssen is not subject to the IRA’s