Court. Additional cases have been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United States.
Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state courts in the United States.
In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh products, as well as a number of unfiled claims. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed pending effectuation of the proposed settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements.
The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System products.
Innovative Medicine
RISPERDAL
Claims for personal injury have been made against Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company arising out of the use of RISPERDAL, and related compounds, indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia, acute manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and irritability associated with autism. Lawsuits primarily have been filed in state courts in Pennsylvania, California, and Missouri. Other actions are pending in various courts in the United States and Canada. The Company continues to defend RISPERDAL product liability lawsuits, and continues to evaluate potential costs related to those claims. The Company has successfully defended a number of these cases but there have been verdicts against the Company, including a verdict in October 2019 of $
8.0
billion of punitive damages related to one plaintiff, which the trial judge reduced to $
6.8
million in January 2020. In September 2021, the Company entered into a settlement in principle with the counsel representing plaintiffs in this matter and in substantially all of the outstanding cases in the United States. The costs associated with this and other settlements are reflected in the Company's accruals.
ELMIRON
Claims for personal injury have been made against a number of Johnson & Johnson companies, including Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company, arising out of the use of ELMIRON, a prescription medication indicated for the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis. These lawsuits, which allege that ELMIRON contributes to the development of permanent retinal injury and vision loss, have been filed in both state and federal courts across the United States. In