may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries.
Tabl
e of Contents
A change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. Changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.
The Company may be further impacted by the imposition of tariffs, trade protection measures or other policies adopted by any jurisdiction that favor domestic companies and technologies over foreign competitors.
The Company faces various worldwide health care changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that include health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions and reimbursement of health care products.
Changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing healthcare insurance coverage, may continue to impact the Company’s businesses.
The Company faces regular intellectual property challenges from third parties, including generic and biosimilar manufacturers, seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of key pharmaceutical products prior to the expiration of the applicable patents. These challengers file Abbreviated New Drug Applications or abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the Company’s patents. In the event the Company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue may be introduced to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. There is also risk that one or more competitors could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one or more valid patents are in place.
Item 3 — Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
There has been no material change in the Company’s assessment of its sensitivity to market risk since its presentation set forth in Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024.
Item 4 — Controls and procedures
Disclosure controls and procedures. At the end of the period covered by this report, the