where it operates. The Company conducts global surveys that offer its employees the ability to provide feedback and valuable insight to help address potential human resources risks and identify opportunities to improve. In 2024, 94% of global employees across 73 countries participated in Our Credo Survey which was offered in 36 languages.
Growth and development
To lead in the changing healthcare landscape, it is crucial that the Company continue to attract and retain top talent. In 2024, the Company's voluntary turnover rate was 6.3%. The Company believes that its employees must be equipped with the right knowledge and skills and be provided with opportunities to grow and develop in their careers. Accordingly, professional development programs and educational resources are available to all employees. The Company's objective is to foster a learning culture that helps shape each person’s unique career path while creating a robust pipeline of talent to deliver on the Company’s long-term strategies. In furtherance of this objective, the Company deploys a global approach to ensure development is for everyone, regardless of where they are on their career journey. To prioritize learning, the Company recently held Johnson & Johnson's second Global Learning Day. Employees were encouraged to set aside a full day to explore skill-building courses on J&J Learn, the new state-of-the-art learning platform.
Our workforce
As stated in Our Credo, we are responsible to our employees who work with us throughout the world. The Company is committed to cultivating, fostering and advancing an inclusive, credo-based work environment for employees that recognizes and rewards based on merit. The Company is dedicated to the values in Our Credo and strives to meet the needs of its employees and stakeholders through compliance with law and the following evidence based strategies:
•
Sustain a global workforce of individuals with many different backgrounds, abilities, cultures and perspectives
•
Maintain a work environment where each person’s dignity is respected and they have an opportunity to advance based on their merit
•
Drive innovation and growth with our business to serve markets around the world
Our approach with respect to our workforce is guided by applicable laws, internal and external insights, global best practices and employee feedback.
Compensation and benefits
As part of the Company's total rewards philosophy, the Company offers competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain top talent. The Company is committed to fair treatment in its compensation and benefits for employees at all levels. The Company observes legal minimum wage provisions and exceeds them where possible. The Company's total rewards offerings include an array of programs to support its employees' well-being, including annual performance incentive opportunities, pension and retirement savings programs, health and welfare benefits, paid time off, leave programs, flexible work