fiscal 2024 were
not
material.
On May 31, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Shockwave Medical Inc. (SWAV)(Shockwave), a leading, first-to-market provider of innovative intravascular lithotripsy (IVL) technology for the treatment of calcified coronary artery disease (CAD) and peripheral artery disease (PAD) in an all-cash merger transaction. The Company acquired all the outstanding shares of Shockwave’s common stock for $
335.00
per share through a merger of Shockwave with a subsidiary of the Company. The results of operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the acquisition date.
Details of the fair value amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the purchase date and at the end of fiscal year 2024, which includes measurement period adjustments, are included in the table below. As the acquisition occurred in May 2024, the Company is still finalizing the allocation of the purchase price to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price included in the current period balance sheet is based on the best estimate of management and is preliminary and subject to change.
*    Represents the convertible debt which was subsequently paid in the fiscal second quarter of 2024.
**    Includes $
0.2
billion of equity awards
The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal 2024 were $
0.9
billion of which $
0.4
billion was related to the fair value of the inventory step-up and was recorded in Cost of products sold and $
0.5
billion primarily related to equity awards and was recorded in Other (income) expense. The amortizable intangible assets were primarily comprised of already in-market CAD and PAD IVL products with the average weighted lives of
14
years. The IPR&D assets were valued for technology programs for unapproved products. The value of the IPR&D was calculated using a probability-adjusted cash flow projection discounted for the risk inherent in such projects with the weighted average probability of success factors of approximately
50
%. The discount rate applied was
9.0
%.
On March 7, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Ambrx Biopharma, Inc., (Ambrx), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a proprietary synthetic biology technology platform to design and develop next-generation antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), in an all-cash merger transaction for a total equity value of approximately $
2.0
billion, or $
1.8
billion net of cash acquired. The Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Ambrx’s common stock for $
28.00
per share through a merger of Ambrx with a subsidiary of the Company. The results of operations were included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $
2.3
billion,