table sets forth information related to the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets at fiscal year-end 2024 and 2023 for the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and other post-retirement plans:
The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. Qualified Plans to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International Plans are funded in accordance with local regulations. Additional discretionary contributions are made when deemed appropriate to meet the long-term obligations of the plans. For certain plans, funding is not a common practice, as funding provides no economic benefit. Consequently, the Company has several pension plans that are not funded.
In 2024, the Company contributed $
122
million and $
107
million to its U.S. and international pension plans, respectively.
The following table displays the funded status of the Company's U.S. Qualified & Non-Qualified pension plans and international funded and unfunded pension plans at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively:
Plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets have an accumulated benefit obligation, projected benefit obligation and plan assets of $
5.8
billion, $
6.1
billion and $
3.2
billion, respectively, at the end of 2024, and $
5.8
billion, $
6.1
billion and $
3.1
billion, respectively, at the end of 2023.
The following table displays the projected future benefit payments from the Company’s retirement and other benefit plans:
The following table displays the projected future minimum contributions to the unfunded retirement plans. These amounts do not include any discretionary contributions that the Company may elect to make in the future.
Each pension plan is overseen by a local committee or board that is responsible for the overall administration and investment of the pension plans. In determining investment policies, strategies and goals, each committee or board considers factors including, local pension rules and regulations; local tax regulations; availability of investment vehicles (separate accounts, commingled accounts, insurance funds, etc.); funded status of the plans; ratio of actives to retirees; duration of liabilities; and other relevant factors including: diversification, liquidity of local markets and liquidity of base currency. A majority of the Company’s pension funds are open to new entrants and are expected to be on-going plans. Permitted investments are primarily liquid and/or listed, with little reliance on illiquid and non-traditional investments such as hedge funds.
The Company’s retirement plan asset allocation at the end of 2024 and 2023 and target allocations for 2025 are as follows:
Determination of fair value of plan assets
The Plan has an established and well-documented process for determining fair values. Fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based upon models that primarily use, as inputs, market-based or