primarily non-amortizable intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $
1.9
billion, goodwill for $
0.3
billion and liabilities assumed of $
0.5
billion, which includes deferred taxes of $
0.4
billion. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period. A probability of success factor ranging from
40
% to
70
% was used in the fair value calculation to reflect inherent regulatory and commercial risk of the IPR&D. The discount rate applied was approximately
17
%. The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal year 2024 were not material.
During the fiscal year 2023, the Company did not make any acquisitions that qualified as a business combination.
During the fiscal year 2022, certain businesses were acquired for $
17.7
billion, net of cash acquired. The fiscal year 2022 acquisitions primarily included Abiomed, Inc. (Abiomed). The remaining acquisitions were not material.
On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Abiomed, a leading, first-to-market provider of cardiovascular medical technology with a first-in-kind portfolio for the treatment of coronary artery disease and heart failure which also has an extensive innovation pipeline of life-saving technologies. The transaction broadens the Company’s position as a growing cardiovascular innovator, advancing the standard of care in heart failure and recovery, one of healthcare’s largest areas of unmet need. The results of operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the date of the acquisition. The acquisition was completed through a tender offer for all outstanding shares. The consideration paid in the acquisition consisted of an upfront payment of $
380.00
per share in cash, amounting to $
17.1
billion, net of cash acquired, as well as a non-tradeable contingent value right (“CVR”) entitling the holder to receive up to $
35.00
per share in cash (which with respect to the CVRs total approximately $
1.6
billion in the aggregate) if certain commercial and clinical milestones are achieved. The corresponding enterprise value (without taking into account the CVRs) of approximately $
16.5
billion includes cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities acquired.
The milestones of the CVR consist of:
a.
$
17.50
per share, payable if net sales for Abiomed products exceeds $
3.7
billion during Johnson & Johnson’s fiscal second quarter of 2027 through fiscal first quarter of 2028, or if this threshold is not met during this period and is subsequently met during any rolling four quarter period up to the end of Johnson & Johnson’s fiscal first quarter of 2029, $
8.75
per share;
b.
$
7.50
per share payable upon FDA premarket application approval of the use of Impella® products in ST-elevated myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients without