Inc., and Actelion Clinical Research, Inc. (collectively Actelion) in United States District Court for the District of Maryland and United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints allege that Actelion violated state and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by allegedly refusing to supply generic pharmaceutical manufacturers with samples of TRACLEER. TRACLEER is subject to a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which imposes restrictions on distribution of the product. In January 2019, the plaintiffs dismissed the District of Columbia case and filed a consolidated complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. In September 2024, the district court granted plaintiff's motion for class certification. Trial is scheduled for March 2026.
In December 2023, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and Janssen Biotech Inc. (collectively Janssen) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The complaint alleges that Janssen violated federal and state antitrust laws and other state laws by delaying biosimilar competition with STELARA through Janssen's enforcement of patent rights covering STELARA. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In February 2024, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which Janssen moved to dismiss in March 2024. In August 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part Janssen's motion to dismiss.
In December 2018, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen Oncology, Inc., Janssen Research & Development, LLC, and Johnson & Johnson (collectively, Janssen) were served with a qui tam complaint on behalf of the United States, certain states, and the District of Columbia. The complaint alleges that Janssen violated the federal False Claims Act and state law when providing pricing information for ZYTIGA to the government in connection with direct sales and reimbursement programs. At this time, the federal and state governments have declined to intervene. In December 2021, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey denied Janssen's motion to dismiss.
20.
Restructuring
In fiscal 2023, the Company commenced restructuring actions within its Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments. The amounts and details of the current year programs are included below.
In fiscal 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D) investment within its Innovative Medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to patients. This resulted in the exit of certain programs within certain therapeutic areas. The R&D program exits are primarily in infectious diseases and vaccines including the discontinuation of its respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) adult vaccine program, hepatitis and HIV development. Pre-tax Restructuring expenses of $
0.1
billion in the fiscal year 2024, included the termination of partnered and