security laws and regulations around the world are examples of such increased regulation. Within the U.S., an increasing number of U.S. States have enacted comprehensive privacy laws, and federal regulators (e.g., the U.S. FDA, FTC and HHS) continue to stress the intersection of health and privacy as a compliance and enforcement priority. In the EU, multiple directives and laws (including NIS2, EHDS, the Data Act, the Cyber Resilience Act, and the AI Act) are rapidly changing privacy and cybersecurity compliance requirements while introducing new enforcement risks. In addition, China has introduced broad personal information protection and data security regulations, with more anticipated, thereby increasing China’s scrutiny of company compliance and data transfer practices. With other jurisdictions enacting similar privacy laws, local data protection authorities will force greater accountability on the collection, access and use of personal data in the healthcare industry. These laws can also restrict transfers of data across borders, potentially impacting how data-driven health care solutions are developed and deployed globally in a compliant manner. Moreover, as a result of the broad scale release and availability of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies such as generative AI, a global trend towards more comprehensive and nuanced regulation to ensure the ethical use, privacy, and security of AI is underway that includes standards for transparency, accountability, and fairness, which will require compliance developments or enhancements.
The regulatory agencies under whose purview the Company operates have administrative powers that may subject it to actions such as product withdrawals, recalls, seizure of products and other civil and criminal sanctions. In some cases, the Company’s subsidiaries may deem it advisable to initiate product recalls regardless of whether it has been required or directed to.
The U.S. FDA and regulatory agencies around the globe are also increasing their enforcement activities. If the U.S. FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our pharmaceutical products or medical technologies are ineffective or pose an unreasonable safety risk, the U.S. FDA could ban such products, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such products, withdraw approval for such products, refuse to grant pending applications for marketing authorization or require certificates of foreign governments for exports, and/or require us to notify health professionals and others that the products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. The U.S. FDA may also assess civil or criminal penalties against us, our officers or employees and impose operating restrictions on a company-wide basis, or enjoin and/or restrain certain conduct resulting in violations of applicable law. The U.S. FDA may also recommend