,
investor.jnj.com
and
www.factsabouttalc.com
is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this Report or incorporated into any other filings the Company makes with the SEC.
Item 1A. Risk factors
An investment in the Company’s common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. The Company seeks to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and many are outside of the Company’s control and cannot therefore be eliminated. In addition to the other information in this report and the Company’s other filings with the SEC, investors should consider carefully the factors set forth below. Investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company’s business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way.
Risks related to our business, industry and operations
The Company’s businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the Company’s earnings.
The Company faces substantial competition in its two operating segments and in all geographic markets. The Company’s businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. The Company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements with third parties. Competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs and onerous agreement terms for the Company. Competitors’ development of more effective or less costly products, and/or their ability to secure patent and other intellectual property rights and successfully market products ahead of the Company, could negatively impact sales of the Company’s existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market despite significant prior investment in the related product development. The Company may also experience operational and financial risk in connection with acquisitions if we are unable to fully identify potential risks and liabilities associated with acquired businesses or products, successfully integrate operations and employees, and successfully identify and realize synergies with existing businesses while containing acquisition-related strain on our management, operations and financial resources.
For the Company’s Innovative Medicine businesses, loss of patent exclusivity for a product often is followed by a substantial reduction in sales as competitors gain regulatory approval for generic, biosimilar and other competing products and enter