70,733
, respectively.
18.
Acquisitions and divestitures
Subsequent to the fiscal year end 2024, the Company announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (Nasdaq: ITCI), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapeutics for central nervous system (CNS) disorders, for $
132.00
per share in cash for a total equity value of approximately $
14.6
billion. The Company expects to fund the transaction through a combination of cash on hand and debt. The closing of the transaction is expected to occur later this year subject to applicable regulatory approvals, approval by Intra-Cellular Therapies’ stockholders and other customary closing conditions for a transaction of this type. The results of operations will be included in the Innovative Medicine segment beginning on the acquisition date.
Business combinations
Acquisitions of a business are accounted for as business combinations applying the acquisition method of accounting. Under this method, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets, where applicable, is recorded as goodwill. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in the Company’s financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition.
During the fiscal year 2024, certain businesses were acquired for $
15.1
billion, net of cash acquired. The fiscal year 2024 acquisitions primarily included; Ambrx Biopharma, Inc., Shockwave Medical Inc., and Proteologix, Inc. The remaining acquisitions were not material.
On June 20, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Proteologix, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company focused on bispecific antibodies for immune-mediated diseases, for approximately $
0.8
billion net of cash acquired, with potential for an additional milestone payment. The results of operations are included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $
1.2
billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $
0.9
billion, goodwill for $
0.3
billion, and $
0.3
billion of liabilities assumed which included $
0.1
billion related to a contingent consideration. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period. A probability of success factor ranging from
30
% to
45
% was used in the fair value calculation to reflect inherent regulatory and commercial risk of the IPR&D. The discount rate applied was approximately
16
%. The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the