settlement program.
Ethicon Pelvic Mesh
Claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company arising out of Ethicon’s pelvic mesh devices used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. The Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and additional cases. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States had been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia. In March 2021, the MDL Court entered an order closing the MDL. The MDL Court has remanded cases for trial to the jurisdictions where the case was originally
Tabl
e of Contents
filed and additional pelvic mesh lawsuits have been filed, and remain, outside of the MDL. The Company has settled or otherwise resolved the majority of the United States cases and the estimated costs associated with these settlements and the remaining cases are reflected in the Company’s accruals. In addition, class actions and individual personal injury cases or claims seeking damages for alleged injury resulting from Ethicon’s pelvic mesh devices have been commenced in various countries outside of the United States, including claims and cases in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Ireland, and class actions in Israel, Australia, Canada and South Africa. The vast majority of these actions are now resolved. The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon’s pelvic mesh products.
Ethicon Physiomesh
Following a June 2016 worldwide market withdrawal of Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh (Physiomesh), claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company alleging personal injury arising out of the use of this hernia mesh device. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. A multi-county litigation (MCL) also has been formed in New Jersey state court and assigned to Atlantic County for cases pending in New Jersey. In addition to the matters in the MDL and MCL, there are additional lawsuits pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, which are part of the MDL for polypropylene mesh devices manufactured by C.R. Bard, Inc., and lawsuits pending in two New Jersey MCLs formed for Proceed/Proceed Ventral Patch and Prolene Hernia systems, and lawsuits pending outside the United States. In May 2021, Ethicon and lead counsel for the plaintiffs entered into a term sheet to resolve approximately
3,600
Physiomesh cases (covering approximately
4,300
plaintiffs) pending in the MDL and MCL at that time. A master settlement agreement (MSA) was entered into in September 2021 and includes
3,729
cases in the MDL and MCL. Other than a small number of cases still pending in the MDL, all Physiomesh matters