decline, due to biosimilar competition, was an approximate negative 8.1% on the worldwide, U.S. and international Innovative Medicine segment operational sales.
Major Innovative Medicine therapeutic area sales — Fiscal First Quarter Ended
*percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful
Tabl
e of Contents
(1)
Previously in Other Oncology
(2)
Opsynvi was previously in Other Pulmonary Hypertension
(3)
Includes the Covid-19 Vaccine in 2024
Oncology products achieved operational sales growth of 20.4% as compared to the same period a year ago. Strong sales of DARZALEX (daratumumab) were driven by continued share gains and market growth. Growth of ERLEADA (apalutamide) was due to continued share gains and market growth partially offset by the impact of Medicare Part D redesign (Part D). Increased sales of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) were driven by continued share gains and capacity expansion. Additionally, sales from the ongoing launches of TECVAYLI (teclistamab-cqyv), TALVEY (talquetamab-tgvs) and RYBREVANT (amivantamab)/LAZCLUZE (lazertinib) contributed to the growth. Growth was partially offset by ZYTIGA (abiraterone acetate) due to loss of exclusivity and IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) declines due to competitive pressures and the impact of Part D.
Immunology products experienced an operational decline of 10.9% as compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to the  decline of STELARA (ustekinumab) sales driven by the impact of biosimilar competition and Part D. The growth of TREMFYA (guselkumab) was due to share gains and market growth partially offset by the impact of Part D. The SIMPONI/SIMPONI ARIA sales increase was primarily driven by the Merck, Sharp & Dohme return of rights in Europe in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024. The REMICADE (infliximab) sales increase was due to a one-time favorable patient mix, market growth, and the Merck, Sharp & Dohme return of rights in Europe, partially offset biosimilar competition.
Sales of STELARA in the United States were approximately $6.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Third parties have filed abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of STELARA. The Company has settled certain litigation under the Biosimilar Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009. According to patent settlement and license agreements, the Company expects continued launches of biosimilar versions of STELARA in Europe and the United States in 2025 which will impact the Company’s sales of STELARA.
Neuroscience products experienced an operational decline of 7.0% as compared to the same period a year ago. The decline was driven by INVEGA SUSTENNA / XEPLION / INVEGA TRINZA / TREVICTA primarily due to the impact of Part D and Other Neuroscience primarily due to RISPERDAL/RISPERDAL CONSTA and the PONVORY divestiture. The decline was partially offset by the growth of SPRAVATO (esketamine) driven by the ongoing launch and increased physician and patient demand.
Pulmonary