risks associated with female consumers’ use of talc contained in JOHNSON’S Baby Powder and JOHNSON’S Shower to Shower (a product divested in 2012). The Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.
In January 2020, the State of New Mexico filed a consumer protection case alleging that the Company deceptively marketed and sold its talcum powder products by making misrepresentations about the safety of the products and the presence of carcinogens, including asbestos. The Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.
Forty-two states and the District of Columbia commenced a joint investigation into the Company’s marketing of its talcum powder products. In January 2024, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the multi-state group of state Attorneys General, subject to ongoing negotiation of non-monetary terms. In June 2024, the settlements were finalized.
In October 2021, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring (the 2021 Corporate Restructuring). As a result of that restructuring, Old JJCI ceased to exist and three new entities were created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A&M LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company and a direct subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor’s direct parent, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey company (New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI’s assets and became solely responsible for the talc-related liabilities of Old
Tabl
e of Contents
JJCI, including all liabilities related in any way to injury or damage, or alleged injury or damage, sustained or incurred in the purchase or use of, or exposure to, talc, including talc contained in any product, or to the risk of, or responsibility for, any such damage or injury, except for any liabilities for which the exclusive remedy is provided under a workers’ compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities).
In October 2021, notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, the Debtor filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Charlotte Division, seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL Bankruptcy Case). All litigation against LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance companies, and certain other parties (the Protected Parties) was stayed. The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions in March 2022.
The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and the extension of the stay to the Protected Parties. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit