determinable fair values. The Company has elected to measure equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments:
(1)
Recorded in Other (income)/expense, net
(2)
Other includes impact of currency
Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy was established to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 inputs having the highest priority and Level 3 inputs having the lowest.
The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations.
The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value:
Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
Level 2 — Significant other observable inputs.
Level 3 — Significant unobservable inputs.
Tabl
e of Contents
The Company’s significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of March 30, 2025 and December 29, 2024 were as follows:
Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration for the fiscal first quarters ended March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(1)
2024 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity investments of $
451
million, which are classified as Level 1 and contingent consideration of $
1,217
million, classified as Level 3.
(2)
Includes cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps.
Tabl
e of Contents
(3)
Classified as non-current other assets.
(4)