(Committee), and certain named officers and employees, in United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In May 2024, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint against the Company and the Committee. The complaint alleges that defendants breached fiduciary duties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) by allegedly mismanaging the Company’s prescription-drug benefits program. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In January 2025, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss.
MedTech
In October 2020, Fortis Advisors LLC (Fortis), in its capacity as representative of the former stockholders of Auris Health Inc. (Auris), filed a complaint against the Company, Ethicon Inc., and certain named officers and employees (collectively, Ethicon) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges breach of contract, fraud, and other causes of action against Ethicon in connection with Ethicon’s acquisition of Auris in 2019. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In December 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss certain causes of action. All claims against the individual defendants were dismissed. The trial occurred in January 2024. In September 2024, the court found liability with respect to certain claims and no liability with respect to other claims. The Company has appealed the decision.
In October 2019, Innovative Health, LLC filed a complaint against Biosense Webster, Inc (BWI) in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges that certain of BWI's business practices and contractual terms violate the antitrust laws of the United States and the State of California by restricting competition in the sale of High Density Mapping Catheters and Ultrasound Catheters. Trial is scheduled for April 2025.
Innovative Medicine
In June 2019, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued a Civil Investigative Demand to the Company and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether Janssen’s REMICADE contracting practices violate federal antitrust laws. The Company has produced documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demand. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding its inquiry.
In February 2022, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued Civil Investigative Demands to Johnson & Johnson and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether advertising practices for REMICADE violate federal law. Janssen has produced documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demands. In January 2025, the FTC Bureau of Consumer Protection informed Janssen that it was closing its investigation.
In October 2018, two separate putative class actions were filed against Actelion Pharmaceutical Ltd., Actelion Pharmaceuticals U.S.,