Hypertension products experienced an operational decline of 1.2% as compared to the same period a year ago. Sales growth of OPSUMIT (macitentan)/ OPSYNVI (macitentan/tadalafil) were driven by share gains and market growth partially offset by the impact of Part D redesign. The sales decline of UPTRAVI (selexipag) was driven by the impact of Part D partially offset by market growth.
Infectious disease products achieved operational sales growth of 0.1% as compared to the same period a year ago primarily driven by EDURANT/rilpivirine partially offset by declines across the portfolio including COVID-19 vaccine revenue in Other Infectious Diseases.
Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other products achieved operational growth of 23.4% as compared to the same period a year ago. The growth of XARELTO (rivaroxaban) sales was primarily driven by one-time favorable patient mix and the impact of Part D.
The Company maintains a policy that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location other than the billing location. This policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340B covered entities for most of the Company’s drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. Both grantee and non-grantee covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. The Company has been and will continue to offer 340B discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited by the 340B statute. The 340B Drug Pricing Program is a U.S. federal government program requiring drug manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities.
Tabl
e of Contents
MedTech
MedTech segment sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 were $8.0 billion, an increase of 2.5% as compared to the same period a year ago, which included operational growth of 4.1% and a negative currency impact of 1.6%. U.S. MedTech sales increased 5.1%. International MedTech sales decreased by 0.2%, including operational growth of 3.0% offset by a negative currency impact of 3.2%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 2.8%, primarily related to the Shockwave acquisition.
Major MedTech franchise sales — Fiscal First Quarter Ended
(1)
Acquired on May 31, 2024
*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful
The Surgery franchise achieved operational sales growth of 1.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter. The operational growth in Advanced Surgery was primarily due to the strength of the portfolio and recovery from U.S. supply challenges in Biosurgery as well as commercial execution in Biosurgery and Endocutters and strategic price actions in Endocutters. The growth was partially offset by competitive pressures in Energy and Endocutters as well as the negative