prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our products and limit our ability to obtain future clearances, classifications or approvals, and could result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. Equivalent enforcement mechanisms exist in different countries in which we conduct business.
The costs of human healthcare have been and continue to be a subject of study, investigation and regulation by governmental agencies and legislative bodies around the world. In the U.S., attention has been focused by states, regulatory agencies and Congress on prices, profits, overutilization and the quality and costs of healthcare generally. Laws and regulations have been enacted to require adherence to strict compliance standards and prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. There is increased focus on interactions and financial relationships between healthcare companies and healthcare providers. Various state and federal transparency laws and regulations require disclosures of payments and other transfers of value made to certain healthcare practitioners, including physicians, teaching hospitals, and certain non-physician practitioners. Federal and foreign laws governing international business practices require strict compliance with anti-bribery standards and certain prohibitions with respect to payments to any foreign government official. Payors and Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) are a potent force in the marketplace, and increased attention is being paid to the impact of PBM practices on healthcare cost and access in the U.S.
Our business has been and continues to be affected by federal and state legislation that alters the pricing, coverage, and reimbursement landscape. At the federal level, in August 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), which includes provisions that effectively authorize the government to establish prices for certain high-spend single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed by the Medicare program, starting in 2026 for Medicare Part D drugs and 2028 for Medicare Part B drugs. On August 29, 2023, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) published the first “Selected Drug” list, which includes XARELTO and STELARA as well as IMBRUVICA, which is developed in collaboration and co-commercialized in the U.S. with Pharmacyclics LLC, an AbbVie company. The Selected Drug list also included other medicines targeting disease states that are prevalent in the Medicare population. Although CMS published an explanation for how it determined prices for selected drugs in December 2024, uncertainty remains as to the methodology used to determine these prices. The IRA specifies a ceiling price but not a minimum price for selected drugs and does not require CMS to use a specific framework for determining selected drug prices. In any event, we anticipate