certain other foreign jurisdictions in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024.
In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax audits go back to the year 2013. The Company believes it is possible that some tax audits may be completed over the next twelve months by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions. The Company anticipates a change in uncertain tax positions of approximately $
200
million in certain jurisdictions in the next twelve months due to the expected expiration of the statute of limitations. However, generally the Company is not able to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of any other future tax payments, audit settlements, or changes in uncertain tax positions.
The Company classifies liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties as long-term liabilities. Interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense. The Company recognized after tax interest expense of $
217
million, $
99
million and $
136
million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total amount of accrued interest was $
274
million and $
264
million in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively.
9.
Employee related obligations
At the end of fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, employee related obligations recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were:
Prepaid employee related obligations of $
6,046
million and $
4,992
million for 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
10.
Pensions and other benefit plans
The Company sponsors various retirement and pension plans, including defined benefit, defined contribution and termination indemnity plans, which cover most employees worldwide. The Company also provides post-retirement benefits, primarily healthcare, to all eligible U.S. retired employees and their dependents.
Many international employees are covered by government-sponsored programs and the cost to the Company is not significant.
In the U.S., non-union pension benefits for employees hired before January 1, 2015 are primarily based on the employee’s compensation during the last
five years
before retirement and the number of years of service (the Final Average Pay formula). U.S. pension benefits for employees hired after 2014, are calculated using a different formula based on employee compensation over total years of service (the Retirement Value formula).
In January 2021, the Company announced that, effective on January 1, 2026, all eligible U.S. non-union employees, regardless of hire date, will earn benefits under the Retirement Value formula. This amendment does not affect the benefits accrued under the Final Average Pay formula for service before January 1, 2026.
International subsidiaries have plans under which funds are deposited with trustees, annuities are purchased under group contracts, or reserves are provided.
The Company does not fund retiree