For example, changes to the U.S. FDA’s timing or requirements for approval or clearance of our products may have a negative impact on our ability to bring new products to market. New and changing laws, regulations, executive orders and other directives may also impose deadlines on the Company, or its third-party suppliers, manufacturers or other partners and providers, for which there may be insufficient time to implement changes to comply with such new regulations and may result in manufacturing delays or other supply chain constraints. If the Company is unable to identify ways to mitigate these delays or constraints, there may be an adverse effect on sales and access to our products.
The Company is subject to significant legal proceedings that can result in significant expenses, fines and reputational damage.
In the ordinary course of business, Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as product liability, patent disputes and claims that their product sales, marketing and pricing practices violate various antitrust, unfair trade practices and/or consumer protection laws. The Company’s more significant legal proceedings are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Litigation, in general, and securities, derivative action, class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. Some of these matters may include thousands of plaintiffs, may involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. For example, the Company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S Baby Powder. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses in these matters, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. The Company has been and could in the future be required to pay significant amounts as a result of settlements or judgments in these matters, potentially in excess of accruals, including matters where the Company could be held jointly and severally liable among other defendants. The resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period. The Company does not purchase third-party product liability insurance; however, the Company utilizes a wholly owned captive insurance company subject to certain limits.
Product reliability, safety and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation and cause reputational damage.
Product concerns, whether raised internally or by litigants, regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence, can result in safety alerts,