Court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss, with leave to replead. In March 2025, plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint.
MedTech
In October 2020, Fortis Advisors LLC (Fortis), in its capacity as representative of the former stockholders of Auris Health Inc. (Auris), filed a complaint against the Company, Ethicon Inc., and certain named officers and employees (collectively, Ethicon) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges breach of contract, fraud, and other causes of action against Ethicon in connection with Ethicon’s acquisition of Auris in 2019. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In December 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss certain causes of action. All claims against the individual defendants were dismissed. The trial occurred in January 2024. In September 2024, the court found liability with respect to certain claims and no liability with respect to other claims. The Company has appealed the decision.
In October 2019, Innovative Health, LLC filed a complaint against Biosense Webster, Inc (BWI) in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges that certain of BWI's business practices and contractual terms violate the antitrust laws of the United States and the State of California by restricting competition in the sale of High Density Mapping Catheters and Ultrasound Catheters. Trial is scheduled for April 2025.
Innovative Medicine
In June 2019, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued a Civil Investigative Demand to the Company and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether Janssen’s REMICADE contracting practices violate federal antitrust laws. The Company has produced documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demand. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding its inquiry.
In October 2018, two separate putative class actions were filed against Actelion Pharmaceutical Ltd., Actelion Pharmaceuticals U.S., Inc. and Actelion Clinical Research, Inc. (collectively Actelion) in United States District Court for the District of Maryland and United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints allege that Actelion violated state and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by allegedly refusing to supply generic pharmaceutical manufacturers with samples of TRACLEER. TRACLEER is subject to a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which imposes restrictions on distribution of the product. In January 2019, the plaintiffs dismissed the District of Columbia case and filed a consolidated complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. In September 2024, the district court granted plaintiff's motion for class certification. Trial is scheduled for March 2026.
In December 2023, a