of the Ingham decision by the United States Supreme Court, was denied. In June 2021, the Company paid the award, which, including interest, totaled approximately $
2.5
billion. The facts and circumstances, including the terms of the award, were unique to the Ingham decision and not representative of other claims brought against the Company. The Company continues to believe that it has strong legal grounds to contest the other talc verdicts that it has appealed. Notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, in certain circumstances the Company has settled cases.
In June 2014, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint against the Company alleging violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act by failing to disclose alleged health risks associated with female consumers’ use of talc contained in JOHNSON’S Baby Powder and JOHNSON’S Shower to Shower (a product divested in 2012). The Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.
In January 2020, the State of New Mexico filed a consumer protection case alleging that the Company deceptively marketed and sold its talcum powder products by making misrepresentations about the safety of the products and the presence of carcinogens, including asbestos. The Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.
Forty-two states and the District of Columbia commenced a joint investigation into the Company’s marketing of its talcum powder products. In January 2024, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the multi-state group of state Attorneys General, subject to ongoing negotiation of non-monetary terms. In June 2024, the settlements were finalized.
In October 2021, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring (the 2021 Corporate Restructuring). As a result of that restructuring, Old JJCI ceased to exist and three new entities were created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A&M LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company and a direct subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor’s direct parent, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey company (New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI’s assets and became solely responsible for the talc-related liabilities of Old JJCI, including all liabilities related in any way to injury or damage, or alleged injury or damage, sustained or incurred in the purchase or use of, or exposure to, talc, including talc contained in any product, or to the risk of, or responsibility for, any such damage or injury, except for any liabilities for which the exclusive remedy is provided under a workers’ compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities).
In October 2021, notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, the Debtor filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Charlotte Division, seeking relief