recoverability of the carrying value of these assets. If the asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset’s fair value and its carrying value. If quoted market prices are not available, the Company will estimate fair value using a discounted value of estimated future cash flows.
Revenue recognition
The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the goods to customers. The Company's global payment terms are typically between
30
to
90
days. Provisions for certain rebates, sales incentives, trade promotions, coupons, product returns, discounts to customers and governmental clawback provisions are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales. The liability is recognized within Accrued rebates, returns, and promotions on the consolidated balance sheet.
Product discounts granted are based on the terms of arrangements with direct, indirect and other market participants, as well as market conditions, including consideration of competitor pricing. Rebates and discounts are estimated based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis and projected market conditions in the various markets served. A significant portion of the liability related to rebates is from the sale of the Company's pharmaceutical products within the U.S., primarily the Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid programs, which amounted to $
12.3
billion and $
11.5
billion as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company evaluates market conditions for products or groups of products primarily through the analysis of wholesaler and other third-party sell-through and market research data, as well as internally generated information.
Sales returns are estimated and recorded based on historical sales and returns information. Products that have lost patent exclusivity, or that otherwise exhibit unusual sales or return patterns due to dating, competition or other marketing matters are specifically investigated and analyzed as part of the accounting for sales return accruals.
Sales returns allowances represent a reserve for products that may be returned due to expiration, destruction in the field, or in specific areas, product recall. In accordance with the Company’s accounting policies, the Company generally issues credit to customers for returned goods. The Company’s sales returns reserves are accounted for in accordance with the U.S. GAAP guidance for revenue recognition when right of return exists. Sales returns reserves are recorded at full sales value. Sales returns in the Innovative Medicine segment are almost exclusively not resalable. Sales returns for certain franchises in the MedTech segment are typically resalable but are not material. The Company infrequently exchanges products from inventory for returned