cardiogenic shock by January 1, 2028; and
c.
$
10.00
per share payable upon the first publication of a Class I recommendation for the use of Impella® products in high risk PCI or STEMI with or without cardiogenic shock within four years from their respective clinical endpoint publication dates, but in all cases no later than December 31, 2029.
During the fiscal fourth quarter of 2023, the Company finalized the purchase price allocation. In fiscal 2023, there were purchase price allocation adjustments netting to approximately $
0.2
billion with an offsetting increase to goodwill. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $
20.1
billion (net of $
0.3
billion cash acquired), primarily to goodwill for $
11.1
billion, amortizable intangible assets for $
6.6
billion, IPR&D for $
1.1
billion, marketable securities of $
0.6
billion and liabilities assumed of $
3.0
billion, which includes the fair value of the contingent consideration mentioned above for $
0.7
billion and deferred taxes of $
2.0
billion. The goodwill is primarily attributable to the commercial acceleration and expansion of the portfolio and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The contingent consideration was recorded in Other Liabilities and adjusted to fair value through the fiscal year end 2024 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The amortizable intangible assets were primarily comprised of already in-market products of the Impella® platform with an average weighted life of
14
years. The IPR&D assets were valued for technology programs for unapproved products. The value of the IPR&D was calculated using probability-adjusted cash flow projections discounted for the risk inherent in such projects. The probability of success factor ranged from
52
% to
70
%. The discount rate applied was
9.5
%.
In the fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded acquisition related costs before tax of approximately $
0.3
billion, $
0.2
billion and $
0.3
billion, which was primarily recorded in Other (income)/expense.
In accordance with U.S. GAAP standards related to business combinations, and goodwill and other intangible assets, supplemental pro forma information for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 is not provided, as the impact of the aforementioned acquisitions did not have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations.
Asset acquisitions
Acquired In-process research and development (IPR&D) in an asset acquisition is immediately expensed as research and development expense in the Company's consolidated financial statements. Milestone payments incurred prior to regulatory approval are expensed as research and development expense when the milestone event occurs.
The fiscal year 2024 asset acquisitions expensed as research and development included V-Wave Ltd. and the global rights to the NM26 bispecific antibody (Yellow Jersey acquisition). The remaining activity was not material.
On October 8, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of