any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
U.S. Innovative Medicine Rebate Reserves – Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid
As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue from product sales when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Rebates and discounts provided to customers are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales. The liability for such rebates and discounts is recognized within Accrued rebates, returns, and promotions on the consolidated balance sheet. A significant portion of the liability related to rebates is from the sale of pharmaceutical products within the U.S., primarily the Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid programs, which amounted to $12.3 billion as of December 29, 2024. For significant rebate programs, which include the U.S. Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid rebate programs, rebates and discounts estimated by management are based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis, and projected market conditions in the various markets served.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to U.S. Innovative Medicine rebate reserves - Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management due to the significant measurement uncertainty when developing the estimate of these reserves and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the assumptions related to contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis, and projected market conditions in the U.S. pharmaceutical market.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s estimate of the U.S. Innovative Medicine rebate reserves - Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid, including controls over the assumptions used to estimate these rebates. These procedures also included, among others (i) developing an independent estimate of the rebates by utilizing third party information on price and market conditions in the U.S. pharmaceutical market, the terms of the specific rebate programs, and the historical experience and trend analysis of actual rebate claims paid; (ii) testing, on a sample basis, rebate claims processed by the Company, including evaluating those claims for consistency with the contractual and mandated terms of the Company’s rebate arrangements; and (iii) comparing the independent estimates to management’s estimates to evaluate