subsidiaries have made a practice of selling their products under trademarks and of obtaining protection for these trademarks by all available means. These trademarks are protected by registration in the U.S. and other countries where such products are marketed. The Company considers these trademarks in the aggregate to be of material importance in the operation of its businesses.
Seasonality
Worldwide sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality; however, spending has typically been heavier in the fourth quarter of each year than in other quarters. This reflects increased spending decisions, principally for advertising and research and development activity.
Competition
In all of their product lines, the Company's subsidiaries compete with companies both locally and globally. Competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. Competition in research, both internally and externally sourced, involving the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. The development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the Company’s product portfolio, is important to the Company's success in all areas of its business. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research.
Environment
The Company is subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions. The Company believes that its operations comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations. The Company’s compliance with these requirements is not expected to have a material effect upon its capital expenditures, cash flows, earnings or competitive position.
Regulation
The Company’s businesses are subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation in the countries in which operations are conducted, and the general trend is toward increasingly stringent regulation and enforcement. The Company is subject to costly and complex U.S. and foreign laws and governmental regulations, and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect the Company's financial condition and business operations. In the U.S., the pharmaceutical product and medical technology industries have long been subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies, primarily as to product safety, efficacy, manufacturing, advertising, labeling and safety reporting. The exercise of broad regulatory powers by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the U.S. FDA) continues to result in increases in the amounts of testing and documentation required for U.S. FDA approval of new drugs and devices and a corresponding increase in the expense of product introduction. Similar trends are also evident in major markets outside of the U.S.
The medical device regulatory framework and the evolving privacy, data localization, and emerging cyber