for-Equity Exchange of its remaining
182,329,550
shares of Kenvue Common Stock for the outstanding Commercial Paper. Upon completion of the Debt-for-Equity Exchange, the Commercial Paper was satisfied and discharged, and the Company no longer owns any shares of Kenvue Common Stock. This exchange resulted in a loss of approximately $
0.4
billion recorded in Other (income) expense.
For the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 for equity investments without readily determinable market values, $
171
million and $
1
million, respectively, of the changes in fair value reflected in net income were the result of impairments. There were impacts of $
26
million and $
27
million, respectively, of changes in the fair value reflected in net income due to changes in observable prices and gains on the disposal of investments.
Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest.
The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations.
The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value:
Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
Level 2 — Significant other observable inputs.
Level 3 — Significant unobservable inputs.
The Company’s significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows:
Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration is as follows:
(1)
2023 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity