environment.
Item 9B. Other information
Securities trading plans of Directors and Executive Officers
. During the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed us of the
adoption
or
termination
of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Item 9C. Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections
Not applicable.
Part III
Item 10. Directors, executive officers and corporate governance
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion of the Audit Committee under the caption Item 1. Election of Directors - Board committees; and the material under the captions Item 1. Election of Directors and, if applicable, Delinquent Section 16(a) reporting in the Proxy Statement; and the material under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this Report.
The Company’s Code of Business Conduct, which covers all employees (including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller), meets the requirements of the SEC rules promulgated under Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Code of Business Conduct is available on the Company’s website at
www.jnj.com/code-of-business-conduct
, and copies are available to shareholders without charge upon written request to the Secretary at the Company’s principal executive offices. Any substantive amendment to the Code of Business Conduct or any waiver of the Code granted to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the Controller will be posted on the Company’s website at
www.jnj.com/code-of-business-conduct
within five business days (and retained on the website for at least one year).
In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct & Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers. The Code of Business Conduct & Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers is available on the Company’s website at
www.investor.jnj.com/governance/corporate-governance-overview/code-of-business-conduct--ethics
, and copies are available to shareholders without charge upon written request to the Secretary at the Company’s principal executive offices. Any substantive amendment to the Code or any waiver of the Code granted to any member of the Board of Directors or any executive officer will be posted on the Company’s website at
www.investor.jnj.com/governance/corporate-governance-overview/code-of-business-conduct--ethics
within five business days (and retained on the website for at least one year).
In addition to the prohibition on insider trading for all employees covered in our Code of Business Conduct, the Company has
adopted
an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of its securities by directors, officers and certain other insiders that is reasonably designed