low-taxed income (GILTI). GILTI is described as the excess of a U.S. shareholder’s total net foreign income over a deemed return on tangible assets, as provided by the TCJA. In January 2018, the FASB issued guidance that allows companies to elect as an accounting policy whether to record the tax effects of GILTI in the period the tax liability is generated (i.e., “period cost”) or provide for deferred tax assets and liabilities related to basis differences that exist and are expected to affect the amount of GILTI inclusion in future years upon reversal (i.e., “deferred method”). The Company has elected to account for GILTI under the deferred method. The deferred tax amounts recorded are based on the evaluation of temporary differences that are expected to reverse as GILTI is incurred in future periods.
The Company has recorded deferred tax liabilities on all undistributed earnings prior to December 31, 2017 from its international subsidiaries. The Company has not provided deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings subsequent to January 1, 2018 from certain international subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. The Company intends to continue to reinvest these earnings in those international operations. If the Company decides at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the U.S., the Company would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. The Company estimates that the tax effect of this repatriation would be approximately $
0.5
billion under currently enacted tax laws and regulations and at current currency exchange rates. This amount does not include the possible benefit of U.S. foreign tax credits, which may substantially offset this cost.
See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding income taxes.
Net earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities were exercised or converted into common stock using the treasury stock method.
Use of estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Estimates are used when accounting for sales discounts, rebates, allowances and incentives, product liabilities, income taxes, withholding taxes, depreciation, amortization, employee benefits, contingencies and intangible asset and liability valuations. Actual results may or may not differ from those estimates.
The Company follows the provisions of U.S. GAAP when recording litigation related contingencies. A liability is recorded when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. The best estimate of a loss within a range is accrued; however, if no estimate in