Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Joaquin Duato, Chief Executive Officer; Chairman, Executive Committee and Joseph J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and participated in this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, Messrs. Duato and Wolk concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Internal control. During the period covered by this report, there were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to monitor and assess the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures.
The Company is implementing a multi-year, enterprise-wide initiative to integrate, simplify and standardize processes and systems for the human resources, information technology, procurement, supply chain and finance functions. These are enhancements to support the growth of the Company’s financial shared service capabilities and standardize financial systems. This initiative is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In response to this initiative, the Company has and will continue to align and streamline the design and operation of its financial control environment.
Tabl
e of Contents
Part II — Other information
Item 1 — Legal proceedings
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11 included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (unaudited) — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 2 — Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds
(c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.
The following table provides information with respect to Common Stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal first quarter of 2025. Common stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the needs of the Company's