the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. The development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the Company's product portfolio, is important to the Company’s success in all areas of its business. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research.
Management’s objectives
With Our Credo as the foundation, the Company  believes health is everything. The Company's strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through the Company's expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, the Company is uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow, and profoundly impact health for humanity.
New products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25% of 2024 sales. In 2024, $17.2 billion was invested in research and development reflecting management’s commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships that will profoundly impact of health for humanity.
Our approximately 138,100 employees are critical drivers of the Company’s success. Employees are empowered and inspired to lead with Our Credo and purpose as guides. This allows every employee to use the Company’s reach and size to advance the Company’s purpose, and to also lead with agility and urgency. Leveraging the extensive resources across the enterprise enables the Company to innovate and execute with excellence. This ensures the Company can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society every day and invest for an enduring impact, ultimately delivering value to its patients, consumers and healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders.
Research &
development
Acquisitions*
(net of cash acquired)
Dividends paid
per share
*    Includes business combinations and asset acquisitions
Results of operations
Analysis of consolidated sales
For discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to the fiscal years 2023 and 2022 see the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, Item 7. Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition. Prior periods disclosed herein were recast to reflect the continuing operations of the Company.
In 2024, worldwide sales increased 4.3% to $88.8 billion as compared to an increase of 6.5% in 2023. These sales changes consisted of the following:
The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the worldwide sales growth was a positive impact of 0.5% in 2024 and a positive impact of 1.5% in 2023.
Sales by U.S. companies were $50.3 billion in 2024 and $46.4 billion in 2023. This represents increases of 8.3% in 2024 and 10.6%