international subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. The Company intends to continue to reinvest these earnings in those international operations. If the Company decides at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the U.S., the Company would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. The Company estimates that the tax effect of this repatriation would be approximately $0.5 billion under currently enacted tax laws and regulations and at current currency exchange rates. This amount does not include the possible benefit of U.S. foreign tax credits, which may substantially offset this cost.
See Note 1 and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding income taxes.
Legal and Self Insurance Contingencies:
The Company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings and product liability claims as these arise in the normal course of business. The accruals are based on management’s judgment as to the probability of losses and, where applicable, actuarially determined estimates. The Company has self insurance through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. In addition to accruals in the self insurance program, claims that exceed the insurance coverage are accrued when losses are probable and amounts can be reasonably estimated.
The Company follows the provisions of U.S. GAAP when recording litigation related contingencies. A liability is recorded when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
See Notes 1 and 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding product liability and legal proceedings.
Long-Lived and Intangible Assets:
The Company assesses changes, both qualitatively and quantitatively, in economic conditions and makes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows in evaluating the value of the Company’s property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. As these assumptions and estimates may change over time, it may or may not be necessary for the Company to record impairment charges.
Employee Benefit Plans:
The Company sponsors various retirement and pension plans, including defined benefit, defined contribution and termination indemnity plans, which cover most employees worldwide. These plans are based on assumptions for the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates, expected salary increases, healthcare cost trend rates and attrition rates. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on these rates.
Stock Based Compensation:
The Company recognizes compensation expense associated with the issuance of equity instruments to employees for their services. Based on the type of equity instrument, the fair value is estimated on the date of grant using either the Black-Scholes option valuation model or a combination of both the Black-Scholes option valuation model and Monte Carlo valuation model, and is expensed in the