Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters – Equity Compensation Plan Information.”
Issuer purchases of equity securities
The following table provides information with respect to common stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024. Common stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the needs of the Company’s compensation programs. The repurchases below also include the stock-for-stock option exercises that settled in the fiscal fourth quarter.
(1)
During the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 1,603,278 shares of Johnson & Johnson Common Stock in open-market transactions, all of which were purchased as part of a systematic plan to meet the needs of the Company’s compensation programs.
Item 6. Reserved
Item 7. Management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition
Organization and business segments
Description of the company and business segments
Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company) have approximately 138,100 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. The Company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world with the primary focus on products related to human health and well-being.
The Company is organized into two business segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech. The Innovative Medicine segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas: Immunology, Infectious Diseases, Neuroscience, Oncology, Pulmonary Hypertension, and Cardiovascular and Metabolism. Products in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. The MedTech segment includes a broad portfolio of products used in the Orthopaedic, Surgery, Cardiovascular (previously referred to as Interventional Solutions) and Vision fields. These products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics.
The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is the Company's Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer).The Executive Committee is Johnson & Johnson’s senior leadership team responsible for setting the strategy and priorities of the Company and driving accountability at all levels. Within the strategic parameters provided by the Executive Committee, senior management groups at U.S. and international operating companies are each responsible for their own strategic plans and the day-to-day operations of those companies.
In all of its product lines, the Company competes with other companies both locally and globally, throughout the world. Competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. Competition in research, involving