country would result in the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. Changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.
See Note 8 Income taxes under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information.
The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. The Company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits and disputes to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. However, any tax authority could take a position on tax treatment that is contrary to the Company’s expectations, which could result in tax liabilities in excess of reserves.
Risks related to our intellectual property
The Company faces increased challenges to intellectual property rights central to its business.
The Company owns or licenses a significant number of patents and other proprietary rights relating to its products and manufacturing processes. These rights are essential to the Company’s businesses and the inability of the Company to secure and maintain these rights may have a detrimental impact on the Company’s financial results. Public policy, both within and outside the U.S., has become increasingly unfavorable toward intellectual property rights. The Company cannot be certain that it will secure and maintain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in the United States and other important markets.
Competitors routinely challenge the validity or extent of the Company’s owned or licensed patents and proprietary rights through litigation, interferences, oppositions and other proceedings, such as inter partes review (IPR) proceedings before the United States Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO). These proceedings absorb resources and can be protracted as well as unpredictable. In addition, others may claim the Company has infringed their intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, or trademarks, and/or has misappropriated their trade secrets, any of which could result in an injunction and/or the need to pay past damages and future royalties and adversely affect the competitive position and sales of our products.
The Company has faced increasing patent challenges from third parties seeking to