under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL Bankruptcy Case). All litigation against LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance companies, and certain other parties (the Protected Parties) was stayed. The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions in March 2022.
The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and the extension of the stay to the Protected Parties. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court’s ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL bankruptcy.
In April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as to all parties and returning the talc litigation to the tort system. LTL re-filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case). As a result of the new filing, all talc claims against LTL were again automatically stayed pursuant to section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code. Additionally, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a temporary restraining order staying all litigation as to LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, identified retailers, and certain other parties (the New Protected Parties).
Also in April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a decision that granted limited injunctive relief to the Company and the New Protected Parties (the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction). The LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction remained in force until late August 2023, following the Bankruptcy Court’s extension of the initial LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction in June 2023. Under the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction, except for those cases filed in the federal court ovarian cancer multi-district litigation, discovery in all personal injury and wrongful death matters was permitted to proceed.
Furthermore, in April 2023, the Talc Claimants' Committee filed a motion to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy followed by similar motions from other claimants. Hearings on the motions to dismiss occurred in June 2023. In July 2023, the court dismissed the LTL 2 Bankruptcy case and, the same day, the Company stated its intent to appeal the decision and to continue its efforts to obtain a resolution of the talc claims. In September 2023, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order granting LTL leave to seek a direct appeal to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. In October 2023, the Third Circuit granted LTL’s petition for a direct appeal. In July 2024, the Third Circuit issued a non-precedential opinion affirming the Bankruptcy Court's decision to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy case.
In October 2023, the Company stated that it was pursuing