that the selected products will be subjected to a government-established price for the Medicare population beginning in 2026.
The IRA also contains provisions that impose rebates if certain prices increase at a rate that outpaces the rate of inflation, beginning October 1, 2022, for Medicare Part D drugs and January 1, 2023, for Medicare Part B drugs. Separate IRA provisions redesign the Medicare Part D benefit in various ways, including by shifting a greater portion of costs to manufacturers within certain coverage phases and replacing the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new manufacturer discounting program. Failure to comply with IRA provisions may subject manufacturers to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties.
In July 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen) filed litigation against the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services as well as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services challenging the constitutionality of the IRA's Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The litigation requests a declaration that the IRA violates Janssen’s rights under the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and therefore that Janssen is not subject to the IRA’s mandatory pricing scheme. The impact of the IRA on our business and the broader pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain, as litigation filed by Janssen and other pharmaceutical companies remains ongoing and while CMS has publicly announced the maximum fair price for each of the selected drugs, implementation of the program is still in progress. In April 2024, Janssen appealed the district court’s denial of its summary judgment motion to the Third Circuit.
Additionally, we expect continued scrutiny on drug pricing and government price reporting from Congress, agencies, and other bodies at the federal and state levels, which may result in additional regulations or other mechanisms to increase pricing transparency and controls.
There are a number of additional bills pending in Congress and healthcare reform proposals at the state level that would affect drug pricing, including in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This changing legal landscape has both positive and negative impacts on the U.S. healthcare industry with much remaining uncertain as to how various provisions of federal and state law, and potential modification or repeal of these laws, will ultimately affect the industry. The IRA and any other federal or state legislative change could affect the pricing and market conditions for our products.
In addition, business practices in the healthcare industry have come under increased scrutiny, particularly in the U.S., by government agencies and state attorneys general, and resulting investigations and prosecutions carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties. Of note is the increased enforcement activity by data protection authorities in various jurisdictions, particularly in the European Union, where significant fines have