filed under seal in December 2012. The federal and state governments have declined to intervene, and the lawsuit is being prosecuted by the relators. The Court denied summary judgment on all claims in December 2021. Daubert motions were granted in part and denied in part in January 2022, and trial commenced in May 2024. On June 13, 2024, a jury found no liability regarding the anti-kickback violations but found liability for a portion of the off-label promotion claims. The Company is pursuing post-trial briefing challenging the verdict on the off-label claims.
In March 2017, Janssen Biotech, Inc. (JBI) received a Civil Investigative Demand from the United States Department of Justice regarding a False Claims Act investigation concerning management and advisory services provided to rheumatology and gastroenterology practices that purchased REMICADE or SIMPONI ARIA. In August 2019, the United States Department of Justice notified JBI that it was closing the investigation. Subsequently, the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts unsealed a qui tam False Claims Act complaint, which was served on the Company. The Department of Justice
had declined to intervene in the qui tam lawsuit in August 2019. The Company filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted in part and denied in part. Discovery is underway.
General litigation
The Company or its subsidiaries are also parties to various proceedings brought under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund, and comparable state, local or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the Company’s agreement to implement remediation activities at designated hazardous waste sites or to reimburse the government or third parties for the costs they have incurred in performing remediation as such sites.
In October 2017, certain United States service members and their families brought a complaint against a number of pharmaceutical and medical devices companies, including Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries in United States District Court for the District of Columbia, alleging that the defendants violated the United States Anti-Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health. In July 2020, the District Court dismissed the complaint. In January 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit reversed the District Court’s decision. In June 2023, defendants filed a petition for a writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court. In June 2024, the Supreme Court vacated the D.C. Circuit's decision and remanded the case to the D.C. Circuit. Oral argument was held in November 2024.
In February 2024, a putative class action was filed against the Company, the Pension & Benefits Committee of Johnson & Johnson