December 2020, lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United States, including putative class action cases seeking medical monitoring, were organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the District of New
Jersey (MDL). In addition, cases have been filed in various state courts of New Jersey, which have been coordinated in a multi-county litigation in Bergen County, as well as the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, which have been coordinated and granted mass tort designation. In addition, three class action lawsuits have been filed in Canada. The Company continues to defend ELMIRON product liability lawsuits and continues to evaluate potential costs related to those claims. All U.S. based ELMIRON matters have been resolved or are undergoing formal review for purposes of settlement. The Company has established accruals for defense and indemnity costs associated with ELMIRON related product liability litigation.
Intellectual property
Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims related to patent, trademark and other intellectual property matters arising out of their businesses. Many of these matters involve challenges to the scope and/or validity of patents that relate to various products and allegations that certain of the Company’s products infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. Although these subsidiaries believe that they have substantial defenses to these challenges and allegations with respect to all significant patents, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters. A loss in any of these cases could adversely affect the ability of these subsidiaries to sell their products, result in loss of sales due to loss of market exclusivity, require the payment of past damages and future royalties, and may result in a non-cash impairment charge for any associated intangible asset.
Innovative Medicine - litigation against filers of abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs)
The Company’s subsidiaries have brought lawsuits against generic companies that have filed ANDAs with the U.S. FDA (or similar lawsuits outside of the United States) seeking to market generic versions of products sold by various subsidiaries of the Company prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. These lawsuits typically include allegations of non-infringement and/or invalidity of patents listed in FDA’s publication “Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations” (commonly known as the Orange Book). In each of these lawsuits, the Company’s subsidiaries are seeking an order enjoining the defendant from marketing a generic version of a product before the expiration of the relevant patents (Orange Book Listed Patents). In the event the Company’s subsidiaries are not successful in an action, or any automatic statutory stay expires before the court rulings are obtained, the generic companies involved would have