expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.
The Company faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that include healthcare cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, pricing and reimbursement of healthcare products.
Changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing healthcare insurance coverage may continue to impact the Company’s businesses.
The Company also operates in an environment increasingly hostile to intellectual property rights. Firms have filed Abbreviated New Drug Applications or Biosimilar Biological Product Applications with the U.S. FDA or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the Company's patents, seeking to market generic or biosimilar forms of many of the Company’s key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. In the event the Company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue will be introduced to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. There is also a risk that one or more competitors could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one or more valid patents are in place.
Legal proceedings
Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, employment, indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business.
The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of December 29, 2024, the Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25, Contingencies. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and