the reasonableness of management’s estimates.
Litigation Contingencies – Talc
As described in Notes 1 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with legal matters, including talc, when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. To the extent adverse awards, judgments, or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, management does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. For these matters, management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors, including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements; complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. Management continues to believe that the Company has strong legal grounds to contest the talc verdicts it has appealed. Notwithstanding management’s confidence in the safety of the Company’s talc products, in certain circumstances the Company has settled cases. In May 2024, the Company proposed a consensual “prepackaged” Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan (the “Proposed Plan”) for the final resolution of all current and future claims related to cosmetic talc in the United States, excluding claims related to mesothelioma or State consumer protection claims. In September 2024, the Company’s subsidiary Red River Talc, LLC filed a voluntary petition, seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, in furtherance of the Company’s consensual “prepackaged” Proposed Plan. As of December 29, 2024, the total present value of the reserve to resolve the talc claims is approximately $11.6 billion, of which approximately ten percent is recorded as a current liability. The recorded amount remains the Company's best estimate of probable loss. The Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the litigation contingencies - talc is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when assessing the likelihood of a loss being incurred for the remaining unresolved talc claims, when determining whether a