in the United States have been resolved or are undergoing formal review for purposes of settlement.
Claims have also been filed against Ethicon and the Company alleging personal injuries arising from the PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch hernia mesh products. In March 2019, the New Jersey Supreme Court entered an order consolidating these cases pending in New Jersey as an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court. Additional cases have been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United States.
Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state courts in the United States.
In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh products, as well as a number of unfiled claims. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed pending effectuation of the proposed settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements.
The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System products.
Innovative Medicine
ELMIRON
Claims for personal injury have been made against a number of Johnson & Johnson companies, including Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company, arising out of the use of ELMIRON, a prescription medication indicated for the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis. These lawsuits, which allege that ELMIRON contributes to the development of permanent retinal injury and vision loss, have been filed in both state and federal courts across the United States. In December 2020, lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United States, including putative class action cases seeking medical monitoring, were organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (MDL). In addition, cases have been filed in various state courts of New Jersey, which have been coordinated in a multi-county litigation in Bergen County, as well as the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, which have been coordinated and granted mass tort designation. In addition, three class action lawsuits have been filed in Canada. The Company continues to defend ELMIRON product liability lawsuits and continues to evaluate potential costs related to those claims. All U.S. based ELMIRON matters have been resolved or are