tax expense at the U.S. statutory rate of
21
% in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, to the Company’s effective tax rate is as follows:
(1)
International operations reflect the impacts of operations in jurisdictions with statutory tax rates different than the U.S., particularly Ireland, Switzerland, and Belgium, which is a favorable impact on the effective tax rate as compared with the U.S. statutory rate.
(2)
Includes the net impact of the GILTI tax, the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income deduction and other foreign income that is taxable under the U.S. tax code as well as related foreign tax credits.
The fiscal year 2024 effective tax rate increased
4.2
% as compared to the fiscal year 2023 effective tax rate. The primary drivers of this change are discussed below.
In fiscal year 2024, The Company had more income in higher tax jurisdictions compared to fiscal year 2023, primarily in the U.S. where the Company recorded a charge of approximately $
5.1
billion in the fiscal year of 2024 versus approximately $
7.0
billion in the fiscal year of 2023, both for the talc matters in the United States. Both charges were recorded at an effective U.S. tax rate of approximately 21% (for further information see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Additionally in the fiscal year 2024, the effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by legislative changes that went into effect for Pillar Two in some of the Company's foreign jurisdictions which are reflected in International operations on the Company’s effective tax rate reconciliation. Also in fiscal year 2024, the Company generated incremental U.S. foreign tax credits related to income sourced and taxed outside the United States and is reflected in U.S. taxes on international income on the Company’s effective tax rate reconciliation. In 2024, the Company finalized multi-year transfer pricing agreements with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and certain other foreign jurisdictions. The U.S portion of the agreements were partially offset by the related tax adjustments in the foreign jurisdictions which are reflected in U.S tax settlements and International operations, respectively, on the Company’s effective rate reconciliation.
The fiscal year 2023 effective tax rate decreased
3.9
% as compared to the fiscal year 2022 effective tax rate as the Company recorded certain non-recurring favorable tax items in fiscal year 2023 when compared to the prior fiscal year.
In the fiscal fourth quarter of 2023, the Company settled the U.S. Internal Revenue Service audit for tax years 2013 through 2016 which resulted in a favorable impact to the rate of
3.0
%. This settlement was partially offset by the Company recording a $
0.4
billion decrease in expected U.S. foreign tax credits, an unfavorable effective rate impact of
2.6
%, which has been reflected as a current tax expense in U.S. taxes on international income on the Company’s effective tax rate reconciliation.
In the fiscal year 2023, the Company had