corporate purposes. On May 17, 2024, the Company completed a Debt-for-Equity Exchange of its remaining 182,329,550 shares of Kenvue Common Stock for the outstanding Commercial Paper. Upon completion of the Debt-for-Equity Exchange, the Commercial Paper was satisfied and discharged and the Company no longer owns any shares of Kenvue Common Stock. This exchange resulted in a loss of approximately $0.4 billion recorded in Other (income) expense.
The following table summarizes the Company’s material contractual obligations and their aggregate maturities as of December 29, 2024: To satisfy these obligations, the Company intends to use cash from operations.
For tax matters, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For the proposed talc settlement payments, see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Financing and market risk
The Company uses financial instruments to manage the impact of foreign exchange rate changes on cash flows. Accordingly, the Company enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect the value of certain foreign currency assets and liabilities and to hedge future foreign currency transactions primarily related to product costs. Gains or losses on these contracts are offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions. A 10% appreciation of the U.S. Dollar from the December 29, 2024 market rates would increase the unrealized value of the Company’s forward contracts by $0.2 billion. Conversely, a 10% depreciation of the U.S. Dollar from the December 29, 2024 market rates would decrease the unrealized value of the Company’s forward contracts by $0.2 billion. In either scenario, the gain or loss on the forward contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated earnings and cash flows.
The Company hedges the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and the effect on certain assets and liabilities in foreign currency, by entering into currency swap contracts. A 1% change in the spread between U.S. and foreign interest rates on the Company’s interest rate sensitive financial instruments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of the Company’s swap contracts by approximately $1.5 billion. In either scenario, at maturity, the gain or loss on the swap contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated cash flows.
The Company does not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Further, the Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with parties that have at least an investment grade credit rating. The counterparties to these contracts are major financial institutions and there is no significant concentration of exposure with any one counterparty. Management believes the risk of loss is remote. The Company entered into credit support agreements (CSA) with certain derivative