trust would pay talc claims pursuant to proposed trust distribution procedures (the TDP) and then seek indemnification from the Company.
In February 2021, Cyprus Mines Corporation (Cyprus), which had owned certain Imerys talc mines, filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and filed its Disclosure Statement and Plan (the Cyprus Plan). The Cyprus Plan contemplates a settlement with Imerys and talc claimants where Cyprus would make a monetary contribution to a trust established under the Imerys Plan in exchange for an injunction against talc claims asserted against it and certain affiliated parties. Cyprus also asserts it has claims for indemnity against the Company arising out of talc personal injury claims. Under the Cyprus Plan, Cyprus would also contribute its alleged indemnification rights to the trust.
In September 2023, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended plans of reorganization. The amended plans contemplate a similar construct as the prior Imerys and Cyprus Plans, including all talc claims against Imerys and Cyprus (and certain other protected parties) being channeled to a trust along with Imerys’s and Cyprus’s alleged indemnification rights against the Company. The Company opposed both plans on the basis that the plans inflated Imerys’s and Cyprus’s liability for talc claims and had the potential effect of imposing those inflated liabilities on the Company through the Company’s alleged indemnification obligations.
In July 2024, the Company, Imerys, and Cyprus and certain of their affiliates (including their parent entities), and the tort claimants' committees and future claimants' representatives appointed in their respective Chapter 11 cases entered into a global settlement agreement (the Imerys Settlement Agreement) to resolve their ongoing disputes, including disputes raised in the Imerys and Cyprus bankruptcies. In August 2024, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended Chapter 11 plans and disclosure statements incorporating the terms of the settlement with the Company. In October 2024, the Imerys Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Imerys Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Order). The effectiveness of certain provisions of the settlement, including mutual releases, are subject to certain conditions, including the Imerys and Cyprus Plans being accepted by a sufficient number and amount of voting creditors to be confirmed under the Bankruptcy Code. Certain insurers have appealed the Settlement Order and sought a stay of the order pending appeal, which the Court denied on January 13, 2025.  The briefing of the appeal in the District Court is scheduled to be completed in April 2025. On January 5, 2025, Imerys and Cyprus each filed a certification of voting results, indicating that their respective plan had been accepted by each voting class of creditors. A joint confirmation hearing for the plans is scheduled for April 2025.
In February 2018, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the