Company and JPI in various state courts,
325
remaining cases in the Ohio multi-district litigation (MDL), and
3
additional cases in other federal courts.
In addition, the Province of British Columbia filed suit against the Company and its Canadian affiliate Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, in Canada. That action was certified as an opt in class action on behalf of other provincial/territorial and the federal governments in Canada in January 2025. Additional proposed class actions have been filed in Canada against the Company and Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, by and on behalf of people who used opioids (for personal injuries), municipalities and First Nations bands. The proposed class action in Quebec on behalf of residents diagnosed with opioid use disorder was authorized to proceed against Janssen Inc. and other industry members in April 2024; and leave to appeal was denied in October 2024. The defendants including the Company filed appeals from the certification order in late February 2025.
Starting in November 2019, a series of shareholder derivative complaints were filed against the Company as the nominal defendant and certain current and former directors and officers as defendants in the Superior Court of New Jersey. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids, and that the Company has suffered damages as a result of those alleged breaches. As of September 2024, all the complaints had been dismissed, and all appeals exhausted.
Product liability
The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in numerous product liability claims and lawsuits involving multiple products. Claimants in these cases seek substantial compensatory and, where available, punitive damages. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. From time to time, even if it has substantial defenses, the Company considers isolated settlements based on a variety of circumstances. The Company has accrued
Tabl
e of Contents
for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25, Contingencies. The Company accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to defend each matter when those costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. For certain of these matters, the Company has accrued additional amounts such as estimated costs associated with settlements, damages and other losses. Product liability accruals can represent projected product liability for thousands of claims around the world, each in different litigation environments and with different fact patterns. Changes to the accruals may be required in the future as additional information becomes available.
The table below contains the most significant of these cases and provides the approximate number of plaintiffs in the