established under the Imerys Plan in exchange for an injunction against talc claims asserted against it and certain affiliated parties. Cyprus also asserts it has claims for indemnity against the Company arising out of talc personal injury claims. Under the Cyprus Plan, Cyprus would also contribute its alleged indemnification rights to the trust.
In September 2023, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended plans of reorganization. The amended plans contemplate a similar construct as the prior Imerys and Cyprus Plans, including all talc claims against Imerys and Cyprus (and certain other protected parties) being channeled to a trust along with Imerys’s and Cyprus’s alleged indemnification rights against the Company. The Company opposed both plans on the basis that the plans inflated Imerys’s and Cyprus’s liability for talc claims and had the potential effect of imposing those inflated liabilities on the Company through the Company’s alleged indemnification obligations.
In July 2024, the Company, Imerys, and Cyprus and certain of their affiliates (including their parent entities), and the tort claimants' committees and future claimants' representatives appointed in the Imerys debtors' and Cyprus debtors' respective Chapter 11 cases entered into a global settlement agreement (the Imerys Settlement Agreement) to resolve the parties ongoing disputes, including disputes raised in the Imerys and Cyprus bankruptcies. Under the global settlement, the Company and its affiliates, on the one hand, and Imerys and Cyprus and their respective affiliates, on the other hand, release their claims against one another arising out of talc claims, including indemnification and contribution claims. In addition, under the settlement, the Company purchased the Imerys and Cyprus debtors' indemnification rights against the Company free and clear of all claims and interest (the Indemnity Buyback). In August 2024, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended Chapter 11 plans and disclosure statements incorporating the terms of the settlement with the Company. In October 2024, the Delaware Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Imerys Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Order). The effectiveness of certain provisions of the settlement, including the mutual
Tabl
e of Contents
releases, and Indemnity Buyback, were subject to certain conditions, which have since been satisfied. Accordingly, the mutual releases and Indemnity Buyback are now in effect.
Certain insurers have appealed the Settlement Order and sought a stay of the order pending appeal, which the Delaware Bankruptcy Court denied on January 13, 2025. The insurers then sought a stay of the order in the District Court for the District of Delaware, which also was denied. The insurers then appealed the denial of their request for a stay of the order to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. The briefing of the Settlement Order appeal in the Delaware District Court is scheduled to be completed in April 2025.
On January 5, 2025, Imerys and