certain non-recurring impacts as a result of legislative tax elections made in certain international subsidiaries which resulted in a change in the Company’s tax basis in certain assets resulting in deferred tax re-measurements. The net impact of these non-recurring items is a net benefit of
3.4
% to the Company’s annual effective tax rate, comprised of the following items:
•
approximately $
0.3
billion of tax benefit on local deferred tax assets to record the remeasurement of the increased tax basis, this benefit has been reflected as International operations on the Company’s effective tax rate reconciliation. This benefit was offset by approximately $
0.1
billion of U.S. deferred tax expense on the GILTI deferred tax liability resulting from the remeasurement of these deferred tax assets. This has been reflected in the “U.S. tax on international income” on the Company’s effective tax rate reconciliation.
•
approximately $
0.3
billion of U.S. deferred tax benefit on the GILTI deferred tax related to an election made by an international subsidiary resulting in a decrease in local deferred tax assets. This has been reflected in the U.S. taxes on international income on the Company’s effective tax rate reconciliation.
The Company also had lower income in higher tax jurisdictions vs. fiscal year 2022, primarily in the U.S. where the Company recorded an approximately $
7.0
billion charge related to talc matters in the United States at an effective tax rate of
21.1
% (for further information see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Temporary differences and carryforwards at the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
The Company has wholly-owned international subsidiaries that have cumulative net losses. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that these subsidiaries will generate future taxable income sufficient to partially utilize these deferred tax assets. In certain jurisdictions, valuation allowances have been recorded against deferred tax assets for loss carryforwards that are not more likely than not to be realized. The net operating loss carryforwards for these international subsidiaries that do not have an indefinite carryforward period will begin to expire in 2025 for various amounts.
The following table summarizes the activity related to valuation allowances for continuing operations:
The following table summarizes the activity related to unrecognized tax benefits for continuing operations:
As of December 29, 2024 the Company had approximately $
2.0
billion of unrecognized tax benefits. The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress with a number of tax authorities. With respect to the United States, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has completed its audit for the tax years through 2016 and has commenced the audit for tax years 2017 through 2020. The Company recently finalized multi-year transfer pricing agreements with the IRS and