statement preparation and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
The Company’s management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024. In making this assessment, the Company used the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013).” These criteria are in the areas of control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, and monitoring. The Company’s assessment included extensive documenting, evaluating and testing the design and operating effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting.
The Company acquired Shockwave Medical, Inc. (Shockwave), in a business combination in May 2024. Shockwave’s total assets, excluding intangible assets and goodwill, and total sales represented less than 1% of each of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024. As the acquisition occurred in the fiscal year 2024, the scope of the Company's assessment of the design and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year 2024 excluded the above mentioned acquisition. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC's general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope in the year of acquisition.
Based on the Company’s processes and assessment, as described above, management has concluded that, as of December 29, 2024, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears herein.
Shareholder return performance graphs
Set forth below are line graphs comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company’s Common Stock for periods of five years and ten years ending December 31, 2024, against the cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index, the Standard & Poor’s Pharmaceutical Index and the Standard & Poor’s Healthcare Equipment Index. The graphs and tables assume that $100 was invested on December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2014 in each of the Company’s Common Stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index, the Standard & Poor’s Pharmaceutical Index and the Standard & Poor’s Healthcare Equipment Index and that all dividends were reinvested.
5 Year Shareholder Return Performance J&J vs. Indices
10 Year Shareholder Return Performance J&J vs. Indices
Item 9. Changes in and disagreements with