mandatory pricing scheme. The impact of the IRA on our business and the broader pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain, as litigation filed by Janssen and other pharmaceutical companies remains ongoing and while CMS has publicly announced the maximum fair price for each of the selected drugs, implementation of the program is still in progress. In April 2024, Janssen appealed the district court’s denial of its summary judgment motion to the Third Circuit.
Russia-Ukraine War
Although the long-term implications of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal year 2024, including accounts receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. As of and for each of the fiscal years ending December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the business of the Company’s Russian subsidiaries represented less than 1% of the Company’s consolidated assets and revenues. The Company does not maintain Ukraine subsidiaries subsequent to the Kenvue separation.
In March of 2022, the Company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any additional investment in Russia. The Company continues to supply products relied upon by patients for healthcare purposes.
Conflict in the Middle East
Although the long-term implications of the conflict in the Middle East are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal year 2024, including accounts receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. As of and for each of the fiscal years ending December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the business of the Company’s Israel subsidiaries represented 1% of the Company’s consolidated assets and represented less than 1% of revenues.
The Company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. A 1% change in the value of the U.S. Dollar as compared to all foreign currencies in which the Company had sales, income or expense in 2024 would have increased or decreased the translation of foreign sales by approximately $0.4 billion and net income by approximately $0.1 billion.
Governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. A change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. Changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related