European biosimilar entrants. Lower sales of REMICADE (infliximab) was due to continued biosimilar competition. The growth of TREMFYA
(guselkumab) was due to market growth and share gains.
Sales of STELARA in the United States were approximately $6.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Third parties have filed abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of STELARA. The Company has settled certain litigation under the Biosimilar Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009. According to patent settlement and license agreements, the Company expects continued launches of biosimilar versions of STELARA in Europe and the United States in 2025 which will impact the Company’s sales of STELARA.
Biosimilar versions of REMICADE have been introduced in the United States and certain markets outside the United States and additional competitors continue to enter the market. Continued infliximab biosimilar competition will result in a further reduction in sales of REMICADE.
Infectious disease products sales were $3.4 billion in 2024, a decline of 23.1% as compared to the prior year primarily driven by a decline in COVID-19 vaccine revenue.
Neuroscience products sales were $7.1 billion in 2024, representing a decrease of 0.4% as compared to the prior year primarily driven by a decline in Other Neuroscience. The decline was partially offset by the growth of SPRAVATO (esketamine) driven by the ongoing launch and increased physician and patient demand.
Oncology products achieved sales of $20.8 billion in 2024, representing an increase of 17.7% as compared to the prior year. Strong sales of DARZALEX (daratumumab) were driven by continued share gains and market growth. Growth of ERLEADA (apalutamide) was primarily due to continued share gains and market growth. Sales of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) were driven by continued share gains, capacity expansion and manufacturing efficiencies. Additionally, sales from the ongoing launches of TECVAYLI (teclistamab-cqyv), TALVEY (talquetamab-tgvs) and RYBREVANT (amivantamab), included in Other Oncology, contributed to the growth. Growth was partially offset by ZYTIGA (abiraterone acetate) due to loss of exclusivity and IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) due to global competitive pressures.
Pulmonary Hypertension products sales were $4.3 billion, representing an increase of 12.3% as compared to the prior year. Sales growth of both OPSUMIT (macitentan) and UPTRAVI (selexipag) was driven by market growth and share gains. Growth in Other Pulmonary Hypertension was driven by OPSYNVI (macitentan/tadalafil).
Cardiovascular/Metabolism/Other products sales were $3.6 billion, a decline of 3.0% as compared to the prior year driven by declines in Other.
The Company maintains a policy that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location other than the billing location. This policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340B covered entities for most