to slower response times and longer review periods. After approval, new products or enhancements to existing products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace due to product and price competition, changes in customer preferences or healthcare purchasing patterns, resistance by healthcare providers or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Even following initial regulatory approval, the success of a product can be adversely impacted by safety and efficacy findings in larger real-world patient populations, as well as market entry of competitive products.
The Company leverages the use of data science, machine learning and other forms of AI and emerging technologies across varying parts of its business and operations, and the introduction and incorporation of AI may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities. AI technology is continuously evolving, and the AI technologies we develop and adopt may become obsolete earlier than planned. Our investments in these technologies may not result in the benefits we anticipate or enable us to obtain or maintain a competitive advantage. The application of AI in our business is emerging and evolving alongside new laws and regulations that may entail significant costs or ultimately limit our ability to continue the use of these technologies. These technologies also carry inherent risks related to data privacy and security further described below.
Risks related to financial and economic market conditions
The Company faces a variety of financial, economic, legal, social and political risks associated with conducting business internationally.
The Company’s extensive operations and business activity throughout the world are accompanied by certain financial, economic, legal, social and political risks, including those listed below.
Foreign currency exchange
: In fiscal 2024, approximately 43% of the Company’s sales occurred outside of the U.S., with approximately 23% in Europe, 5% in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., and 15% in the Asia-Pacific and Africa region. Changes in non-U.S. currencies relative to the U.S. dollar impact the Company’s revenues and expenses. While the Company uses financial instruments to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on its cash flows, unhedged exposures continue to be subject to currency fluctuations. In addition, the weakening or strengthening of the U.S. dollar may result in significant favorable or unfavorable translation effects when the operating results of the Company’s non-U.S. business activity are translated into U.S. dollars.
Inflation and currency devaluation risks
: The Company faces challenges in maintaining profitability of operations in economies experiencing high inflation rates. Specifically, the Company has accounted for operations in Argentina, Turkey, Venezuela and Egypt (beginning in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024) as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year