ANDAs and lawsuits to challenge the applicable patents.
XARELTO
Beginning in March 2021, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Bayer Pharma AG, Bayer AG and Bayer Intellectual Property GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of XARELTO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc.; Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Ltd.; Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.; Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Mylan Inc.; Mankind Pharma Limited; Apotex Inc.; Apotex Corp.; Cipla Ltd.; Cipla USA Inc.; and InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 9,539,218 and 10,828,310.
U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 was also under consideration by the USPTO in an IPR proceeding. In July 2023, the USPTO issued a final written decision finding the claims of the patent invalid. In September 2023, Bayer Pharma AG filed an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Oral argument is scheduled to be heard in May 2025.
INVEGA SUSTENNA
Beginning in January 2018, Janssen Pharmaceutica NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Laboratories Limited; Pharmascience Inc.; Mallinckrodt PLC; Specgx LLC; Tolmar, Inc.; Accord Healthcare, Inc.; Qilu Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.; and Qilu Pharma Inc. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 9,439,906. In October 2020, the district court issued a decision in the case against Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva previously stipulated to infringement. Teva appealed the decision, and, in April 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit vacated and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. In November 2024, the district court issued its decision on remand, finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and oral argument is scheduled for April 2025. In February 2024, the district court issued a decision in the case against Tolmar Inc. finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Tolmar previously stipulated to infringement. Tolmar has appealed the decision.
Beginning in February 2018, Janssen Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV initiated a Statement of Claim under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have