the ability, upon regulatory approval, to introduce generic versions of their products to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for the applicable products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. In addition, from time to time, the Company’s subsidiaries may settle these types of actions and such settlements can involve the introduction of generic versions of the products at issue to the market prior to the expiration of the relevant patents.
The Inter Partes Review (IPR) process with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), created under the 2011 America Invents Act, is also being used at times by generic companies in conjunction with ANDAs and lawsuits to challenge the applicable patents.
XARELTO
Beginning in March 2021, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Bayer Pharma AG; Bayer AG; and Bayer Intellectual Property GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of XARELTO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc.; Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Ltd.; Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.; Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Mylan Inc.; Mankind Pharma Limited; Apotex Inc.; Apotex Corp.; Auson Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Shanghai Auson Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd.; Cipla Ltd.; Cipla USA Inc.; InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Prinston Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Ascent Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Hetero Labs Limited. In October 2024, the Company entered into a confidential settlement agreement with Auson Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Shanghai Auson Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. and the case was dismissed. In November 2024, the Company entered into confidential settlement agreements with Ascent Pharmaceuticals Inc. that resulted in dismissal of litigation against Ascent Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Hetero Labs Limited. In January 2025, the Company entered into a confidential settlement agreement with Prinston Pharmaceutical, Inc. (as to U.S. Patent No. 9,539,218). The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 9,539,218 and 10,828,310.
U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 was also under consideration by the USPTO in an IPR proceeding. In July 2023, the USPTO issued a final written decision finding the claims of the patent invalid. In September 2023, Bayer Pharma AG filed an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
INVEGA SUSTENNA
Beginning in January 2018, Janssen Pharmaceutica NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent.