business include many of those described above under Segments of Business – Innovative Medicine and MedTech. However, the principal markets, products and methods of distribution in the international business vary with the country and the culture. The products sold in the international business include those developed in the U.S. and by subsidiaries abroad.
Investments and activities in some countries outside the U.S. are subject to higher risks than comparable U.S. activities because the investment and commercial climate may be influenced by financial instability in international economies, restrictive economic policies and political and legal system uncertainties.
Raw materials
Raw materials essential to the Company's business are generally readily available from multiple sources. Where there are exceptions, the temporary unavailability of those raw materials would not likely have a material adverse effect on the financial results of the Company.
Patents
The Company's subsidiaries have made a practice of obtaining patent protection on their products and processes where possible. They own, or are licensed under, a significant number of patents in the U.S. and other countries relating to their products, product uses, formulations and manufacturing processes, which in the aggregate are believed to be of material importance to the Company in the operation of its businesses. The Company’s subsidiaries face patent challenges from third parties, including challenges seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the Company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. Significant legal proceedings
and claims involving the Company's patent and other intellectual property are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings—Intellectual property of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report.
Sales of the Company’s largest product, collectively DARZALEX (daratumumab) and DARZALEX FASPRO (daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj), accounted for approximately 13.1% of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2024. Accordingly, the patents related to these products are believed to be material to the Company. Genmab A/S owns two patent families related to DARZALEX, and Janssen Biotech, Inc. has an exclusive license to those patent families. The two patent families both expire in the United States in 2029, and in Europe, compound/use patent protection in select countries extends to 2031/2032. Janssen Biotech, Inc. owns a separate patent portfolio related to DARZALEX FASPRO.
Sales of the Company’s second largest product, STELARA (ustekinumab) accounted for approximately 11.7% of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2024. According to patent settlement and license agreements, the Company expects continued launches of biosimilar versions of STELARA in Europe and the United States in 2025 which will impact the Company’s sales of STELARA.
Trademarks
The Company’s