of the Company’s drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. Both grantee and non-grantee covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. The Company has been and will continue to offer 340B discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited by the 340B statute. The 340B Drug Pricing Program is a U.S. federal government program requiring drug manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities.
During 2024, the Company advanced its pipeline with several regulatory submissions and approvals for new drugs and additional indications for existing drugs as follows:
MedTech segment
The MedTech segment sales in 2024 were $31.9 billion, an increase of 4.8% from 2023, which included operational growth of 6.2% and a negative currency impact of 1.4%. U.S. sales were $16.3 billion, an increase of 6.9% as compared to the prior year. International sales were $15.5 billion, an increase of 2.6% as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 5.4% and a negative currency impact of 2.8%. In 2024, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the MedTech segment worldwide operational sales growth was a positive 1.5% primarily related to the Shockwave acquisition.
Major MedTech franchise sales:
(1)
Previously referred to as Interventional Solutions
(2)
Acquired on May 31, 2024
*    Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful
The Surgery franchise sales were $9.8 billion in 2024, representing a decrease of 1.9% from 2023. The decline in Advanced Surgery was primarily due to China volume-based procurement across all platforms and competitive pressures in Energy and Endocutters. This was partially offset by the strength of the portfolio and commercial execution in Biosurgery as well as the strength of new products in Endocutters. Growth in General Surgery was primarily driven by technology penetration and benefits from the differentiated Wound Closure portfolio as well as increased procedure volume. This growth was offset by the negative impact of currency and the Acclarent divestiture.
The Orthopaedics franchise sales were $9.2 billion in 2024, representing an increase of 2.4% from 2023. The fiscal 2024 includes a one-time revenue recognition timing change related to certain products across all Orthopaedic platforms in the U.S. which positively impacted the worldwide Orthopaedics franchise growth as well as the negative impact from the near-term revenue disruption related to the previously announced Orthopaedics restructuring. The growth in Hips reflects continued strength of the portfolio primarily in the Anterior approach, and global procedure growth. The growth in Knees was primarily driven by the ATTUNE portfolio, pull through related to the VELYS Robotic assisted solution and global procedure growth. Growth in