putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and Janssen Biotech Inc. (collectively Janssen) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The complaint alleges that Janssen violated federal and state antitrust laws and other state laws by delaying biosimilar competition with STELARA through Janssen's enforcement of patent rights covering STELARA. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In February 2024, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which Janssen moved to dismiss in March 2024. In August 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part Janssen's motion to dismiss.
In December 2018, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen Oncology, Inc., Janssen Research & Development, LLC and Johnson & Johnson (collectively, Janssen) were served with a qui tam complaint on behalf of the United States, certain states, and the District of Columbia. The complaint alleges that Janssen violated the federal False Claims Act and state law when providing pricing information for ZYTIGA to the government in connection with direct sales and reimbursement programs. At this time, the federal and state governments have declined to intervene. In December 2021, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey denied Janssen's motion to dismiss.
Tabl
e of Contents
Note 12 —
Restructuring
In fiscal 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within its MedTech segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network arrangements. The pre-tax restructuring expense in the
fiscal first quarter of 2025 primarily included costs related to asset impairments and market and product exits. The pre-tax restructuring expense in the fiscal first quarter of 2024 primarily included costs related to market and product exits. Total project costs of approximately $
0.5
billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. The estimated costs of the total program are between $
0.7
billion - $
0.8
billion and is expected to be completed by the end of fiscal year 2025.
The following table summarizes the restructuring expenses for 2025 and 2024:
(1)
Includes $
17
million in Restructuring, $
8
million in Cost of products sold and $
30
million in Other (Income)/Expense on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the fiscal first quarter of 2025. Included $
20
million in Restructuring and $
7
million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the fiscal first quarter of 2024.
(2)
Included in Restructuring on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the fiscal first quarter of 2024. This program was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024.
Restructuring reserves as of March 30, 2025 and December 29, 2024 were insignificant.
Tabl
e of Contents
Item 2 — Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
Results of operations
Sales to customers
Analysis of consolidated sales
For