the market. For the Company’s MedTech businesses, technological innovation, product quality, reputation and customer service are especially important to competitiveness. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes and technologies could threaten to make the Company’s products or technologies less desirable, less economical or obsolete. The Company’s business and operations will be negatively impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or technological advances that are safe, more effective, more effectively marketed or otherwise outperform those of our competitors.
Interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the Company’s business, sales and reputation.
The Company’s manufacturing of products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of complex, high-quality components and materials. The Company’s subsidiaries operate 64 manufacturing facilities as well as sourcing from thousands of suppliers around the world. The Company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. Manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations or safety issues, labor disputes, labor shortages, site-specific incidents (such as fires), natural disasters such as hurricanes and other severe weather events, raw material shortages, lack of available inspectors, political unrest, terrorist attacks and epidemics or pandemics. Such delays and difficulties in manufacturing can result in product shortages, declines in sales and reputational impact as well as significant remediation and related costs associated with addressing the shortage.
The Company relies on third parties to manufacture and supply certain of our products. Any failure by or loss of a third-party manufacturer or supplier could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business.
The Company relies on third parties to manufacture and supply certain of our raw materials, component parts and products. We depend on these third-party manufacturers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. However, we cannot guarantee that these third-party manufacturers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, which could result in lost sales and have an adverse effect on our business.
Other risks associated with our reliance on third parties to manufacture these products include reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, misappropriation of the Company’s intellectual property, limited ability to manage our inventory, possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party and the possible