reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss for the remaining unresolved talc claims can be made, and when determining the timing of settlement payments for the remaining unresolved talc claims, and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management’s assessment of the loss contingencies associated with the talc litigation.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s assessment of the litigation contingencies – talc, including controls over determining whether a loss is probable and whether the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, as well as financial statement disclosures. These procedures also included, among others (i) gaining an understanding of the Company’s process around the accounting and reporting for the talc litigation; (ii) obtaining and evaluating certain executed settlement agreements related to the talc litigation; (iii) discussing the status of significant known actual and potential litigation and settlements activity with the Company’s in-house legal counsel, as well as external counsel when deemed necessary; (iv) obtaining and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel related to the talc litigation; (v) evaluating the reasonableness of management’s assessment regarding whether an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable; and (vi) evaluating the sufficiency of the Company’s litigation contingencies disclosures.
/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Florham Park, New Jersey
February 13, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since at least 1920. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company.
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management is required to assess the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year and report, based on that assessment, whether the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective.
Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of the Company’s financial reporting and the preparation of external financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Internal controls over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, internal control over financial reporting determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial