(Abiomed) filed a declaratory judgment action against Maquet Cardiovascular LLC (Maquet) in U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts seeking a declaration that the Impella does not infringe certain Maquet patents, currently U.S. Patent Nos. 7,022,100 (’100); 8,888,728; 9,327,068; 9,545,468; 9,561,314; and 9,597,437. Maquet counterclaimed for infringement of each of those patents. After claim construction, Maquet alleged infringement of only the ’100 patent. In September 2021, the court granted Abiomed’s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of the ’100 patent, and in September 2023, the district court entered final judgment in favor of Abiomed on all patents-in-suit. Maquet appealed.
Government proceedings
Like other companies in the pharmaceutical and medical technologies industries, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United States and other countries in which they operate. Such regulation has been the basis of government investigations and litigations. The most significant litigation brought by, and investigations conducted by, government agencies are listed below. It is possible that criminal charges and substantial fines and/or civil penalties or damages could result from government investigations or litigation.
MedTech
In July 2018, the Public Prosecution Service in Rio de Janeiro and representatives from the Brazilian antitrust authority CADE inspected the offices of more than 30 companies including Johnson & Johnson do Brasil Indústria e Comércio de Produtos para Saúde Ltda. The authorities appear to be investigating allegations of possible anti-competitive behavior and possible improper payments in the medical device industry. The Company continues to respond to inquiries regarding the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act from the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has been informed DOJ has closed its investigation.
In July 2023, the DOJ issued Civil Investigative Demands to the Company, Johnson & Johnson Surgical Vision, Inc., and Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. (collectively, J&J Vision) in connection with a civil investigation under the False Claims Act relating to free or discounted intraocular lenses and equipment used in eye surgery, such as phacoemulsification and laser systems. J&J Vision has begun producing documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demands. J&J Vision is in ongoing discussions with the DOJ regarding its inquiry.
Innovative Medicine
In July 2016, the Company and Janssen Products, LP were served with a qui tam complaint pursuant to the False Claims Act filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging the off-label promotion of two HIV products, PREZISTA and INTELENCE, and anti-kickback violations in connection with the promotion of these products. The complaint was