infringement of the ’100 patent, and in September 2023, the district court entered final judgment in favor of Abiomed on all patents-in-suit. Maquet appealed.
In November 2017, Maquet Cardiovascular LLC filed suit against Abiomed, Inc., Abiomed R&D, Inc., and Abiomed Europe GmbH (collectively, Abiomed) in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts, alleging that certain Impella products infringe U.S. Patent No. 9,789,238 (’238 patent). Maquet subsequently added U.S. Patent No. 10,238,783 (’783 patent). After claim construction, the court entered a stipulated judgment of non-infringement of both patents. Maquet appealed. On March 21, 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit left undisturbed the judgment on non-infringement of the ’238 patent, vacated the judgment regarding the ’783 patent, and remanded the case to the District Court for further proceedings on the ’783 patent.
Government proceedings
Like other companies in the pharmaceutical and medical technologies industries, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United States and other countries in which they operate. Such regulation has been the basis of government investigations and litigations. The most significant litigation brought by, and investigations conducted by, government agencies are listed below. It is possible that criminal charges and substantial fines and/or civil penalties or damages could result from government investigations or litigation.
MedTech
In July 2023, the DOJ issued Civil Investigative Demands to the Company, Johnson & Johnson Surgical Vision, Inc., and Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. (collectively, J&J Vision) in connection with a civil investigation under the False Claims Act relating to free or discounted intraocular lenses and equipment used in eye surgery, such as phacoemulsification and laser systems. J&J Vision has provided documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demands and is continuing to cooperate with the DOJ regarding its inquiry.
Innovative Medicine
In July 2016, the Company and Janssen Products, LP were served with a qui tam complaint pursuant to the False Claims Act filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging the off-label promotion of two HIV products, PREZISTA and INTELENCE, and anti-kickback violations in connection with the promotion of these products. The complaint was filed under seal in December 2012. The federal and state governments have declined to intervene, and the lawsuit is being prosecuted by the relators. The Court denied summary judgment on all claims in December 2021. Daubert motions were granted in part and denied in part in January 2022, and trial commenced in May 2024. On June 13, 2024, a jury found no liability regarding the anti-kickback violations but found liability for a portion of the off-label promotion claims. The Company is