the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake, wildfire or flooding, may pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt the operation of our supply chain. The impacts of the changing climate on water resources may result in water scarcity, limiting our ability to access sufficient high-quality water in certain locations, which may increase operational costs.
Concern over climate change may also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruption in, or an increase in the costs associated with sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, the impacts of climate change have an influence on customer preferences, and failure to provide climate-friendly products could potentially result in loss of market share.
An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact on the Company’s business or reputation.
To meet business objectives, the Company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data (including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection) to ensure the continuity of the Company’s supply chain and operations, and as part of many of the products we deliver to customers. The extensive range of information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a persistent risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, including to customer products that are connected to or rely on such systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company’s sensitive data. The Company assesses these threats, responds to attacks and breaches that it has experienced, and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the Company’s third-party providers have required capabilities and
controls, to address this risk. Because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there is the potential for the Company to be adversely impacted. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. Also, increasing use of AI could increase these risks. The Company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be