deductible for tax purposes. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal first quarter of 2025 were $
0.1
billion, primarily related to the fair value of the inventory step-up and were recorded in Cost of products sold.
On March 7, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Ambrx Biopharma, Inc., (Ambrx), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a proprietary synthetic biology technology platform to design and develop next-generation antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), in an all-cash merger transaction for a total consideration of approximately $
1.8
billion net of cash acquired. The results of operations were included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $
2.3
billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $
1.9
billion, goodwill for $
0.3
billion and liabilities assumed of $
0.5
billion, which includes deferred taxes of $
0.4
billion.  The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal first quarter of 2025 were
not
material.
Asset acquisitions
In the fiscal first quarters of 2025 and 2024, there were no material asset acquisitions.
Divestitures
In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, there were no material divestitures.
In the fiscal first quarter of 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of Ponvory outside of the U.S. resulting in approximately $
0.2
billion in proceeds.
Tabl
e of Contents
Note 11 —
Legal proceedings
Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability; intellectual property; commercial; indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of their business.
The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of March 30, 2025, the Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related