products. The sales returns reserve for the total Company has been approximately
1.0
% of annual net trade sales during each of the fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Promotional programs, such as product listing allowances are recorded in the same period as related sales and include
volume-based sales incentive programs. Volume-based incentive programs are based on the estimated sales volumes for the incentive period and are recorded as products are sold. These arrangements are evaluated to determine the appropriate amounts to be deferred or recorded as a reduction of revenue. The Company also earns profit-share payments through collaborative arrangements of certain products, which are included in sales to customers. Profit-share payments were less than
2.0
% of the total revenues in the fiscal year 2024 and 2023, respectively, and less than
3.0
% of total revenues in the fiscal year 2022 and are included in sales to customers.
See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further disaggregation of revenue.
Shipping and handling
Shipping and handling costs incurred were $
0.9
billion, $
0.9
billion and $
0.8
billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in selling, marketing and administrative expense. The amount of revenue received for shipping and handling is less than
1.0
% of sales to customers for all periods presented.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value determined by the first-in, first-out method.
Intangible assets and goodwill
The authoritative literature on U.S. GAAP requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives be assessed annually for impairment. The Company completed its annual impairment test for 2024 in the fiscal fourth quarter. Future impairment tests will be performed annually in the fiscal fourth quarter, or sooner if warranted. In-process research and development purchased as part of a business combination is accounted for as an indefinite lived intangible asset until the underlying project is completed, at which point the intangible asset will be accounted for as a definite lived intangible asset. If warranted the purchased in-process research and development could be written off or partially impaired depending on the underlying program.
Intangible assets that have finite useful lives continue to be amortized over their useful lives and are reviewed for impairment when warranted by economic conditions. See Note 5 for further details on Intangible Assets and Goodwill.
Financial instruments
As required by U.S. GAAP, all derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative literature establishes a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in