healthcare benefits in advance and has the right to modify these plans in the future.
In 2024 and 2023 the Company used December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as the measurement date for all U.S. and international retirement and other benefit plans.
Net periodic benefit costs for the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and other benefit plans for 2024, 2023 and 2022 include the following components:
The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of products sold, Research and development expense, Selling, marketing and administrative expenses, and Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes if related to the separation of Kenvue. All other components of net periodic benefit cost are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, with the exception of certain amounts for curtailments and settlements, which are reported in Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes if related to the separation of Kenvue (as noted above).
Unrecognized gains and losses for the U.S. pension plans are amortized over the average remaining future service for each plan. For plans with no active employees, they are amortized over the average life expectancy. The amortization of gains and losses for the other U.S. benefit plans is determined by using a
10
% corridor of the greater of the market value of assets or the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. Total unamortized gains and losses in excess of the corridor are amortized over the average remaining future service.
Prior service costs/benefits for the U.S. pension plans are amortized over the average remaining future service of plan participants at the time of the plan amendment. Prior service cost/benefit for the other U.S. benefit plans is amortized over the average remaining service to full eligibility age of plan participants at the time of the plan amendment.
The following table represents the weighted-average actuarial assumptions:
The Company’s discount rates are determined by considering current yield curves representing high quality, long-term fixed income instruments. The resulting discount rates are consistent with the duration of plan liabilities. The Company's methodology in determining service and interest cost uses duration specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans' liability cash flows.
The expected rates of return on plan asset assumptions represent the Company's assessment of long-term returns on diversified investment portfolios globally. The assessment is determined using projections from external financial sources, long-term historical averages, actual returns by asset class and the various asset class allocations by market.
The following table displays the assumed healthcare cost trend rates, for all individuals:
The following