sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business or reputational losses.
As a result of increased global tensions, the Company expects there will continue to be, an increased risk of information security or cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks perpetrated by adversaries of countries where the Company maintains operations. Given the potential sophistication of these attacks, the Company may not be able to address the threat of information security or cybersecurity incidents proactively or implement adequate preventative measures and we may not be able to detect and address any such disruption or security breach promptly, or at all, which could adversely affect customers that use our products, our business, results of operations or financial condition. Moreover, these threats could also impact our third-party partners resulting in compromise of the Company's IT systems, networks and data which could negatively affect the Company.
A breach of privacy laws or unauthorized access, loss or misuse of personal data could have a negative impact on the Company’s business or reputation.
The Company is subject to privacy and data protection laws and regulations across the globe that impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, possession, use, storage, access, disclosure, transfer, deletion and protection of personal data. Breach of the requirements of these laws and regulations could result in substantial fines, penalties, governmental actions, private right of actions, including class actions, and damage to our reputation and business. New privacy laws are expected globally, together with greater privacy enforcement by governmental authorities globally, particularly on data localization requirements and data transfers including international data flows. The Company has established privacy compliance programs and controls with which our businesses worldwide are required to comply. However, with many technology and data-driven initiatives evolving across the Company, involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are threats that could impact our business operations and research activities, including potential risks of unauthorized access and loss of personal data as well as legislative actions imposing limitations and controls on the use and sharing of personal data as well as on cross border data flows.
Item 1B. Unresolved staff comments
Not applicable.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk management and strategy
The Company has documented cybersecurity policies and standards, assesses risks from cybersecurity threats, and monitors information systems for potential cybersecurity issues. To protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats, the Company uses various security tools supporting protection, detection, and response capabilities.
The Company maintains a cybersecurity incident response plan to help ensure a timely, consistent response to actual or attempted cybersecurity incidents impacting the Company.
The