for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, made during the one-year measurement period, as permitted by U.S. GAAP, to finalize management's fair value estimates for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. As of December 31, 2024, certain matters related to the final settlement remained outstanding between the Firm and the FDIC.
On January 17, 2025, the Firm reached an agreement with the FDIC with respect to certain outstanding items. As a result of the agreement, the Firm made a payment of $
609
million to the FDIC on January 31, 2025 and reduced its additional payable to the FDIC, which will result in a gain of approximately $
600
million to be recorded in other income in the first quarter of 2025.
In connection with the First Republic acquisition, the Firm and the FDIC entered into
two
shared-loss agreements with respect to certain loans and lending-related commitments (the "shared-loss assets"): the Commercial Shared-Loss Agreement ("CSLA") and the Single-Family Shared-Loss Agreement (“SFSLA”). The CSLA covers
80
% of credit losses, on a pari passu basis, over
5
years with a subsequent
3-year
recovery period for certain acquired commercial loans and other real estate exposure. The SFSLA covers
80
% of credit losses, on a pari passu basis, for
7
years for certain acquired loans secured by mortgages on real property or shares in cooperative property constituting a primary residence. The indemnification assets, which represent the fair value of the CSLA and SFSLA on the acquisition date, are reflected in the total assets acquired.
As part of the consideration paid, JPMorganChase issued a
five-year
, $
50
billion secured note to the FDIC (the "Purchase Money Note"). The Purchase Money Note bears interest at a fixed rate of
3.4
% and is secured by certain of the acquired loans. The Purchase Money Note is prepayable upon notice to the holder.
The Firm had placed a $
5
billion deposit with First Republic Bank on March 16, 2023, as part of $
30
billion of deposits provided by a consortium of large U.S. banks. The Firm's $
5
billion deposit was effectively settled as part of the acquisition and the associated allowance for credit losses was released upon closing. The Firm subsequently repaid the remaining $
25
billion of deposits to the consortium of banks, including accrued interest through the payment date on May 9, 2023.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
The computation of the purchase price, the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of the First Republic acquisition and the related bargain purchase gain are presented below, which reflects adjustments made during the measurement period to the acquisition-date fair value of the net assets acquired. The measurement period ended on April 30, 2024.
(a)
Net of cash acquired of $
680
million, and including disputed amounts with the FDIC as of April 30, 2024.
(b)
As part of the consideration paid, JPMorganChase issued a
five-year
, $
50
billion