30 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information regarding litigation.
162
Merchant charge-backs
Under the rules of payment networks, in its role as a merchant acquirer, the Firm's Merchant Services business in CIB Payments, retains a contingent liability for disputed processed credit and debit card transactions that result in a charge-back to the merchant. If a dispute is resolved in the cardholder’s favor, the Firm will (through the cardholder’s issuing bank) credit or refund the amount to the cardholder and will charge back the transaction to the merchant. If the Firm is unable to collect the amount from the merchant, the Firm will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the cardholder. The Firm mitigates this risk by withholding future settlements, retaining cash reserve accounts or obtaining other collateral. In addition, the Firm recognizes a valuation allowance that covers the payment or performance risk related to charge-backs.
Sponsored member repo program
The Firm acts as a sponsoring member to clear eligible overnight and term resale and repurchase agreements through the Government Securities Division of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (“FICC”) on behalf of clients that become sponsored members under the FICC’s rules. The Firm also guarantees to the FICC the prompt and full payment and performance of its sponsored member clients’ respective obligations under the FICC’s rules. The Firm minimizes its liability under these guarantees by obtaining a security interest in the cash or high-quality securities collateral that the clients place with the clearing house; therefore, the Firm expects the risk of loss to be remote. The Firm’s maximum possible exposure, without taking into consideration the associated collateral, is included in the Exchange & clearing house guarantees and commitments line on page 161. Refer to Note 11 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information on credit risk mitigation practices on resale agreements and the types of collateral pledged under repurchase agreements.
Guarantees of subsidiaries
The Parent Company has guaranteed certain long-term debt and structured notes of its subsidiaries, including JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC (“JPMFC”), a
100
%-owned finance subsidiary. All securities issued by JPMFC are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent Company and no other subsidiary of the Parent Company guarantees these securities. These guarantees, which rank pari passu with the Firm’s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, are not included in the table on page 161 of this Note. Refer to Note 20 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information.
Note 23 –
Pledged assets and collateral
Refer to Note 29 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of the Firm’s pledged assets and collateral.
Pledged assets
The Firm pledges financial assets that it owns to maintain potential borrowing capacity at discount windows with Federal Reserve