and the FDIC were both to determine that a resolution plan submitted by JPMorganChase has deficiencies, they could jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on JPMorganChase’s growth, activities or operations. The agencies could also require that JPMorganChase restructure, reorganize or divest assets or businesses in ways that could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s operations and strategy.
Holders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s debt and equity securities will absorb losses if it were to enter into a resolution.
Federal Reserve rules require that JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Parent Company”) maintain minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity with specific terms (“eligible LTD”) for purposes of recapitalizing JPMorganChase’s operating subsidiaries if the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution either:
•
in a bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or
•
in a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (“Title II”).
If the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution, holders of eligible LTD, other unsecured creditors and holders of equity securities of the Parent Company will absorb the losses of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries.
The preferred “single point of entry” strategy under JPMorganChase’s resolution plan contemplates that the Parent Company would enter bankruptcy proceedings and JPMorganChase’s material subsidiaries would be recapitalized, as needed, so that they could continue normal operations or subsequently be divested or wound down in an orderly manner. As a result, the Parent Company’s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of the Parent Company’s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including holders of eligible LTD. Claims of the Parent Company's shareholders and unsecured creditors would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of JPMorganChase’s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of the Parent Company.
Accordingly, in a resolution of the Parent Company in bankruptcy, unsecured creditors of the Parent Company, including holders of eligible LTD of the Parent Company, would realize value only to the extent available to the Parent Company as a shareholder of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of the Parent Company have been fully repaid.
The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single point of entry recapitalization model would be its expected strategy to resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as the Parent Company, under Title II. However, the FDIC has not formally adopted or committed to any specific resolution strategy.
If the Parent Company were to approach, or enter into, a resolution, none of the Parent Company, the Federal