review and approval of the Risk Governance and Oversight Policy.
The Firm’s CRO oversees and delegates authority to the Firmwide Risk Executives (“FREs”), the Chief Risk Officers of the LOBs and Corporate (“LOB CROs”), and the Firm’s Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”), who, in turn, establish Risk Management and Compliance organizations, develop the Firm’s risk governance policies and standards, and define and oversee the implementation of the Firm’s risk governance framework. The LOB CROs oversee risks that arise in their LOBs and Corporate, while FREs oversee risks that span across the LOBs and Corporate, as well as functions and regions. Each area of the Firm that gives rise to risk is expected to operate within the parameters identified by the IRM function, and within the risk and control standards established by its own management.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Three lines of defense
The Firm’s “three lines of defense” are as follows:
The
first line of defense consists of each LOB, Treasury and CIO, and certain Other Corporate initiatives, including their aligned Operations, Technology and Control Management. The first line of defense owns the risks, and identification of risks, associated with their respective activities and the design and execution of controls to manage those risks. Responsibilities also include adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations and implementation of the risk governance framework established by IRM, which may include policies, standards, limits, thresholds and controls.
The second line of defense is the IRM function, which is separate from the first line of defense and is responsible for independently measuring risk, as well as assessing and challenging the risk management activities of the first line of defense. IRM is also responsible for the identification of risks within its organization, its own adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations and for the development and implementation of policies and standards with respect to its own processes.
The third line of defense is Internal Audit, an independent function that provides objective assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of Firmwide processes, controls, governance and risk management. The Internal Audit function is led by the General Auditor, who reports to the Audit Committee and administratively to the CEO.
In addition, there are other functions that contribute to the Firmwide control environment but are not considered part of a particular line of defense, including Corporate Finance, Human Resources and Legal. These other functions are responsible for the identification of risks within their respective organizations, adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations and implementation of the risk governance framework established by IRM.
Risk identification and ownership
The LOBs and Corporate are responsible for the identification of risks within their respective organizations, as well as the design and execution of controls,