subsidiaries are regulated by the banking, securities, prudential, payments and conduct regulatory authorities, as applicable, in the countries in which they operate.
Permissible business activities
. The Bank Holding Company Act restricts BHCs from engaging in business activities other than the business of banking and certain closely-related activities. FHCs are permitted to engage in a broader range of financial activities. The Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC’s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet applicable eligibility requirements. The Federal Reserve may also impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements on the FHC, and if deficiencies are persistent, may require divestiture of the FHC’s depository institutions. If any
depository institution controlled by an FHC fails to maintain a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act, the Federal Reserve must prohibit the FHC and its subsidiaries from engaging in any new activities other than those permissible for BHCs, or acquiring a company engaged in such activities.
Capital and liquidity requirements
. The Federal Reserve establishes capital, liquidity and leverage requirements for JPMorganChase that are generally consistent with the international Basel III capital and liquidity framework and evaluates the Firm’s compliance with those requirements. The OCC establishes similar requirements for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Certain of the Firm’s non-U.S. subsidiaries and branches are also subject to local capital and liquidity requirements.
Banking supervisors globally continue to refine and enhance the Basel III capital framework for financial institutions. In July 2023, U.S. banking regulators released a proposal to amend the U.S. risk-based capital framework to incorporate certain elements of the revised international Basel III capital framework. The proposal would significantly revise risk-based capital requirements for banks with assets of $100 billion or more, including the Firm and other U.S. global systemically important banks ("GSIBs"). Finalization of the proposal, including the required implementation date, is uncertain. The Firm continues to monitor developments and potential impacts.
In the EU and U.K., regulators have finalized the rules implementing their Basel III frameworks. The new rules became effective in the EU beginning January 1, 2025, with market risk aspects delayed until January 1, 2026. In January 2025, the PRA announced that it intends to delay the implementation of the new rules in the U.K. to January 1, 2027. There are certain transitional arrangements applicable in both the EU and U.K. until 2032 and 2030, respectively.
Stress tests
. As a large BHC, JPMorganChase is subject to supervisory stress testing administered by the Federal Reserve as part of the Federal Reserve’s annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”) framework.