JPMorganChase and its eligible subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. JPMorganChase uses the asset and liability method to provide for income taxes on all transactions recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. This method requires that income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for book and tax purposes. Accordingly, a deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference is determined based on the tax rates that the Firm expects to be in effect when the underlying items of income and expense are realized. JPMorganChase’s expense for income taxes includes the current and deferred portions of that expense. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount the Firm expects to realize.
Due to the inherent complexities arising from the nature of the Firm’s businesses, and from conducting business and being taxed in a substantial number of jurisdictions, significant judgments and estimates are required to be made. Agreement of tax liabilities between JPMorganChase and the many tax jurisdictions in which the Firm files tax returns may not be finalized for several years. Thus, the Firm’s final tax-related assets and liabilities may ultimately be different from those currently reported.
Effective January 1, 2024, the Firm adopted updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method guidance, under the modified retrospective method. Refer to Notes 1, 6 and 14 for additional information.
Effective tax rate and expense
The following table presents a reconciliation of the applicable statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the effective tax rate.
(a)
Income tax expense associated with the First Republic acquisition was reflected in the estimated bargain purchase gain, which resulted in a reduction in the Firm’s effective tax rate.
The following table reflects the components of income tax expense/(benefit) included in the Consolidated statements of income.
Total income tax expense includes $
314
million, $
68
million and $
331
million of tax benefits in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, resulting from the resolution of tax audits.
Tax effect of items recorded in stockholders’ equity
The preceding table does not reflect the tax effect of certain items that are recorded each period directly in stockholders’ equity, which are predominantly reflected in OCI as disclosed in Note 24. For the year ended December 31, 2024, stockholders’ equity reflected the tax effect associated with the Firm’s adoption of the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method guidance. For the year ended December 31, 2023, stockholders’ equity  reflected the tax effect associated with the Firm’s adoption of the TDR accounting guidance. Both of the respective adoptions were recognized in retained earnings. Refer to