Firm and a Code of Ethics for its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and all other professionals of the Firm worldwide serving in a finance, accounting, treasury, tax or investor relations role. The Code of Ethics is also available in print upon request to the Firm’s Investor Relations team. Within the time period required by the SEC, JPMorganChase will post on its website any amendment to the Code of Ethics and any waiver applicable to a director or executive officer.
Insider Trading Policy
JPMorganChase has
adopted
an insider trading policy applicable to its directors, officers and employees, as well as to JPMorganChase itself, governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the Firm’s securities (the “Insider Trading Policy”). The Firm believes that the Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable U.S. federal securities laws and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange relating to insider trading. The Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this 2024 Form 10-K.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
Refer to Item 10.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
Refer to Item 10 for security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management.
The following table sets forth the total number of shares available for issuance under JPMorganChase’s employee share-based incentive plans (including shares available for issuance to non-employee directors). The Firm is not authorized to grant share-based incentive awards to non-employees, other than to non-employee directors.
(a)
Does not include restricted stock units or performance stock units granted under the shareholder-approved Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”), as amended and restated effective May 21, 2024. Refer to Note 9 for further information.
(b)
Represents shares available for future issuance under the shareholder-approved LTIP.
All shares available for future issuance will be issued under the shareholder-approved LTIP. Refer to Note 9 for further discussion.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
Refer to Item 10.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.
Refer to Item 10.
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.
Part IV
(a)    This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
(b)    Filed herewith.
(c)    Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
(d)    Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, includes the following financial information included in the Firm’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business