individual investors.
Asset Management has two high-level measures of its overall fund performance:
Percentage of active mutual fund and active ETF assets under management in funds rated 4- or 5-star
: Mutual fund rating services rank funds based on their risk-adjusted performance over various periods. A 5-star rating is the best rating and represents the top 10% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 4-star rating represents the next 22.5% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 3-star rating represents the next 35% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 2-star rating represents the next 22.5% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 1-star rating is the worst rating and represents the bottom 10% of industry-wide ranked funds. An overall Morningstar rating is derived from a weighted average of the performance associated with a fund’s three-, five- and ten- year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. For U.S.-domiciled funds, separate star ratings are provided at the individual share class level.
The Nomura “star rating” is based on three-year risk-adjusted performance only. Funds with fewer than three years of history are not rated and hence excluded from these rankings. All ratings, the assigned peer categories and the asset values used to derive these rankings are sourced from the applicable fund rating provider. Where applicable, the fund rating providers redenominate asset values into U.S. dollars. The percentage of AUM is based on star ratings at the share class level for U.S.-domiciled funds, and at a “primary share class” level to represent the star rating of all other funds, except for Japan, for which Nomura provides ratings at the fund level. The performance data may have been different if all share classes had been included. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Percentage of active mutual fund and active ETF assets under management in funds ranked in the 1st or 2nd quartile (one, three, and five years):
All quartile rankings, the assigned peer categories and the asset values used to derive these rankings are sourced from the fund rating providers. Quartile rankings are based on the net-of-fee absolute return of each fund. Where applicable, the fund rating providers redenominate asset values into U.S. dollars. The percentage of AUM is based on fund performance and associated peer rankings at the share class level for U.S.-domiciled funds, at a “primary share class” level to represent the quartile ranking for U.K., Luxembourg and Hong Kong funds and at the fund level for all other funds. The performance data may have been different if all share classes had been included. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
“
Primary share class
” means the C share class for European funds and Acc share class for Hong Kong and Taiwan funds. If these share classes are not available, the oldest share class is used as the primary share class.
180
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
Refer to the Market Risk