not meaningful as the maximum and minimum VaR for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the components.
(b)
Includes the derivative CVA, hedges of the CVA and credit protection purchased against certain retained loans and lending-related commitments, which are reported in principal transactions revenue. This VaR does not include the retained loan portfolio, which is not reported at fair value.
(c)
Includes credit protection purchased against certain retained loans and lending-related commitments. This VaR does not include the retained loan portfolio, which is not reported at fair value.
(d)
Includes a legacy private equity position which is publicly traded.
(e)
In the first quarter of 2025, the elevated average and maximum VaR was due to a client-driven equity position that has since matured.
Quarter over quarter results
Average total VaR for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased by $10 million, when compared with December 31, 2024, due to a client-driven equity position that has since matured and increases in commodities, both amid a volatile market. This was partially offset by market volatility rolling out of the one-year historical look-back period impacting the Foreign exchange risk type.
Year over year results
Average total VaR for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased by $2 million compared with the same period in the prior year due to a client-driven equity position that has since matured and increases in commodities, both amid a volatile market. This was partially offset by market volatility rolling out of the one-year historical look-back period impacting the Foreign exchange risk type.
The following graph presents daily Risk Management VaR for the five trailing quarters. The movements in the second quarter of 2024 were primarily driven by changes in Visa Class C common share exposure in the Firm's Corporate VaR and the movements in the first quarter of 2025 were due to a client-driven equity position that has since matured.
Daily Risk Management VaR
66
VaR backtesting
The Firm performs daily VaR model backtesting, which compares the daily Risk Management VaR results with the daily gains and losses that are utilized for VaR backtesting purposes. The gains and losses depicted in the chart below do not reflect the Firm’s reported revenue as they exclude certain components of total net revenue, such as those associated with the execution of new transactions (i.e., intraday client-driven trading and intraday risk management activities), fees, commissions, other valuation adjustments and net interest income. These excluded components of total net revenue may more than offset the backtesting gain or loss on a particular day. The definition of backtesting gains and losses above is consistent with the requirements for backtesting under Basel III capital rules.
A backtesting exception occurs when the daily backtesting loss exceeds the daily Risk Management VaR for the prior day. Under the Firm’s Risk