and transaction based fees. Our core product offering is organized into four key areas: custody, fund services, liquidity and trading services, and data solutions. These services are marketed primarily to institutional investors.
Description of certain business metrics:
Assets under custody (“AUC”):
represents activities associated with the safekeeping and servicing of assets on which Securities Services earns fees.
Investment banking fees:
represents advisory, equity underwriting, bond underwriting and loan syndication fees.
Description of CIB client coverage segment for Banking & Payments revenue
(a)
:
Global Corporate Banking & Global Investment Banking:
provides banking products and services generally to large corporations, financial institutions and merchants.
Commercial Banking:
provides banking products and services generally to middle market clients, including start-ups, small and mid-sized companies, local governments, municipalities, and nonprofits, as well as to commercial real estate clients.
Other:
includes amounts related to credit protection purchased against certain retained loans and lending-related commitments in Lending, the impact of equity investments in Payments and revenues not aligned with a primary client coverage segment.
(a)
Global Banking
is a client coverage view within the Banking & Payments business and is comprised of the Global Corporate Banking, Global Investment Banking and Commercial Banking client coverage segments
.
179
ASSET & WEALTH MANAGEMENT (“AWM”)
Assets under management (“AUM”):
represent assets managed by AWM on behalf of its Private Banking, Global Institutional and Global Funds clients. Includes “Committed capital not Called.”
Client assets:
represent assets under management, as well as custody, brokerage, administration and deposit accounts.
Multi-asset:
Any fund or account that allocates assets under management to more than one asset class.
Alternative assets "Alternatives":
The following types of assets constitute alternative investments – hedge funds, currency, real estate, private equity and other investment funds designed to focus on nontraditional strategies.
AWM’s lines of business consist of the following:
Asset Management:
offers multi-asset investment management solutions across equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market funds to institutional and retail investors providing for a broad range of clients’ investment needs.
Global Private Bank:
provides retirement products and services, brokerage, custody, trusts and estates, loans, mortgages, deposits and investment management to high net worth clients.
AWM’s client segments consist of the following:
Private Banking:
clients include high- and ultra-high-net-worth individuals, families, money managers and business owners.
Global Institutional:
clients include both corporate and public institutions, endowments, foundations, nonprofit organizations and governments worldwide.
Global Funds:
clients include financial intermediaries and