receivables related to client-driven activities in Markets
.
Premises and equipment
increased primarily as a result of the construction-in-process associated with the Firm's headquarters, and purchases of properties. Refer to Notes 16 and 18 for additional information.
Goodwill, MSRs and other intangibles
:
Refer to Note 15 for additional information.
Other assets
increased primarily due to higher cash collateral placed with central counterparties ("CCP") in Markets, the impact of the adoption of updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures guidance effective January 1, 2024, and higher auto operating lease assets in CCB. Refer to Notes 1, 6, 14 and 25 for additional information on updates to the accounting guidance.
Deposits
increased, reflecting:
•
an increase in CIB due to net inflows predominantly in Payments, largely offset by net maturities of structured notes in Markets,
•
an increase in AWM as a result of growth in balances in new and existing client accounts, reflecting the impact of higher-yielding product offerings, largely offset by continued migration into other investments, and
•
a decline in CCB primarily driven by a decrease in balances in existing accounts due to increased customer spending and migration into higher-yielding investments, predominantly offset by new accounts.
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements
increased driven by Markets, reflecting higher client-driven market-making activities and higher secured financing of trading assets.
Short-term borrowings
increased driven by Markets, reflecting net issuance of structured notes due to client demand, and higher financing requirements.
Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 108–115 for additional information on deposits, federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, and short-term borrowings; Notes 2 and 17 for deposits; and Note 11 for federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements.
Trading liabilities
increased due to client-driven market-making activities primarily in Fixed Income Markets, which resulted in higher levels of short positions in debt instruments. Refer to Notes 2 and 5 for additional information.
Accounts payable and other liabilities
decreased primarily driven by lower payables
in Payments related to the timing of processing payment activities, due to December 31, 2023 falling on a weekend
, as well as lower client payables related to client-driven activities in Markets, partially offset by the impact of the adoption of updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures guidance effective January 1, 2024. Refer to Note 19 for additional information on accounts payable; and Notes 1, 6, 14 and 25 for additional information on updates to the accounting guidance.
Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs
increased driven by the issuance of credit card securitizations in Treasury and CIO, and