presents the Firm’s Basel III CET1 capital ratio requirements under the Basel III rules currently in effect.
All banking institutions are currently required to have a minimum CET1 capital ratio of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets.
Certain banking organizations, including the Firm, are required to hold additional levels of capital to serve as a “capital conservation buffer”. The capital conservation buffer incorporates a GSIB surcharge, a discretionary countercyclical capital buffer and a fixed capital conservation buffer of 2.5% for Advanced regulatory capital requirements, as well as a variable SCB requirement, floored at 2.5%, for Standardized regulatory capital requirements.
Under the Federal Reserve’s GSIB rule, the Firm is required to assess its GSIB surcharge on an annual basis under two separately prescribed methods based on data for the previous fiscal year-end, and is subject to the higher of the two. “Method 1” reflects the GSIB surcharge as prescribed by the Basel Committee’s assessment methodology, and is calculated across five criteria: size, cross-jurisdictional activity, interconnectedness, complexity and substitutability. “Method 2” modifies the Method 1 requirements to include a measure of short-term wholesale funding in place of substitutability, and introduces a GSIB score “multiplication factor”.
The following table presents the Firm’s effective GSIB surcharge for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. For 2025, the Firm’s effective regulatory minimum GSIB surcharge calculated under both
Method 1 and Method 2 remains unchanged at 2.5% and 4.5%, respectively.
The U.S. federal regulatory capital standards include a framework for setting a discretionary countercyclical capital buffer taking into account the macro financial environment in which large, internationally active banks function. As of December 31, 2024, the U.S. countercyclical capital buffer remained at 0%. The Federal Reserve will continue to review the buffer at least annually. The buffer can be increased if the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC determine that systemic risks are meaningfully above normal and can be calibrated up to an additional 2.5% of RWA subject to a 12-month implementation period.
Failure to maintain regulatory capital equal to or in excess of the risk-based regulatory capital minimum plus the capital conservation buffer (inclusive of the GSIB surcharge) and any countercyclical buffer will result in limitations to the amount of capital that the Firm may distribute, such as through dividends and common share repurchases, as well as on discretionary bonus payments for certain executive officers.
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity
The Federal Reserve’s TLAC rule requires the U.S. GSIB top-tier holding companies, including the Firm, to maintain minimum levels of external TLAC and eligible LTD. Refer to TLAC on page 106 for additional information.
Leverage-based Capital Regulatory Requirements
Supplementary leverage ratio
Banking organizations subject