market-based trading and transaction multiples for relevant competitors. Trading and transaction comparables are used as general indicators to assess the overall reasonableness of the estimated fair values, although precise conclusions generally cannot be drawn due to the differences that
naturally exist between the Firm’s businesses and competitor institutions.
The Firm also takes into consideration a comparison between the aggregate fair values of the Firm’s reporting units and JPMorganChase’s market capitalization. In evaluating this comparison, the Firm considers several factors, including (i) a control premium that would exist in a market transaction, (ii) factors related to the level of execution risk that would exist at the Firmwide level that do not exist at the reporting unit level and (iii) short-term market volatility and other factors that do not directly affect the value of individual reporting units.
Unanticipated declines in business performance, increases in credit losses, increases in capital requirements, as well as deterioration in economic or market conditions, adverse regulatory or legislative changes or increases in the estimated market cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of the Firm’s reporting units to decline in the future, which could result in a material impairment loss to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill.
Mortgage servicing rights
MSRs represent the fair value of expected future cash flows for performing servicing activities for others. The fair value considers estimated future servicing fees and ancillary revenue, offset by estimated costs to service the loans, and generally declines over time as net servicing cash flows are received, effectively amortizing the MSR asset against contractual servicing and ancillary fee income. MSRs are either purchased from third parties or recognized upon sale or securitization of mortgage loans if servicing is retained.
As permitted by U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to account for its MSRs at fair value. The Firm treats its MSRs as a single class of servicing assets based on the availability of market inputs used to measure the fair value of its MSR asset and its treatment of MSRs as one aggregate pool for risk management purposes. The Firm estimates the fair value of MSRs using an option-adjusted spread (“OAS”) model, which projects MSR cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios in conjunction with the Firm’s prepayment model, and then discounts these cash flows at risk-adjusted rates. The model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, costs to service, late charges and other ancillary revenue, and other economic factors. The Firm compares fair value estimates and assumptions to observable market data where available, and also considers recent market activity and actual portfolio experience.
Notes to consolidated financial statements