income, as well as net interest income. The Firm assesses its Markets business performance on a total revenue basis, as offsets generally occur across revenue line items. For example, securities that generate net interest income may be risk-managed by derivatives that are reflected at fair value in principal transactions revenue. Refer to Notes 6 and 7 for a description of the composition of these income statement line items.
Principal transactions reflects revenue on financial instruments and commodities transactions that arise from client-driven market-making activity. Principal transactions revenue includes amounts recognized upon executing new transactions with market participants, as well as “inventory-related revenue,” which is revenue recognized from gains and losses on derivatives and other instruments that the Firm has been holding in anticipation of, or in response to, client demand, and changes in the fair value of instruments
used by the Firm to actively manage the risk exposure arising from such inventory. Principal transactions revenue recognized upon executing new transactions with market participants is affected by many factors including the level of client activity, the bid-offer spread (which is the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing and able to sell an instrument to the Firm and the price at which another market participant is willing and able to buy it from the Firm, and vice versa), market liquidity and volatility. These factors are interrelated and sensitive to the same factors that drive inventory-related revenue, which include general market conditions, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity and commodity prices, as well as other macroeconomic conditions.
For the periods presented below, the primary source of principal transactions revenue was the amount recognized upon executing new transactions.
(a)
The decline in Equity Markets net interest income was driven by higher funding costs.
(b)
Markets consists of Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Loss days represent the number of days for which Markets recorded losses in total net revenue, which includes revenue related to both trading and non-trading positions. The loss days determined under this measure differ from the measure used to determine backtesting gains and losses. Daily backtesting gains and losses include positions in the Firm’s Risk Management value-at-risk ("VaR") measure and exclude certain components of total net revenue, which may more than offset backtesting gains or losses on a particular day. For more information on daily backtesting gains and losses, refer to the VaR discussion on pages 143–145.
(c)
In the fourth quarter of 2024, certain net funding costs that were previously allocated to Fixed Income Markets were reclassified to Equity Markets. Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation.
(a)
Consists of mutual funds, unit investment trusts,