her income.
Option ARMs
The option ARM real estate loan product is an adjustable-rate mortgage loan that provides the borrower with the option each month to make a fully amortizing, interest-only or minimum payment. The minimum payment on an option ARM loan is based on the interest rate charged during the introductory period. This introductory rate is usually significantly below the fully indexed rate. The fully indexed rate is calculated using an index rate plus a margin. Once the introductory period ends, the contractual interest rate charged on the loan increases to the fully indexed rate and adjusts monthly to reflect movements in the index. The minimum payment is typically insufficient to cover interest accrued in the prior month, and any unpaid interest is deferred and added to the principal balance of the loan. Option ARM loans are subject to payment recast, which converts the loan to a variable-rate fully amortizing loan upon meeting specified loan balance and anniversary date triggers.
Prime
Prime mortgage loans are made to borrowers with good credit records who meet specific underwriting requirements, including prescriptive requirements related to income and overall debt levels. New prime mortgage borrowers provide full documentation and generally have reliable payment histories.
Subprime
Subprime loans are loans that, prior to mid-2008, were offered to certain customers with one or more high risk characteristics, including but not limited to: (i) unreliable or poor payment histories; (ii) a high LTV ratio of greater than 80% (without borrower-paid mortgage insurance); (iii) a high debt-to-income ratio; (iv) an occupancy type for the loan is other than the borrower’s
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
primary residence; or (v) a history of delinquencies or late payments on the loan.
MREL:
Minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities
MSR:
Mortgage servicing rights
Multi-asset:
Any fund or account that allocates assets under management to more than one asset class.
NA:
Data is not applicable or available for the period presented.
NAV:
Net Asset Value
Net Capital Rule:
Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Net charge-off/(recovery) rate:
Represents net charge-offs/(recoveries) (annualized) divided by average retained loans for the reporting period.
Net interchange income
includes the following components:
•
Interchange income
: Fees earned by credit and debit card issuers on sales transactions.
•
Rewards costs
: The cost to the Firm for points earned by cardholders enrolled in credit card rewards programs generally tied to sales transactions.
•
Partner payments
: Payments to co-brand credit card partners based on the cost of loyalty program rewards earned by cardholders on credit card transactions.
Net mortgage servicing revenue:
Includes operating revenue earned from servicing third-party mortgage loans, which is recognized over the period in which the service is provided; changes in the fair value of MSRs; the