Analysis and Review
CCB:
Consumer & Community Banking
CCP:
Central Counterparty
CDS
: Credit default swaps
CECL:
Current Expected Credit Losses
CEO:
Chief Executive Officer
CET1 capital
: Common equity Tier 1 capital
CFO:
Chief Financial Officer
CFTC
: Commodity Futures Trading Commission
CIB:
Commercial & Investment Bank
CIO:
Chief Investment Office
Client assets
: Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage, administration and deposit accounts.
Client deposits and other third-party liabilities:
Deposits, as well as deposits that are swept to on-balance sheet liabilities (e.g., commercial paper, federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements) as part of client cash management programs.
Client investment assets
: Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage and annuity accounts, and deposits held in investment accounts.
CLTV
: Combined loan-to-value
CMT:
Constant Maturity Treasury
Collateral-dependent
: A loan is considered to be collateral-dependent when repayment of the loan is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the
collateral when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, including when foreclosure is deemed probable based on borrower delinquency.
Commercial Card:
provides a wide range of payment services to corporate and public sector clients worldwide through the commercial card products. Services include procurement, corporate travel and entertainment, expense management services, and business-to-business payment solutions.
Credit derivatives
:
Financial instruments whose value is derived from the credit risk associated with the debt of a third-party issuer (the reference entity) which allow one party (the protection purchaser) to transfer that risk to another party (the protection seller). Upon the occurrence of a credit event by the reference entity, which may include, among other events, the bankruptcy or failure to pay its obligations, or certain restructurings of the debt of the reference entity, neither party has recourse to the reference entity. The protection purchaser has recourse to the protection seller for the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value at the time of settling the credit derivative contract. The determination as to whether a credit event has occurred is generally made by the relevant International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) Determinations Committee.
Criticized
: Criticized loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables that are
172
classified as special mention, substandard and doubtful categories for regulatory purposes and are generally consistent with a rating of CCC+/Caa1 and below, as defined by S&P and Moody’s.
CRR:
Capital Requirements Regulation
CVA:
Credit valuation adjustment
DVA:
Debit valuation adjustment
EC
: European Commission
Eligible HQLA:
Eligible high-quality liquid assets, for purposes of calculating the LCR, is the