Insurers filed actions against the DOL seeking to enjoin this rule, and in July 2024, the effective date of the rule was stayed by two United States District Courts.
Part I
Human capital
JPMorganChase believes that its long-term growth and success depend on its ability to attract, develop and retain talented employees and foster an inclusive work environment. The information provided below relates to JPMorganChase’s full-time and part-time employees and does not include the Firm’s contractors.
Global workforce
As of December 31, 2024, JPMorganChase had 317,233 employees globally, an increase of 7,307 employees from the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to growth in the number of front office and technology employees. JPMorganChase’s employees are located in 66 countries, with 59% of the Firm’s employees located in the U.S. The following table presents the distribution of the Firm’s global workforce by region and by line of business (“LOB”) and Corporate as of December 31, 2024:
Workforce composition
The following table presents information based on voluntary self-identifications by the Firm’s employees, including members of the Firm’s Operating Committee and other senior level employees, as well as members of the Board of Directors, as of December 31, 2024. Information on race/ethnicity of employees is categorized based on Equal Employment Opportunity (“EEO”) classifications and is presented for U.S. employees who self-identified, and information on gender is presented for global employees who self-identified. Information on race/ethnicity and gender for members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors reflects all such members. Information on LGBTQ+ and veteran statuses is based on all U.S. employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors. Information on disability status is based on all U.S. employees and all members of the Operating Committee.
(a)
Based on EEO metrics. Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self-identified race/ethnicity, which was 97% and 95% of the Firm’s total U.S.-based employees and U.S.-based senior level employees, respectively, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors. Information for the Operating Committee includes one member who is based outside of the U.S.
(b)
Other includes American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, and two or more races/ethnicities.
(c)
Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self-identified gender, which was 99% of each of the Firm’s total global employees and senior level employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors.
(d)
Presented as a percentage of total U.S.-based employees, total U.S.-based senior level employees, all members of the Operating Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively.
(e)
Senior level employees represents employees with the titles of Managing