over the expected life of the loan by applying credit loss factors to the estimated exposure at default. The credit loss factors applied are determined based on the weighted average of five internally developed macroeconomic scenarios that take into consideration the Firm's economic outlook as derived through forecast macroeconomic variables, the most significant of which are U.S. unemployment and U.S. real gross domestic product. This quantitative calculation is further adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision, emerging risk assessments, trends and other subjective factors that are not yet otherwise reflected in the credit loss estimate.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for loan losses for the portfolio-based component of the wholesale and credit card loan portfolios is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment and estimation by management in the forecast of macroeconomic variables, specifically U.S. unemployment and U.S. real gross domestic product, as the Firm’s forecasts of economic conditions significantly affect its estimate of expected credit losses at the balance sheet date, (ii) the significant
judgment and estimation by management in determining the quantitative calculation utilized in their credit loss estimates and the adjustments to take into consideration model imprecision, emerging risk assessments, trends and other subjective factors that are not yet otherwise reflected in the credit loss estimate, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating audit evidence obtained relating to the credit loss estimates and the appropriateness of the adjustments to the credit loss estimates, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Firm’s allowance for loan losses, including controls over model validation and generation of macroeconomic scenarios. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for estimating the allowance for loan losses, which involved (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the models and methodologies used in quantitative calculations; (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of forecasts of U.S. unemployment and U.S. real gross domestic product; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the estimate; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management’s adjustments to the quantitative output for the impacts of model imprecision, emerging risk assessments, trends and other subjective factors that are not yet otherwise reflected in the credit loss estimate. These procedures also included the use of professionals