Corporate, and risk-rated exposure held in CCB, for which the wholesale methodology is applied when determining the allowance for loan losses.
As of December 31, 2024, loans increased $19.8 billion, driven by higher loans in CIB and higher securities-based lending in AWM. Lending-related commitments decreased $5.3 billion, with decreases in AWM and CCB, largely offset by higher commitments in CIB.
As of December 31, 2024, nonperforming exposure increased by $2.3 billion, predominantly driven by Real Estate, concentrated in Office, Healthcare and Consumer & Retail, in each case resulting from downgrades.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, wholesale net charge-offs were $822 million, largely driven by Real Estate, concentrated in Office, and client-specific charge-offs across multiple industries including Consumer & Retail and Individuals.
(a)
Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM; these are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets.
(b)
Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives and credit-related notes used to manage both performing and nonperforming wholesale credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. Refer to Credit derivatives on page 136 and Note 5 for additional information.
Wholesale credit exposure – maturity and ratings profile
The following tables present the maturity and internal risk ratings profiles of the wholesale credit portfolio as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. The Firm generally considers internal ratings with qualitative characteristics equivalent to BBB-/Baa3 or higher as investment grade, and takes into consideration collateral and structural support when determining the internal risk rating for each credit facility. Refer to Note 12 for further information on internal risk ratings.
(a)
Loans held-for-sale are primarily related to syndicated loans and loans transferred from the retained portfolio.
(b)
These derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP.
(c)
The notional amounts are presented on a net basis by underlying reference entity and the ratings profile shown is based on the ratings of the reference entity on which protection has been purchased. Predominantly all of the credit derivatives entered into by the Firm where it has purchased protection used in credit portfolio management activities are executed with investment-grade counterparties. In addition, the Firm obtains credit protection against certain loans in the retained loan portfolio through the issuance of credit-related notes.
(d)
The maturity profile of retained loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables is generally based on remaining contractual maturity. Derivative contracts that are in a receivable position at December 31, 2024, may become payable prior to maturity based on their cash flow profile or