Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 requires the relevant federal banking regulator to take “prompt corrective action” with respect to a depository institution if that institution does not meet certain
Part I
capital adequacy standards. The Federal Reserve is also authorized to take appropriate action against the parent BHC, such as JPMorgan Chase & Co., based on the undercapitalized status of any bank subsidiary. In certain instances, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the capital restoration plan for its undercapitalized subsidiary.
Heightened Supervisory Standards.
In the U.S., the OCC has established guidelines setting forth heightened standards for large banks, including minimum standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework for banks. Under these standards, a bank’s risk governance framework must ensure that the bank’s risk profile is easily distinguished and separate from that of its parent BHC for risk management purposes. The bank’s board or risk committee is responsible for approving the bank’s risk governance framework, providing active oversight of the bank’s risk-taking activities, and holding management accountable for adhering to the risk governance framework.
The Firm’s banking entities in the EU and the U.K. are subject to supervisory expectations published by the ECB and the PRA, respectively, addressing bank strategy, governance and risk management in the areas of climate change, operational resilience, reliance on IT systems and third-party services, and resilience from macro-financial and geopolitical shocks.
Restrictions on transactions with affiliates.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions imposed by federal law on extensions of credit to, investments in stock or securities of, and derivatives, securities lending and certain other transactions with, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and certain other affiliates. These restrictions prevent JPMorgan Chase & Co. and other affiliates from borrowing from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries unless the loans are secured in specified amounts and comply with certain other requirements.
Dividend restrictions.
Federal law imposes limitations on the payment of dividends by national banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Refer to Note 26 for the amount of dividends that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. could pay, at January 1, 2025, to JPMorganChase without the approval of the banking regulators. The OCC and the Federal Reserve also have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends of a bank subsidiary that they supervise if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the bank.
Depositor preference.
Under federal law, the claims of a receiver of an insured depositary institution (“IDI”) for administrative expense and the claims of holders of
U.S. deposit liabilities (including the FDIC