attention paid to industries with an actual or potential credit concern. Refer to Note 4 for further detail on industry concentrations.
Internal risk rating is the primary credit quality indicator for retained wholesale loans. The following tables provide information on internal risk rating and gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024.
(a)
Includes loans to financial institutions, SPEs, personal investment companies and trusts, individuals and individual entities (predominantly Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB), states and political subdivisions, as well as loans to nonprofits. As of December 31, 2024, predominantly consisted of $
114.8
billion to individuals and individual entities, $
94.0
billion to financial institutions, and $
92.5
billion to SPEs. Refer to Note 14 for more information on SPEs.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
(a)
Includes loans to financial institutions, SPEs, personal investment companies and trusts, individuals and individual entities (predominantly Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB), states and political subdivisions, as well as loans to nonprofits. Refer to Note 14 for more information on SPEs.
The following table presents additional information on retained loans secured by real estate, which consists of loans secured wholly or substantially by a lien or liens on real property at origination. Multifamily lending includes financing for acquisition, leasing and construction of apartment buildings. Other commercial lending largely includes financing for acquisition, leasing and construction, largely for office, retail and industrial real estate. Included in secured by real estate loans were $
12.2
billion and $
10.2
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of construction and development loans made to finance land development and on-site construction of commercial, industrial, residential, or farm buildings
.
Geographic distribution and delinquency
The following table provides information on the geographic distribution and delinquency for retained wholesale loans.
(a)
The U.S. and non-U.S. distribution is determined based predominantly on the domicile of the borrower.
(b)
Represents loans that are considered well-collateralized and therefore still accruing interest.
Nonaccrual loans
The following table provides information on retained wholesale nonaccrual loans.
(a)
When the discounted cash flows or collateral value equals or exceeds the amortized cost of the loan, the loan does not require an allowance. This typically occurs when the loans have been partially charged off and/or there have been interest payments received and applied to the loan balance.
(b)
Interest income on nonaccrual loans recognized on a cash basis was $
51
million and $
19
million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Loan modifications
The Firm