loans were modified in TDRs during the period presented. This table excludes loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that are not considered concessions.
(a)
Represents concessions granted in permanent modifications as a percentage of the number of loans permanently modified. The sum of the percentages exceeds
100
% because predominantly all of the modifications include more than one type of concession. Concessions offered on trial modifications are generally consistent with those granted on permanent modifications.
(b)
Includes variable interest rate to fixed interest rate modifications and payment delays that meet the definition of a TDR.
Financial effects of TDRs and defaults
The following table provides information about the financial effects of the various concessions granted in modifications of residential real estate loans and about defaults of certain loans modified in TDRs for the period presented. The following table presents only the financial effects of permanent modifications and does not include temporary concessions offered through trial modifications. This table also excludes loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that were not considered concessions.
(a)
Represents loans permanently modified in TDRs that experienced a payment default in the periods presented, and for which the payment default occurred within
one year
of the modification. The dollar amounts presented represent the balance of such loans at the end of the reporting period in which such loans defaulted.
Active and suspended foreclosure
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Firm had retained residential real estate loans, excluding those insured by U.S. government agencies, with a carrying value of $
576
million and $
566
million, respectively, that were not included in REO, but were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure.
Auto and other
Delinquency is the primary credit quality indicator for retained auto and other loans.
The following tables provide information on delinquency and gross charge-offs.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Nonaccrual loans and other credit quality indicators
The following table provides information on nonaccrual and geographic region as a credit quality indicator for retained auto and other consumer loans.
(a)
Generally, all consumer nonaccrual loans have an allowance. In accordance with regulatory guidance, certain nonaccrual loans that are considered collateral-dependent have been charged down to the lower of amortized cost or the fair value of their underlying collateral less costs to sell. If the value of the underlying collateral improves subsequent to charge down, the related allowance may be negative.
(b)
Interest income on nonaccrual loans recognized on a cash basis was not material for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(c)
The geographic regions presented in this table are ordered based on the magnitude of the corresponding loan balances at December 31, 2024.
Loan