also incorporate specific idiosyncratic risks and stress basis risk between different products. The flexibility in the stress framework allows the Firm to construct new scenarios that can test the outcomes against possible future stress events. Stress testing results are reported periodically to senior management of the Firm, as appropriate.
Stress methodologies are governed by the overall stress framework, under the oversight of Market Risk Management. The Firmwide Market Risk Stress Methodology Committee reviews and approves changes to stress testing methodology and scenarios across the Firm. Significant changes to the framework are escalated to senior management, as appropriate. In addition, stress methodology and the models to calculate the stress results are subject to the Firm’s Estimations and Model Risk Management Policy
The Firm’s stress testing framework is utilized in calculating the Firm’s CCAR and other stress test results, which are reported periodically to the Board of Directors. In addition, stress testing results are incorporated into the Firm’s Risk Appetite framework, and are reported periodically to the Board Risk Committee.
Profit and loss drawdowns
Profit and loss drawdowns are used to highlight trading losses above certain levels of risk tolerance. A profit and loss drawdown is a decline in revenue from its year-to-date peak level.
Structural interest rate risk management
The effect of interest rate exposure on the Firm’s reported net income is important as interest rate risk represents one of the Firm’s significant market risks. Interest rate risk arises not only from trading activities which are included in VaR, but also from the Firm’s traditional banking activities, which include extension of loans and credit facilities, taking deposits, issuing debt, as well as the investment securities portfolio, and associated derivative instruments. Refer to the table on page 142 for a summary by LOB and Corporate identifying positions included in earnings-at-risk.
Governance
The CTC Risk Committee establishes the Firm’s interest rate risk management policy and related limits, which are subject to approval by the Board Risk Committee. Treasury and CIO, working in partnership with the LOBs, calculates the Firm’s structural interest rate risk profile and reviews it with senior management, including the CTC Risk Committee. In addition, oversight of structural interest rate risk is managed through a dedicated risk function reporting to the CTC CRO. This risk function is responsible for providing independent oversight and governance around assumptions and establishing and monitoring limits for structural interest rate risk, including limits related to Earnings-at-Risk and Economic Value Sensitivity. The Firm manages structural interest rate risk generally through its investment securities portfolio and interest rate derivatives.
Key risk drivers and risk management process
Structural interest rate risk can arise due to a variety of