access and optimizing funding costs. The Firm evaluates various funding markets, tenors and currencies in creating its optimal long-term funding plan.
Unsecured funding and issuance
The significant majority of the Firm’s total outstanding long-term debt has been issued by the Parent Company to provide flexibility in support of the funding needs of both bank and non-bank subsidiaries. The Parent Company advances substantially all net funding proceeds to its subsidiary, the IHC. The IHC does not issue debt to external counterparties. The increase in structured notes for the average three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the prior year period, was primarily driven by net issuances of structured notes in Markets due to client demand.
The following table summarizes long-term unsecured issuance and maturities or redemptions for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 108–115 and Note 20 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information on the IHC and long-term debt.
(a)
Includes certain TLAC-eligible long-term unsecured debt issued by the Parent Company.
Secured funding and issuance
The Firm can also raise secured long-term funding through securitization of consumer credit card loans and FHLB advances. The following table summarizes the securitization issuance, the FHLB advances and their respective maturities or redemptions, as applicable for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(a)
Includes long-term structured notes that are secured.
The Firm’s wholesale businesses also securitize loans for client-driven transactions; those client-driven loan securitizations are not considered to be a source of funding for the Firm and are not included in the table above. Refer to Note 14 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a further description of client-driven loan securitizations.
45
Credit ratings
The cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings. Reductions in these ratings could have an adverse effect on the Firm’s access to liquidity sources, increase the cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to the Firm. The nature and magnitude of the impact of ratings downgrades depends on numerous contractual and behavioral factors, which the Firm
believes are incorporated in its liquidity risk and stress testing metrics. The Firm believes that it maintains sufficient liquidity to withstand a potential decrease in funding capacity due to ratings downgrades.
Additionally, the Firm’s funding requirements for VIEs and other third-party commitments may be adversely affected by a decline in credit ratings. Refer to Notes 4 and 13 for additional information.
The credit ratings of the Parent Company and certain of its principal subsidiaries as of March 31, 2025 were as follows:
(a)  The Moody's outlook of developing for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. reflects its