modifications
The Firm grants certain modifications of auto and other loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty.
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, retained auto and other FDMs were not material.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were
no
additional commitments to lend to borrowers modified as FDMs.
For periods ending prior to January 1, 2023, modifications of auto and other loans where the Firm granted concessions to borrowers who were experiencing financial difficulty were generally accounted for and reported as TDRs. Loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that were not considered concessions were not TDRs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, auto and other TDRs were not material.
Credit card loan portfolio
The credit card portfolio segment includes credit card loans originated and purchased by the Firm. Delinquency rates are the primary credit quality indicator for credit card loans as they provide an early warning that borrowers may be experiencing difficulties (30 days past due); information on those borrowers that have been delinquent for a longer period of time (90 days past due) is also considered. In addition to delinquency rates, the geographic distribution of the loans provides insight as to the credit quality of the portfolio based on the regional economy.
While the borrower’s credit score is another general indicator of credit quality, the Firm does not view credit scores as a primary indicator of credit quality because the borrower’s credit score tends to be a
lagging indicator. The distribution of such scores provides a general indicator of credit quality trends within the portfolio; however, the score does not capture all factors that would be predictive of future credit performance. Refreshed FICO score information, which is obtained at least quarterly, for a statistically significant random sample of the credit card portfolio is indicated in other credit quality indicators. FICO is considered to be the industry benchmark for credit scores.
The Firm generally originates new credit card accounts to prime consumer borrowers. However, certain cardholders’ FICO scores may decrease over time, depending on the performance of the cardholder and changes in the credit score calculation.
The following tables provide information on delinquency and gross charge-offs.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Other credit quality indicators
The following table provides information on other credit quality indicators for retained credit card loans.
(a)
The geographic regions presented in the table are ordered based on the magnitude of the corresponding loan balances at December 31, 2024.
Loan modifications
The Firm grants certain modifications of credit card loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. These modifications may involve placing the customer’s credit card account on a fixed payment plan, generally for
60
months, which typically includes reducing the interest rate on the