delinquency and gross charge-offs.
129
Nonaccrual loans and other credit quality indicators
The following table provides information on nonaccrual and geographic region as a credit quality indicator for retained auto and other consumer loans.
(a)
Generally, all consumer nonaccrual loans have an allowance. In accordance with regulatory guidance, certain nonaccrual loans that are considered collateral-dependent have been charged down to the lower of amortized cost or the fair value of their underlying collateral less costs to sell. If the value of the underlying collateral improves subsequent to charge down, the related allowance may be negative.
(b)
Interest income on nonaccrual loans recognized on a cash basis was not material for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
.
(c)
The geographic regions presented in this table are ordered based on the magnitude of the corresponding loan balances at March 31, 2025.
Loan modifications
The Firm grants certain modifications of auto and other loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, retained auto and other FDMs were not material.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, there were
no
additional commitments to lend to borrowers modified as FDMs.
130
Credit card loan portfolio
The credit card portfolio segment includes credit card loans originated and purchased by the Firm. Delinquency rates are the primary credit quality indicator for credit card loans.
Refer to Note 12 of JPMorganChase's 2024 Form 10-K for further information on the credit card loan portfolio, including credit quality indicators.
The following tables provide information on delinquency and gross charge-offs.
Other credit quality indicators
The following table provides information on other credit quality indicators for retained credit card loans.
(a)
The geographic regions presented in the table are ordered based on the magnitude of the corresponding loan balances at March 31, 2025.
131
Loan modifications
The Firm grants certain modifications of credit card loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. These modifications may involve placing the customer’s credit card account on a fixed payment plan, generally for
60
months, which typically includes reducing the interest rate on the credit card account. If the borrower does not make the contractual payments when due under the modified payment terms, the credit card loan continues to age and will be charged-off in accordance with the Firm's standard charge-off policy. In most cases, the Firm does not reinstate the borrower's line of credit.
Financial effects of FDMs
The following tables provide information on retained credit card FDMs.
(a)
Term extension includes credit card loans whose terms have been modified under long-term programs by placing the customer's credit card account on a fixed payment plan.
(b)
The interest rates represent the weighted average at the time of modification.
(c)
Primarily interest