stockholders’ equity to TCE.
(a)
Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and to identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles when calculating TCE.
16
The Firm is managed on an LOB basis. There are three reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial & Investment Bank, and Asset & Wealth Management – with the remaining activities in Corporate.
The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is evaluated by the Firm’s Operating Committee, whose members act collectively as the Firm’s chief operating decision maker. Segment results are presented on a managed basis. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 15-16 for a definition of managed basis.
Description of business segment reporting methodology
Results of the reportable business segments are intended to present each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives business segment results includes the allocation of certain income and expense items. The Firm periodically assesses the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, and therefore further refinements may be implemented in future periods. The Firm also assesses the level of capital required for each LOB on at least an annual basis. The Firm’s LOBs also provide various business metrics which are utilized by the Firm and its investors and analysts in assessing performance.
Revenue sharing
When business segments or businesses within each segment join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm’s clients and customers, the participating businesses may agree to share revenue from those transactions. Revenue is generally recognized in the segment responsible for the related product or service, with allocations to the other segments or businesses involved in the transaction. The segment and business results reflect these revenue-sharing agreements.
Funds transfer pricing
Funds transfer pricing (“FTP”) is the process by which the Firm allocates interest income and expense to the LOBs and Other Corporate and transfers the primary interest rate risk and liquidity risk to Treasury and CIO.
The funds transfer pricing process considers the interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics of assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet products. Periodically, the methodology and assumptions utilized in the FTP process are adjusted to reflect economic conditions and other factors, which may impact the allocation of net interest income to the segments. Effective in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Firm updated its FTP with respect to consumer deposits, which resulted in an increase in the funding benefit reflected within CCB’s net interest income that is fully