activities undertaken by the Firm’s three reportable business segments to serve their respective client bases, which generate both on- and off-balance sheet assets and liabilities.
Treasury and CIO seeks to achieve the Firm’s asset-liability management objectives generally by investing in high quality securities that are managed for the longer-term as part of the Firm’s investment securities portfolio. Treasury and CIO also uses derivatives to meet the Firm
’
s asset-liability management objectives. Refer to Note 5 for further information on derivatives. In addition, Treasury and CIO manages the Firm’s cash position primarily through deposits at central banks and investments in short-term instruments. Refer to Liq
uidity Risk Management on pages 108–115
for further information on liquidity and funding risk
. R
efer to
Market Risk Management on pages 141–149 for informatio
n on interest rate and foreign exchange risks.
The investment securities portfolio predominantly consists of U.S. and non-U.S. government securities, U.S. GSE and government agency and nonagency mortgage-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, obligations of U.S. states and municipalities and other ABS. At December 31, 2024, the Treasury and CIO investment securities portfolio, net of the allowance for credit losses, was $678.3 billion, and the average credit rating of the securities comprising the portfolio was AA+ (based upon external ratings where available and, where not available, based primarily upon internal risk ratings). Refer to Note 10 for further information on the Firm’s investment securities portfolio and internal risk ratings.
(a)
Effective January 1, 2023, the Firm adopted the portfolio layer method hedge accounting guidance. As permitted by the guidance, the Firm elected to transfer $7.1 billion of investment securities from HTM to AFS. During 2022, the Firm transferred $78.3 billion of investment securities from AFS to HTM for capital management purposes. Refer to Note 1 and Note 10 for additional information on the portfolio layer method hedge accounting guidance.
(b)
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the allowance for credit losses on investment securities was $105 million, $94 million and $67 million, respectively.
Risk is an inherent part of JPMorganChase’s business activities. When the Firm extends a consumer or wholesale loan, advises customers and clients on their investment decisions, makes markets in securities, or offers other products or services, the Firm takes on some degree of risk. The Firm’s overall objective is to manage its business, and the associated risks, in a manner that balances serving the interests of its clients, customers and investors, and protecting the safety and soundness of the Firm.
The Firm believes that effective risk management requires, among other things:
•
Acceptance of responsibility, including identification and escalation of risks by all individuals within the Firm;
•
Ownership of risk identification,