amount of unencumbered HQLA that satisfy certain operational considerations as defined in the LCR rule.
Eligible LTD:
Long-term debt satisfying certain eligibility criteria
Embedded derivatives:
are implicit or explicit terms or features of a financial instrument that affect some or all of the cash flows or the value of the instrument in a manner similar to a derivative. An instrument containing such terms or features is referred to as a “hybrid.” The component of the hybrid that is the non-derivative instrument is referred to as the “host.” For example, callable debt is a hybrid instrument that contains a plain vanilla debt instrument (i.e., the host) and an embedded option that allows the issuer to redeem the debt issue at a specified date for a specified amount (i.e., the embedded derivative). However, a floating rate instrument is not a hybrid composed of a fixed-rate instrument and an interest rate swap.
EPS:
Earnings per share
ERISA:
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
ESG:
Environmental, Social and Governance
ETD: “Exchange-traded derivatives”:
Derivative contracts that are executed on an exchange and settled via a central clearing house.
EU:
European Union
Expense categories:
•
Volume- and/or revenue-related
expenses generally correlate with changes in the related business/transaction volume or revenue. Examples of volume- and revenue-related expenses include commissions and incentive compensation, depreciation expense related to operating lease assets, and brokerage expense related to equities trading transaction volume.
•
Investments
include expenses associated with supporting medium- to longer-term strategic plans of the Firm. Examples of investments include initiatives in technology (including related compensation), marketing, and compensation for new bankers and client advisors.
•
Structural
expenses are those associated with the day-to-day cost of running the bank and are
expenses not covered by the above two categories. Examples of structural expenses include employee salaries and benefits, as well as noncompensation costs such as real estate and all other expenses.
Fannie Mae
: Federal National Mortgage Association
FASB
: Financial Accounting Standards Board
FCA
: Financial Conduct Authority
FDIC
: Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
FDM: "Financial difficulty modification"
applies to loan modifications effective January 1, 2023, and
is deemed to occur when the Firm modifies specific terms of the original loan agreement. The following types of modifications are considered FDMs: principal forgiveness, interest rate reduction, other-than-insignificant payment deferral, term extension or a combination of these modifications.
Federal Reserve:
The Board of the Governors of the Federal Reserve System
FFIEC:
Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council
FHA
: Federal Housing Administration
FHLB
: Federal Home Loan Bank
FICO score:
A measure of consumer credit risk based on information in consumer credit reports