mutual fund companies, investment managers, credit card companies, mortgage banking companies, trust companies, securities processing companies, automobile financing companies, leasing companies, e-commerce and other internet-based companies, financial technology companies, and other companies engaged in providing similar and new products and services. The Firm’s businesses generally compete on the basis of the quality and variety of the Firm’s products and services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. Competition also varies based on the types of clients, customers, industries and geographies served. With respect to some of its geographies and products, JPMorganChase competes globally; with respect to others, the Firm competes on a national or regional basis. New competitors in the financial services industry continue to emerge, including firms that offer products and services solely through the internet and non-financial companies that offer products and services that disintermediate traditional banking products and services offered by financial services firms such as JPMorganChase.
Part I
Supervision and regulation
The Firm is subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation under U.S. federal and state laws, as well as the applicable laws of the jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which the Firm does business.
Financial holding company:
Consolidated supervision
. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a bank holding company (“BHC”) and a financial holding company (“FHC”) under U.S. federal law, and is subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”). The Federal Reserve acts as the supervisor of the consolidated operations of BHCs. Certain of JPMorganChase’s subsidiaries are also regulated directly by additional authorities based on the activities or licenses of those subsidiaries.
JPMorganChase’s national bank subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., is supervised and regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) and, with respect to certain matters, by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”).
JPMorganChase’s U.S. broker-dealers are supervised and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”). Subsidiaries of the Firm that engage in certain futures-related and swaps-related activities are supervised and regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”). J.P. Morgan Securities plc holds a banking license in the U.K. and is regulated by the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”).
JPMSE is a Germany-based credit institution jointly regulated by the European Central Bank (“ECB”), the German Financial Supervisory Authority and the German Central Bank, as well as the local regulators in each of the countries in which it operates. The Firm’s other non-U.S.