grants certain modifications of wholesale loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty.
Financial effects of FDMs
The following tables provide information on retained wholesale loan modifications considered FDMs.
(a) Includes a loan with multiple modifications.
(a) Includes loans with single and multiple modifications.
(a) Include loans with multiple modifications.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
(a) Includes loans with a single modification.
(a) Includes a loan with a single modification.
Payment status of FDMs
The following table provides information on the payment status of retained wholesale FDMs during the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Defaults of FDMs
The following table provides information on retained wholesale FDMs that defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2024 that were reported as FDMs in the twelve months prior to the default, and FDMs that defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2023 that were reported as FDMs on or after January 1, 2023, the date that the Firm adopted the changes to the TDR accounting guidance.
(a)
Represents FDMs that were 30 days or more past due.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, additional unfunded commitments on modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty were $
1.8
billion at each period in Commercial and industrial, and $
69
million and $
4
million, respectively, in Other loan class. Additional commitments on modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty whose loans have been modified as FDMs in Secured by real estate were
no
t material at each period.
Nature and extent of TDRs
Prior to January 1, 2023, certain loan modifications were considered TDRs. These loan modifications provided various concessions to borrower who were experiencing financial difficulty. Loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that were not considered concessions were not TDRs nor were loans for which the Firm elected to suspend TDR accounting guidance under the option provided by the CARES Act.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, new TDRs were $
801
million. New TDRs for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflected extended maturity dates and covenant waivers primarily in the Commercial and Industrial loan class. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the impact of these modifications resulting in new TDRs was not material to the Firm.
As a result of the elimination of the requirement to assess whether a modification is reasonably expected or involves a concession, the population of loans considered FDMs is greater than the population previously considered TDRs.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 13 –
Allowance for credit losses
The Firm’s allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Firm's financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. The allowance for credit losses generally comprises:
•
the