The fair value of MSRs is sensitive to changes in interest rates, including their effect on prepayment speeds. MSRs typically decrease in value when interest rates decline because declining interest rates tend to increase prepayments and therefore reduce the expected life of the net servicing cash flows that comprise the MSR asset. Conversely, securities (e.g., mortgage-backed securities), and certain derivatives (e.g., those for which the Firm receives fixed-rate
interest payments) increase in value when interest rates decline. JPMorganChase uses combinations of derivatives and securities to manage the risk of changes in the fair value of MSRs. The intent is to offset any interest-rate related changes in the fair value of MSRs with changes in the fair value of the related risk management instruments.
The following table summarizes MSR activity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(a)
Includes purchase price adjustments associated with MSRs purchased, primarily as a result of loans that prepaid within 90 days of settlement, allowing the Firm to recover the purchase price.
(b)
Includes excess MSRs transferred to agency-sponsored trusts in exchange for stripped mortgage-backed securities (“SMBS”). In each transaction, a portion of the SMBS was acquired by third parties at the transaction date; the Firm acquired the remaining balance of those SMBS as trading securities.
(c)
Represents both the impact of changes in estimated future prepayments due to changes in market interest rates, and the difference between actual and expected prepayments.
(d)
Represents changes in prepayments other than those attributable to changes in market interest rates.
(e)
Represents amounts the Firm pays as the servicer (e.g., scheduled principal and interest, taxes and insurance), which will generally be reimbursed within a short period of time after the advance from future cash flows from the trust or the underlying loans. The Firm’s credit risk associated with these servicer advances is minimal because reimbursement of the advances is typically senior to all cash payments to investors. In addition, the Firm maintains the right to stop payment to investors if the collateral is insufficient to cover the advance. However, certain of these servicer advances may not be recoverable if they were not made in accordance with applicable rules and agreements.
The following table presents the components of mortgage fees and related income (including the impact of MSR risk management activities) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(a)
Represents both the impact of changes in estimated future prepayments due to changes in market interest rates, and the difference between actual and expected prepayments.
(b)
Represents the aggregate impact of changes in model inputs and assumptions such as projected cash flows (e.g., cost to service), discount rates and changes in prepayments other than those attributable to changes in market interest rates (e.g.,