on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is generally calculated consistently between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced. In addition to the RWA calculated under these approaches, the Firm may supplement such amounts to incorporate management judgment and feedback from its regulators.
As of December 31, 2024, the Firm’s Basel III Standardized ratios risk-based ratios were more binding than the Basel III Advanced risk-based ratios.
Additionally, Basel III requires that Advanced Approaches banking organizations, including the Firm, calculate their SLRs.
Refer to page 104 for additional information on SLR.
Key Regulatory Developments
U.S. Basel III Finalization
In July 2023, the Federal Reserve, the OCC and the FDIC released a proposal to amend the risk-based capital framework, entitled "Regulatory capital rule: Amendments applicable to large banking organizations and to banking organizations with significant trading activity", which is referred to in this Form 10-K as the "U.S. Basel III proposal". Under this proposal, changes to the framework would include replacement of the Advanced approach with an expanded risk-based approach for the calculation of RWA. In addition, the stress capital buffer requirement would be applicable to both the expanded risk-based approach and the Standardized approach.
GSIB Surcharge and TLAC and Eligible LTD Requirements
In July 2023, the Federal Reserve released a proposal to amend the calculation of the GSIB surcharge. Under the proposal, the annual GSIB surcharge would be based on an average of the quarterly surcharge calculations throughout the calendar year, with daily averaging required for certain measures. The proposal would also reduce surcharge increments from 50 bps to 10 bps and includes other technical amendments to the “Method 2” calculation. The proposed changes would revise risk-based capital requirements for the Firm and other U.S. GSIBs. Refer to Risk-based Capital Regulatory Requirements on page 100 for further information on the GSIB surcharge.
Additionally, in August 2023, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC released a proposal to expand the eligible long-term debt ("eligible LTD") and clean holding company requirements under the existing total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule to apply to non-GSIB banks with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets. The proposal would also reduce the amount of LTD with remaining maturities of less than two years that count towards a U.S. GSIB's TLAC requirement and expand the existing capital deduction framework for LTD issued by GSIBs to include LTD issued by non-GSIB banks subject to the LTD requirements.
Finalization of the above proposals, including the required implementation dates, is uncertain. The Firm continues to monitor developments and potential impacts.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Risk-based Capital Regulatory Requirements
The following chart