Volatility is a measure of the variability in possible returns for an instrument, parameter or market index given how much the particular instrument, parameter or index changes in value over time. Volatility is a pricing input for options, including equity options, commodity options, and interest rate options. Given a long position in an option, an increase in volatility, in isolation, would generally result in an increase in a fair value measurement.
The level of volatility used in the valuation of a particular option-based derivative depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the risk underlying the option (e.g., the volatility of a particular equity security may be significantly different from that of a particular commodity index), the tenor of the derivative as well as the strike price of the option.
Bermudan switch value – The switch value is the difference between the overall value of a Bermudan swaption, which can be exercised at multiple points in time, and its most expensive European swaption and reflects the additional value that the multiple exercise dates provide the holder. Switch values are dependent on market conditions and can vary greatly depending on a number of factors, such as the tenor of the underlying swap as well as the strike price of the option. An increase in switch value, in isolation, would generally result in an increase in a fair value measurement.
Interest rate curve – The interest rate curve represents the relationship of interest rates over differing tenors. The interest rate curve is used to set interest rate and foreign exchange derivative cash flows and is also a pricing input used in the discounting of any derivative cash flow.
Forward price – The forward price is the price at which the buyer agrees to purchase the asset underlying a forward contract on the predetermined future delivery date, and is such that the value of the contract is zero at inception.
The forward price is used as an input in the valuation of certain derivatives and depends on a number of factors including interest rates, the current price of the underlying asset, and the expected income to be received and costs to be incurred by the seller as a result of holding that asset until the delivery date. An increase in the forward can result in an increase or a decrease in a fair value measurement.
Changes in level 3 recurring fair value measurements
The following tables include a rollforward of the Consolidated balance sheets amounts (including changes in fair value) for financial instruments classified by the Firm within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. When a determination is made to classify a financial instrument within level 3, the determination is based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. However, level 3 financial instruments typically include, in addition to the unobservable or level 3 components, observable