amortization method.
(a)
Recorded in
Other assets
on the Consolidated balance sheets. Excludes programs to which the Firm does not apply the proportional amortization method, such as historic tax credit and new market tax credit programs.
(b)
Reflected in
Income tax expense
on the Consolidated statements of income and
Operating activities
on the Consolidated statements of cash flows.
(c)
Recorded in
Other income
on the Consolidated statements of income and
Operating activities
on the Consolidated statements of cash flows.
(d)
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 represents eligible affordable housing investments.
Customer municipal bond vehicles (TOB trusts)
The Firm may provide various services to customer TOB trusts, including remarketing agent, liquidity or tender option provider. In certain customer TOB transactions, the Firm, as liquidity provider, has entered into a reimbursement agreement with the Residual holder. In those transactions, upon the termination of the vehicle, the Firm has recourse to the third-party Residual holders for any shortfall. The Firm does not have any intent to protect Residual holders from potential losses on any of the underlying municipal bonds. The Firm does not consolidate customer TOB trusts, since the Firm does not have the power to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle.
The Firm’s maximum exposure as a liquidity provider to customer TOB trusts at December 31, 2024 and 2023, was $
5.8
billion and $
5.1
billion, respectively. The fair value of assets held by such VIEs at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
8.1
billion and $
7.3
billion, respectively.
Loan securitizations
The Firm has securitized and sold a variety of loans, including residential mortgages, credit card receivables, commercial mortgages and other consumer loans. The purposes of these securitization transactions were to satisfy investor demand and to generate liquidity for the Firm.
For loan securitizations in which the Firm is not required to consolidate the trust, the Firm records the transfer of the loan receivable to the trust as a sale when all of the following accounting criteria for a sale are met: (1) the transferred financial assets are legally isolated from the Firm’s creditors; (2) the transferee or beneficial interest holder can pledge or exchange the transferred financial assets; and (3) the Firm does not maintain effective control over the transferred financial assets (e.g., the Firm cannot repurchase the transferred assets before their maturity and it does not have the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return the transferred assets).
For loan securitizations accounted for as a sale, the Firm recognizes a gain or loss based on the difference between the value of proceeds received (including cash, beneficial interests, or servicing assets received) and the carrying value of the assets sold. Gains and losses on securitizations are reported in noninterest revenue.
Notes to