2022, the Firm temporarily suspended share repurchases, which it resumed in the first quarter of 2023 under its common share repurchase program.
The Board of Directors’ authorization to repurchase common shares is utilized at management’s discretion. The $
30
billion common share repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors does not establish specific price targets or timetables. Management determines the amount and timing of common share repurchases based on various factors, including market conditions; legal and regulatory considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm’s capital position (taking into account goodwill and intangibles); organic capital generation; current and proposed future capital requirements; and other investment opportunities. The amount of common shares that the Firm repurchases in any period may be substantially more or less than the amounts estimated or actually repurchased in prior periods, reflecting the dynamic nature of the decision-making process. The Firm’s common share repurchases may be suspended by management at any time; and may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or utilizing Rule 10b5-1 plans, which are written trading plans that the Firm may enter into from time to time under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and which allow the Firm to repurchase its common shares during periods when it may otherwise not be repurchasing common shares — for example, during internal trading blackout periods.
As of December 31, 2024, approximately
58.8
million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under various employee incentive, compensation, option and stock purchase plans, and directors’ compensation plans.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 23 –
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is calculated using the two-class method. Under the two-class method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to common stock and participating securities. JPMorganChase grants RSUs under its share-based compensation programs, predominantly all of which entitle recipients to receive nonforfeitable dividends during the vesting period on a basis equivalent to dividends paid to holders of the Firm’s common stock. These unvested RSUs meet the definition of participating securities based on their respective rights to receive nonforfeitable dividends, and they are treated as a separate class of securities in computing basic EPS. Participating securities are not included as incremental shares in computing diluted EPS; refer to Note 9 for additional information.
Diluted EPS incorporates the potential impact of contingently issuable shares, including awards which require future service as a condition of delivery of the underlying common stock. Diluted EPS is calculated under both the two-class and treasury stock methods, and the more dilutive amount is reported. For each of the periods presented