assumptions regarding future taxable income, including foreign source income, and may incorporate various tax planning strategies, including strategies that may be available to utilize NOLs and FTCs before they expire. In connection with these reviews, if it is determined that a deferred tax asset is not realizable, a valuation allowance is established. The valuation allowance may be reversed in a subsequent reporting period if the Firm determines that, based on revised estimates of future taxable income or changes in tax planning strategies, it is more likely than not that all or part of the deferred tax asset will become realizable. As of December 31, 2024, management has determined it is more likely than not that the Firm will realize its deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowance.
The Firm adjusts its unrecognized tax benefits as necessary when new information becomes available, including changes in tax law and regulations, and interactions with taxing authorities. Uncertain tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that management believes is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. It is possible that the reassessment of JPMorganChase’s unrecognized tax benefits may have a material impact on its effective income tax rate in the period in which the reassessment occurs. Although the Firm believes that its estimates are reasonable, the final tax amount could be different from the amounts reflected in the Firm’s income tax provisions and accruals. To the extent that the final outcome of these amounts is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will generally impact the Firm’s provision for income taxes in the period in which such a determination is made.
The Firm’s provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. The current and deferred tax provisions are calculated based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the actual results reflected in income tax returns filed during the subsequent year. Adjustments based on filed returns are generally recorded in the period when the tax returns are filed and the global tax implications are known, which could impact the Firm’s effective tax rate.
Refer to Note 25 for additional information on income taxes.
Litigation reserves
Refer to Note 30 for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing litigation reserves.
(a)
The accounting standards update applies to the Firm’s annual Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, and interim financial statements thereafter.
Management’s discussion and analysis
(a)
Early adoption is permitted.
From time to time, the Firm has made and will make forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical