banks and deposits with banks
decreased driven by Markets activities in CIB and cash deployment in Treasury and CIO, largely offset by the impact of higher deposits.
Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements
increased driven by Markets, reflecting higher client-driven market-making activities and the impact of lower levels of netting, as well as when compared with seasonally lower levels at year-end.
Securities borrowed
increased driven by Markets, reflecting higher client-driven activities.
Refer to Note 10 for additional information on securities purchased under resale agreements and
securities borrowed
.
Trading assets
increased due to higher levels of debt and equity instruments in Markets related to client-driven market-making activities, as well as when compared with seasonally lower levels at year-end. Refer to Notes 2 and 4 for additional information.
Investment securities
decreased due to lower available-for-sale ("AFS") and held-to-maturity ("HTM") securities driven by maturities and paydowns. Refer to Corporate results on pages 30-31, Investment Portfolio Risk Management on page 64, and Notes 2 and 9 for additional information.
Loans
increased, reflecting:
•
higher wholesale loans, predominantly in Markets, associated with higher client demand,
largely offset by
•
a reduction in Card Services due to the impact of seasonality, and
•
a decline in Home Lending as loan sales and paydowns outpaced originations.
The
allowance for loan losses
increased, reflecting a net addition to the allowance for loan losses of $863 million, largely driven by changes in the weighted-average macroeconomic outlook, and consisted of:
•
$451 million in
consumer
, predominantly driven by Card Services, and
•
$412 million in
wholesale
, which also reflected changes in credit quality on client-specific exposures.
There was also a $125 million net addition to the allowance for lending-related commitments recognized in other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
Refer to Consolidated Results of Operations and Credit and Investment Risk Management on pages 9-11 and pages 47-64, respectively, Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on pages 72–75, and
12
Notes 2, 3, 11 and 12 for additional information on loans and the total allowance for credit losses.
Accrued interest and accounts receivable
increased primarily due to higher client receivables related to client-driven activities in CIB.
Goodwill, MSRs and other intangible assets
:
refer to Note 14 for additional information
.
Deposits
increased, reflecting the impact of:
•
an increase in CIB
predominantly due to net inflows related to client-driven activities in Securities Services and Payments,
•
an increase in CCB primarily driven by new accounts,
and
•
an increase in AWM as a result of growth in balances in new and existing client accounts, reflecting the impact of higher-yielding product offerings, predominantly offset by continued migration into other investments.