in the table below, diluted EPS calculated under the two-class method was more dilutive.
The following table presents the calculation of net income applicable to common stockholders and basic and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Note 24 –
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
AOCI includes the after-tax change in unrealized gains and losses on investment securities, foreign currency translation adjustments (including the impact of related derivatives), fair value changes of excluded components on fair value hedges, cash flow hedging activities, net gain/(loss) related to the Firm’s defined benefit pension and OPEB plans, and fair value option-elected liabilities arising from changes in the Firm’s own credit risk (DVA).
(a)
Included after-tax net unamortized unrealized gains/(losses) of $(
651
) million, $(
895
) million, and $(
1.3
) billion for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to AFS securities that have been transferred to HTM. As of December 31, 2023 included after-tax net unamortized unrealized gains/(losses) of $(
29
) million related to HTM securities that have been transferred to AFS as permitted by the new hedge accounting guidance adopted on January 1, 2023. Refer to Note 10 for further information.
The following table presents the pre-tax and after-tax changes in the components of OCI.
(a)
The pre-tax amount is reported in Investment securities gains/(losses) in the Consolidated statements of income.
(b)
Reclassifications of pre-tax realized gains/(losses) on translation adjustments and related hedges are reported in other income/expense in the Consolidated statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Firm reclassified a net pre-tax gain of $
7
million to other income/expense, of which $
89
million gain related to net investment hedges and $(
82
) million loss related to cumulative translation adjustments. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Firm reclassified a net pre-tax loss of $(
3
) million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Firm reclassified a net pre-tax loss of $(
8
) million.
(c)
Represents changes in fair value of cross-currency swaps attributable to changes in cross-currency basis spreads, which are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded in other comprehensive income. The initial cost of cross-currency basis spreads is recognized in earnings as part of the accrual of interest on the cross-currency swaps.
(d)
The pre-tax amounts are primarily recorded in noninterest revenue, net interest income and compensation expense in the Consolidated statements of income.
(e)
During the year ended December 31, 2022, a remeasurement of the Firm’s U.S. principal defined benefit plan in the third quarter, was required as a result of a pension settlement. The remeasurement resulted in a net decrease of $
1.4
billion in pre-tax AOCI.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 25 –
Income taxes