2024 and 2023, the Firm did not consolidate any U.S. GSE and government agency re-securitization VIEs or any Firm-sponsored private-label re-securitization VIEs.
Multi-seller conduits
Multi-seller conduit entities are separate bankruptcy remote entities that provide secured financing, collateralized by pools of receivables and other financial assets, to customers of the Firm. The conduits fund their financing facilities through the issuance of highly rated commercial paper. The primary source of repayment of the commercial paper is the cash flows from the pools of assets. In most instances, the assets are structured with deal-specific credit enhancements provided to the conduits by the customers (i.e., sellers) or other third parties. Deal-specific credit enhancements are generally structured to cover a multiple of historical losses expected on the pool of assets, and are typically in the form of overcollateralization provided by the seller. The deal-specific credit enhancements mitigate the Firm’s potential losses on its agreements with the conduits.
To ensure timely repayment of the commercial paper, and to provide the conduits with funding to provide financing to customers in the event that the conduits do not obtain funding in the commercial paper market, each asset pool financed by the conduits has a minimum 100% deal-specific liquidity facility associated with it provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. also provides the multi-seller conduit vehicles with uncommitted program-wide liquidity facilities and program-wide credit enhancement in the form of standby letters of credit. The amount of program-wide credit enhancement required is based upon commercial paper issuance and approximates
10
% of the outstanding balance of commercial paper.
The Firm consolidates its Firm-administered multi-seller conduits, as the Firm has both the power to direct the significant activities of the conduits and a potentially significant economic interest in the conduits. As administrative agent and in its role in structuring transactions, the Firm makes decisions regarding asset types and credit quality, and manages the commercial paper funding needs of the conduits. The Firm’s interests that could potentially be significant to the VIEs include the fees received as administrative agent and liquidity and program-wide
credit enhancement provider, as well as the potential exposure created by the liquidity and credit enhancement facilities provided to the conduits.
In the normal course of business, JPMorganChase makes markets in and invests in commercial paper issued by the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits. The Firm held $
2.9
billion and $
9.8
billion of the commercial paper issued by the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which have been eliminated in consolidation. The Firm’s investments reflect the Firm’s funding needs and capacity and were not driven by market illiquidity. Other