originated.
Approximately
38
% of the total revolving loans are senior lien loans; the remaining balance are junior lien loans. The lien position the Firm holds is considered in the Firm’s allowance for credit losses. Revolving loans that have been converted to term loans have higher delinquency rates than those that are still within the revolving period. That is primarily because the fully-amortizing payment that is generally required for those products is higher than the minimum payment options available for revolving loans within the revolving period.
126
Nonaccrual loans and other credit quality indicators
The following table provides information on nonaccrual and other credit quality indicators for retained residential real estate loans.
(a)
I
ncludes collateral-dependent residential real estate loans that are charged down to the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell. The Firm reports, in accordance with regulatory guidance, residential real estate loans that have been discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not reaffirmed by the borrower (“Chapter 7 loans”) as collateral-dependent nonaccrual loans, regardless of their delinquency status. At March 31, 2025, approximately
9
% of Chapter 7 residential real estate loans were 30 days or more past due.
(b)
Mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies excluded from nonaccrual loans were not material at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(c)
Generally, all consumer nonaccrual loans have an allowance. In accordance with regulatory guidance, certain nonaccrual loans that are considered collateral-dependent have been charged down to the lower of amortized cost or the fair value of their underlying collateral less costs to sell. If the value of the underlying collateral improves subsequent to charge down, the related allowance may be negative.
(d)
Interest income on nonaccrual loans recognized on a cash basis was $
37
million and $
43
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(e)
Represents the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans divided by the estimated current property value. Current property values are estimated, at a minimum, quarterly, based on home valuation models using nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporating actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. Current estimated combined LTV for junior lien home equity loans considers all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property.
(f)
Refreshed FICO scores represent each borrower’s most recent credit score, which is obtained by the Firm on at least a quarterly basis.
(g)
Includes residential real estate loans, primarily held in LLCs in AWM that did not have a refreshed FICO score. These loans have been included in a FICO band based on management’s estimation of the borrower’s credit quality.
(h)
Included U.S. government-guaranteed loans as of March 31, 2025 and