N.A.”), a national banking association with U.S. branches in 48 states and Washington, D.C. JPMorganChase’s principal non-bank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“J.P. Morgan Securities”), a U.S. broker-dealer. The bank and non-bank subsidiaries of JPMorganChase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. The Firm’s principal operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan SE (“JPMSE”), which are subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and are based in the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) and Germany, respectively.
The Firm’s website is www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorganChase makes available on its website, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such material to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at www.sec.gov. JPMorganChase makes new and important information about the Firm available on its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com, including on the Investor Relations section of its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/ir. Information on the Firm's website, including documents on the website that are referenced in this Form 10-K, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (“2024 Form 10-K” or “Form 10-K”) or the Firm’s other filings with the SEC.
Business segments & Corporate
Effective in the second quarter of 2024, JPMorganChase reorganized its reportable business segments by combining the former Corporate & Investment Bank and Commercial Banking business segments to form one reportable segment, the Commercial & Investment Bank. As a result of the reorganization, the Firm has three reportable business segments
–
Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”), Commercial & Investment Bank (“CIB”) and Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”)
–
with the remaining activities in Corporate. The Firm’s consumer business segment is CCB, and the Firm’s wholesale business segments are CIB and AWM.
A description of the Firm’s reportable business segments and the products and services that they provide to their respective client bases, as well as a description of Corporate activities, is provided in the Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section of this Form 10-K (“Management’s discussion and analysis” or “MD&A”) under the heading “Business Segment & Corporate Results,” which begins on page 52, and in Note 32.
Competition
JPMorganChase and its subsidiaries and affiliates operate in highly competitive environments. Competitors include other banks, brokerage firms, investment banking companies, merchant banks, hedge funds, commodity trading companies, private equity firms, insurance companies,