banking, investment banking and broker-dealer activities. J.P. Morgan Securities plc is jointly regulated in the U.K. by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). J.P. Morgan Securities plc is subject to the Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR”), as adopted and amended in the U.K., and the capital rules in the PRA Rulebook. These requirements collectively represent the U.K.’s implementation of the Basel III standards. The PRA announced that it intends to delay the U.K.’s implementation of the final Basel III
standards until January 1, 2027, with a three-year transitional period for certain aspects.
The Bank of England requires that U.K. banks, including U.K. regulated subsidiaries of overseas groups, maintain minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”). As of December 31, 2024, J.P. Morgan Securities plc was compliant with its MREL requirements.
The following table presents J.P. Morgan Securities plc’s risk-based and leverage-based capital metrics.
(a)
Represents minimum Pillar 1 requirements specified by the PRA. J.P. Morgan Securities plc's capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 exceeded the minimum requirements, including the additional capital requirements specified by the PRA.
(b)
At least 75% of the Tier 1 leverage ratio minimum must be met with CET1 capital.
J.P. Morgan SE
JPMSE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and has authority to engage in banking, investment banking and markets activities. JPMSE is regulated by the European Central Bank (“ECB”), the German Financial Supervisory Authority and the German Central Bank, as well as the local regulators in each of the countries in which it operates, and it is subject to EU capital requirements under Basel III. JPMSE is subject to the EU implementation of the final Basel III standards. Those standards became effective beginning on January 1, 2025, with the exception of market risk aspects for which the effective date is January 1, 2026.
JPMSE is required by the EU Single Resolution Board to maintain MREL. As of December 31, 2024, JPMSE was compliant with its MREL requirements.
The following table presents JPMSE’s risk-based and leverage-based capital metrics.
(a)
Represents minimum Pillar 1 requirements specified by the EU CRR. J.P. Morgan SE’s capital and leverage ratios as of December 31, 2024 exceeded the minimum requirements, including the additional capital requirements specified by EU regulators.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Firm will be unable to meet its cash and collateral needs as they arise or that it does not have the appropriate amount, composition and tenor of funding and liquidity to support its assets and liabilities.
Liquidity risk management
The Firm has a Liquidity Risk Management (“LRM”) function whose primary objective is to provide independent oversight of liquidity risk across the Firm. Liquidity Risk Management’s responsibilities