to the Basel III Advanced approach are currently required to have a minimum SLR of 3.0%. Certain banking organizations, including the Firm, are also required to hold an additional 2.0% leverage buffer. The SLR is defined as Tier 1 capital under Basel III divided by the Firm’s total leverage exposure. Total leverage exposure is calculated by taking the Firm’s total average on-balance sheet assets, less amounts permitted to be deducted for Tier 1 capital, and adding certain off-balance sheet exposures, as defined in regulatory capital rules. Refer to SLR on page 104 for additional information.
Failure to maintain an SLR equal to or greater than the regulatory requirement will result in limitations on the amount of capital that the Firm may distribute such as through dividends and common share repurchases, as well as on discretionary bonus payments for certain executive officers.
Other regulatory capital
In addition to meeting the capital ratio requirements of Basel III, the Firm and its principal IDI subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., must also maintain minimum capital and leverage ratios in order to be “well-capitalized” under the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve and the Prompt Corrective Action requirements of the FDIC Improvement Act, respectively. Refer to Note 27 for additional information.
Additional information regarding the Firm’s capital ratios, as well as the U.S. federal regulatory capital standards to which the Firm is subject, is presented in Note 27. Refer to the Firm’s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website, for further information on the Firm’s current capital measures.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Selected capital and RWA data
The following tables present the Firm’s risk-based capital metrics under both the Basel III Standardized and Advanced approaches and leverage-based capital metrics. Refer to Note 27 for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s risk-based and leverage-based capital metrics. First Republic Bank was not subject to Advanced approach regulatory capital requirements. As a result, for certain exposures associated with the First Republic acquisition, Advanced RWA and any impact on Advanced Total capital is calculated under the Standardized approach as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules. Refer to Note 34 for additional information on the First Republic acquisition.
(a)
The capital metrics reflect the CECL capital transition provisions. As of December 31, 2024, CET1 capital reflected the remaining
$720 million
CECL benefit and were fully phased in as of January 1, 2025; as of December 31, 2023, CET1 capital reflected a
$1.4 billion
benefit. Refer to Note 27 for additional information.
(b)
Represents minimum requirements and regulatory buffers applicable to the Firm for the period ended December 31, 2024. For the period ended December 31, 2023, the Basel III Standardized CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratio requirements applicable