excess collateralization in the vehicle, or, in certain
transactions, the reimbursement agreements with the Residual holders.
Holders of the floaters may “put,” or tender, their floaters to the TOB trust. If the remarketing agent cannot successfully remarket the floaters to another investor, the liquidity provider either provides a loan to the TOB trust for the TOB trust’s purchase of the floaters, or it directly purchases the tendered floaters.
TOB trusts are considered to be variable interest entities. The Firm consolidates non-customer TOB trusts because as the Residual holder, the Firm has the right to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle, and it has the right to receive benefits and bear losses that could potentially be significant to the municipal bond vehicle.
Consolidated VIE assets and liabilities
The following table presents information on assets and liabilities related to VIEs consolidated by the Firm as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(a)
Includes residential mortgage securitizations.
(b)
Primarily includes consumer loans in CIB.
(c)
Includes assets classified as cash and other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets.
(d)
The assets of the consolidated VIEs included in the program types above are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. The assets and liabilities include third-party assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation.
(e)
The interest-bearing beneficial interest liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are classified on the Consolidated balance sheets as “Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs”. The holders of these beneficial interests generally do not have recourse to the general credit of JPMorganChase. Included in beneficial interests in VIE assets are long-term beneficial interests of $
5.5
billion and $
3.1
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(f)
Includes liabilities classified as accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
VIEs sponsored by third parties
The Firm enters into transactions with VIEs structured by other parties. These include, for example, acting as a derivative counterparty, liquidity provider, investor, underwriter, placement agent, remarketing agent, trustee or custodian. These transactions are conducted at arm’s-length, and individual credit decisions are based on the analysis of the specific VIE, taking into consideration the quality of the underlying assets. Where the Firm does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance, or a variable interest that could potentially be significant, the Firm generally does not consolidate the VIE, but it records and reports these positions on its Consolidated balance sheets in the same manner it would record and report positions in respect of any other third-party