credit card account. If the borrower does not make the contractual payments when due under the modified payment terms, the credit card loan continues to age and will be charged-off in accordance with the Firm's standard charge-off policy. In most cases, the Firm does not reinstate the borrower's line of credit.
Financial effects of FDMs
The following table provides information on retained credit card FDMs.
(a)
Term extension includes credit card loans whose terms have been modified under long-term programs by placing the customer’s credit card account on a fixed payment plan.
(b)
The interest rates represent weighted average at the time of modification.
Payment status of FDMs
The following table provides information on the payment status of retained credit card FDMs during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Defaults of FDMs
Retained credit card FDMs that defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2024 and that were reported as FDMs in the twelve months prior to the default were not material. Retained credit card FDMs that defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2023 and that were reported as FDMs on or after January 1, 2023, the date that the Firm adopted the changes to the TDR accounting guidance were not material. Refer to Note 1 for further information.
For credit card loans modified as FDMs, payment default is deemed to have occurred when the borrower misses
two
consecutive contractual payments. Defaulted modified credit card loans remain in the modification program and continue to be charged off in accordance with the Firm’s standard charge-off policy.
Financial effects of TDRs and defaults
For periods ending prior to January 1, 2023, modifications of credit card loans where the Firm granted concessions to borrowers who were experiencing financial difficulty were generally accounted for and reported as TDRs. The Firm granted concessions for most of the credit card loans under long-term programs. These concessions involved placing the customer’s credit card account on a fixed payment plan, generally for
60
months, and typically included reducing the interest rate on the credit card account. Substantially all modifications under the Firm’s long-term programs were considered to be TDRs. Loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that were not considered concessions were not reported as TDRs.
The following table provides information about the financial effects of the concessions granted on credit card loans modified in TDRs and defaults for the periods presented. For the period disclosed, new enrollments were less than
1
% of total retained credit card loans.
(a)
Represents the outstanding balance prior to modification.
(b)
Represents loans modified in TDRs that experienced a payment default in the periods presented, and for which the payment default occurred within
one year
of the modification. The amounts presented represent the balance of such loans as of the end of the quarter in which they defaulted.
For