the Firm could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Refer to Note 2 for a detailed discussion of the Firm’s valuation process and
hierarchy, and its determination of fair value for individual financial instruments.
Goodwill impairment
Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment at least annually. The Firm’s process and methodology used to conduct goodwill impairment testing is described in Note 15.
Management applies significant judgment when testing goodwill for impairment. The goodwill associated with each business combination is allocated to the related reporting units for goodwill impairment testing.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Firm reviewed current economic conditions, estimated market cost of equity, as well as actual business results and projections of business performance. Based on such reviews, the Firm has concluded that goodwill was not impaired as of December 31, 2024. For each of the reporting units, fair value exceeded carrying value by at least 10% and there was no indication of a significant risk of goodwill impairment based on current projections and valuations.
The projections for the Firm’s reporting units are consistent with management’s current business outlook assumptions in the short term, and the Firm’s best estimates of long-term growth and return on equity in the longer term. Where possible, the Firm uses third-party and peer data to benchmark its assumptions and estimates.
Refer to Note 15 for additional information on goodwill, including the goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2024.
Credit card rewards liability
JPMorganChase offers credit cards with various rewards programs which allow cardholders to earn rewards points based on their account activity and the terms and conditions of the rewards program. Generally, there are no limits on the points that an eligible cardholder can earn, nor do the points expire, and the points can be redeemed for a variety of rewards, including cash (predominantly in the form of account credits), gift cards and travel. The Firm maintains a rewards liability which represents the estimated cost of rewards points earned and expected to be redeemed by cardholders. The liability is accrued as the cardholder earns the benefit and is reduced when the cardholder redeems points. This liability was $14.4 billion and $13.2 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and is recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. The increase in the liability was driven by continued growth in rewards points earned on higher spend and promotional offers outpacing redemptions throughout 2024.
The rewards liability is sensitive to redemption rate (“RR”) and cost per point (“CPP”) assumptions. The RR
Management’s discussion and analysis
assumption is used to estimate the number of points earned by customers that will be redeemed over the life of the account. The