senior management across LOBs, Corporate Finance and Risk Management.
The quantitative calculation is adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision, emerging risk assessments, trends and other subjective factors that are not yet reflected in the calculation. These adjustments are accomplished in part by analyzing the historical loss experience, including during stressed periods, for each major product or model. Management applies judgment in making this adjustment, including taking into account uncertainties associated with the economic and political conditions, quality of underwriting standards, borrower behavior, credit concentrations or deterioration within an industry, product or portfolio, as well as other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio. In certain instances, the interrelationships between these factors create further uncertainties.
The application of different inputs into the quantitative calculation, and the assumptions used by management to adjust the quantitative calculation, are subject to significant management judgment, and emphasizing one input or assumption over another, or considering other inputs or assumptions, could affect the estimate of the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for lending-related commitments.
Asset-specific component
To determine the asset-specific component of the allowance, collateral-dependent loans (including those loans for which foreclosure is probable) and nonaccrual risk-rated loans in the wholesale portfolio segment are generally evaluated individually.
For collateral-dependent loans, the fair value of collateral less estimated costs to sell, as applicable, is used to determine the charge-off amount for declines in value (to reduce the amortized cost of the loan to the fair value of collateral) or the amount of negative allowance that should be recognized (for recoveries of prior charge-offs associated with improvements in the fair value of the collateral).
For non-collateral dependent loans, the Firm generally measures the asset-specific allowance as the
difference between the amortized cost of the loan and the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate. Subsequent changes in impairment are generally recognized as an adjustment to the allowance for loan losses. The asset-specific component of the allowance for non-collateral dependent loans incorporates the effect of the modification on the loan’s expected cash flows including changes in interest rates, principal forgiveness, and other concessions, as well as  management’s expectation of the borrower’s ability to repay under the modified terms.
Estimating the timing and amounts of future cash flows is highly judgmental as these cash flow projections rely upon estimates such as loss severities, asset valuations, the amounts and timing of interest or principal payments (including any expected prepayments) or other factors