lack of market or customer confidence in JPMorganChase or financial institutions in general.
A reduction in JPMorganChase’s liquidity may be caused by events over which it has little or no control. For example, periods of market stress, low investor confidence and significant market illiquidity could result in higher funding costs for JPMorganChase and could limit its access to some of its traditional sources of liquidity.
JPMorganChase may need to raise funding from alternative sources if its access to stable and lower-cost sources of funding, such as deposits and borrowings from Federal Home Loan Banks, is reduced. Alternative sources of funding could be more expensive or limited in availability. JPMorganChase’s funding costs could also be negatively affected by actions that JPMorganChase may take in order to:
•
satisfy applicable liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements
•
address obligations under its resolution plan, or
•
satisfy regulatory requirements in jurisdictions outside the U.S. relating to the pre-positioning of liquidity in subsidiaries that are material legal entities.
More generally, if JPMorganChase fails to effectively manage its liquidity, this could constrain its ability to fund or invest in its businesses and subsidiaries, and thereby adversely affect its results of operations.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a holding company and depends on the cash flows of its subsidiaries to make payments on its outstanding securities.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a holding company that holds the stock of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and an intermediate holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC (the “IHC”). The IHC in turn generally holds the stock of JPMorganChase’s subsidiaries other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. The IHC also owns other assets and provides intercompany lending to the Parent Company.
The Parent Company is obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds received from securities issuances (including issuances of senior and subordinated debt securities and of preferred and common stock).
The ability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the IHC to make payments to the Parent Company is also limited. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is subject to regulatory restrictions on its dividend distributions, as well as capital adequacy requirements, such as the Supplementary Leverage Ratio (“SLR”), and liquidity requirements and other regulatory restrictions on its ability to make payments to the Parent Company. The IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to the Parent Company if certain capital or liquidity thresholds are breached, or if limits are otherwise imposed by the Parent Company’s management or Board of Directors.
As a result of these arrangements, the ability of the Parent Company to make various payments is dependent on its receiving dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and borrowings from the IHC. These limitations could affect the