meet the characteristics of a guarantee, the Firm is both a purchaser and seller of credit protection in the credit derivatives market. Refer to Note 5 for a further discussion of credit derivatives.
Unsettled securities financing agreements
In the normal course of business, the Firm enters into resale and securities borrowed agreements. At settlement, these commitments result in the Firm advancing cash to and receiving securities collateral from the counterparty. The Firm also enters into repurchase and securities loaned agreements. At settlement, these commitments result in the Firm receiving cash from and providing securities collateral to the counterparty. Such agreements settle at a future date. These agreements generally do not meet the definition of a derivative, and therefore, are not recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets until settlement date. These agreements predominantly  have regular-way settlement terms. Refer to Note 11 for a further discussion of securities financing agreements.
Loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications
Mortgage repurchase liability
In connection with the Firm’s mortgage loan sale and securitization activities with U.S. GSEs the Firm has made representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, and that may require the Firm to repurchase mortgage loans and/or indemnify the loan purchaser if such representations and warranties are breached by the Firm.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Private label securitizations
The liability related to repurchase demands associated with private label securitizations is separately evaluated by the Firm in establishing its litigation reserves.
Refer to Note 30 for additional information regarding litigation.
Loans sold with recourse
The Firm provides servicing for mortgages and certain commercial lending products on both a recourse and nonrecourse basis. In nonrecourse servicing, the principal credit risk to the Firm is the cost of temporary servicing advances of funds (i.e., normal servicing advances). In recourse servicing, the servicer agrees to share credit risk with the owner of the mortgage loans, such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or a private investor, insurer or guarantor. Losses on recourse servicing predominantly occur when foreclosure sales proceeds of the property underlying a defaulted loan are less than the sum of the outstanding principal balance, plus accrued interest on the loan and the cost of holding and disposing of the underlying property. The Firm’s securitizations are predominantly nonrecourse, thereby effectively transferring the risk of future credit losses to the purchaser of the mortgage-backed securities issued by the trust. The unpaid principal balance of loans sold with recourse as well as the carrying value of the related liability that the Firm has recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets, which is representative of the Firm’s view of the likelihood