that such an estimate can be made, as of that date. The Firm’s estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses involves significant judgment, given:
•
the number, variety and varying stages of the proceedings, including the fact that many are in preliminary stages,
•
the existence in many such proceedings of multiple defendants, including the Firm, whose share of liability (if any) has yet to be determined,
•
the numerous yet-unresolved issues in many of the proceedings, including issues regarding class certification and the scope of many of the claims, and
•
the uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such proceedings, including where the Firm has made assumptions concerning future rulings by the court or other adjudicator, or about the behavior or incentives of adverse parties or regulatory authorities, and those assumptions prove to be incorrect.
In addition, the outcome of a particular proceeding may be a result which the Firm did not take into account in its estimate because the Firm had deemed the likelihood of that outcome to be remote. Accordingly, the Firm’s estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses will change from time to time, and actual losses may vary significantly.
Set forth below are descriptions of the Firm’s material legal proceedings.
1MDB Litigation
. J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA was named as a defendant in a civil litigation filed in May 2021 in Malaysia by 1Malaysia Development Berhad (“1MDB”), a Malaysian state-owned and controlled investment fund. The claim alleges “dishonest assistance” against J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA in relation to payments of $
300
million and $
500
million, from 2009 and 2010, respectively, received from 1MDB and paid into an account at J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA held by 1MDB PetroSaudi Limited, a joint venture company between 1MDB and PetroSaudi Holdings (Cayman) Limited. In March 2024, the Court upheld the Firm's challenge to the validity of service and the Malaysian Court’s jurisdiction to hear the claim. That decision has been appealed by 1MDB. In August 2023, the Court denied an application by 1MDB to discontinue its claim with permission to re-file a new claim in the future. That decision was appealed by both 1MDB and the Firm, and an appeals court is scheduled to hear both appeals in November 2025. In its appeal, the Firm seeks to prevent any claim from continuing.
In addition, in November 2023, the Federal Office of the Attorney General (OAG) in Switzerland notified J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA that it is conducting an investigation into possible criminal liability in connection with transactions arising from J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA’s relationship with the 1MDB PetroSaudi joint venture and its related persons for the period September 2009 through August 2015. The OAG investigation is ongoing.
Amrapali
. India’s Enforcement Directorate (“ED”) is investigating J.P. Morgan India Private Limited in connection with investments made in 2010 and 2012 by
two
offshore funds