inventory positions, acquire securities to cover short sales, accommodate customers’ financing needs, settle other securities obligations and to deploy the Firm’s excess cash.
Securities financing agreements are treated as collateralized financings on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. Where appropriate under applicable accounting guidance, securities financing agreements with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis. Refer to Note 1 for further discussion of the offsetting of assets and liabilities. Fees received and paid in connection with securities financing agreements are recorded over the life of the agreement in interest income and interest expense on the Consolidated statements of income.
The Firm has elected the fair value option for certain securities financing agreements. Refer to Note 3 for further information regarding the fair value option. The securities financing agreements for which the fair value option has been elected are reported within securities purchased under resale agreements, securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, and securities borrowed on the Consolidated balance sheets. Generally, for agreements carried at fair value, current-period interest accruals are recorded within interest income and interest expense, with changes in fair value reported in principal transactions revenue. However, for financial instruments containing embedded derivatives that would be separately accounted for in accordance with accounting guidance for hybrid instruments, all changes in fair value, including any interest elements, are reported in principal transactions revenue.
Securities financing agreements not elected under the fair value option are measured at amortized cost. As a result of the Firm’s credit risk mitigation practices described below, the Firm did not hold any allowance for credit losses with respect to resale and securities borrowed arrangements as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Credit risk mitigation practices
Securities financing agreements expose the Firm primarily to credit and liquidity risk. To manage these risks, the Firm monitors the value of the underlying securities (predominantly high-quality securities collateral, including government-issued debt and U.S. GSEs and government agencies MBS) that it has received from or provided to its counterparties compared to the value of cash proceeds and exchanged collateral, and either requests additional collateral or returns securities or collateral when appropriate. Margin levels are initially established based upon the counterparty, the type of underlying securities, and the permissible collateral, and are monitored on an ongoing basis.
In resale and securities borrowed agreements, the Firm is exposed to credit risk to the extent that the value of the securities received is less than initial cash principal advanced and any collateral amounts exchanged. In repurchase and securities loaned agreements, credit risk exposure arises to the extent