the reorganization, the Firm has
three
reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial & Investment Bank, and Asset & Wealth Management – with the remaining activities in Corporate.
Adoption of accounting standard — Segment Reporting — Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures:
This guidance was adopted retrospectively for the Firm’s annual Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. The adoption of this guidance requires additional reportable segment disclosures, primarily relating to significant segment expenses and the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”). Adoption of this guidance did not result in changes to the identification of the Firm’s reportable business segments, or of its CODM.
The Firm is managed on an LOB basis. The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is evaluated by the Firm’s Operating Committee, whose members act collectively as the Firm’s CODM. Segment results are presented on a managed basis. Refer to Segment & Corporate results in this footnote for a further discussion of JPMorganChase’s reportable business segments and Corporate.
The following is a description of each of the Firm’s reportable business segments, and the products and services that they provide to their respective client bases, as well as a description of Corporate activities.
Consumer & Community Banking
Consumer & Community Banking offers products and services to consumers and small businesses through bank branches, ATMs, digital (including mobile and online) and telephone banking. CCB is organized into Banking & Wealth Management (including Consumer Banking, Business Banking and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management), Home Lending (including Home Lending Production, Home Lending Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card Services & Auto. Banking & Wealth Management offers deposit, investment and lending products, cash management, payments and services. Home Lending includes mortgage origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consisting of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Card Services issues credit cards and offers travel services. Auto originates and services auto loans and leases.
Commercial & Investment Bank
The Commercial & Investment Bank is comprised of the Banking & Payments and Markets & Securities Services businesses. These businesses offer investment banking, lending, payments, market-making, financing, custody and securities products and services to a global base of corporate and institutional clients. Banking & Payments offers products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-raising in equity and debt markets, and loan origination and syndication. Banking & Payments also provides services that enable clients to manage payments globally across liquidity and account