produced by Fair Isaac Corporation. Because certain aged data is excluded from credit reports based on rules in the Fair Credit Reporting Act, FICO scores may not reflect all historical information about a consumer.
FICC:
Fixed Income Clearing Corporation
FINRA:
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
Firm:
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
First Republic:
On May 1, 2023, JPMorganChase acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of First Republic Bank (the “First Republic acquisition”) from the FDIC.
"First Republic-related," "associated with First Republic" or similar expressions refer to the relevant effects of the First Republic acquisition, as well as subsequent related business and activities, as applicable. Refer to Note 34 of the Firm's 2024 Form 10-K for additional information.
Forward points:
represents the interest rate differential between two currencies, which is either added to or subtracted from the current exchange rate (i.e., “spot rate”) to determine the forward exchange rate.
Freddie Mac:
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
Free-standing derivatives
: is a derivative contract entered into either separate and apart from any of the Firm’s other financial instruments or equity transactions. Or, in conjunction with some other
173
transaction and is legally detachable and separately exercisable.
FTE:
Fully taxable-equivalent
FVA:
Funding valuation adjustment
FX
: Foreign exchange
G7
: “Group of Seven nations”:
Countries in the G7 are Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the U.K. and the U.S.
G7 government securities
:
Securities issued by the government of one of the G7 nations.
Ginnie Mae
: Government National Mortgage Association
GSIB:
Global systemically important banks
HELOC
: Home equity line of credit
Home equity – senior lien
:
represents loans and commitments where JPMorganChase holds the first security interest on the property.
Home equity – junior lien
:
represents loans and commitments where JPMorganChase holds a security interest that is subordinate in rank to other liens.
HQLA:
High-quality liquid assets
HTM
: Held-to-maturity
IBOR:
Interbank Offered Rate
IDI
: Insured depository institutions
IHC:
JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, an intermediate holding company
Investment-grade
:
An indication of credit quality based on JPMorganChase’s internal risk assessment system. “Investment grade” generally represents a risk profile similar to a rating of a “BBB-”/“Baa3” or better, as defined by independent rating agencies.
IPO:
Initial Public Offering
IR:
Interest rate
ISDA
: International Swaps and Derivatives Association
JPMorganChase:
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
JPMorgan Chase Foundation or Foundation:
a not-for-profit organization that makes contributions for charitable and educational purposes.
J.P. Morgan Securities:
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
JPMSE:
J.P. Morgan SE
LCR:
Liquidity coverage ratio
LIBOR
: London Interbank Offered Rate
LLC
:
Limited Liability Company