apply hedge accounting to purchased CDS used to manage the credit risk of loans and lending-related commitments, because of the difficulties in qualifying such contracts as hedges. For the same reason, the Firm does not apply hedge accounting to certain interest rate, foreign exchange, and commodity derivatives used for risk management purposes.
To qualify for hedge accounting, a derivative must be highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. In addition, for a derivative to be designated as a hedge, the risk management objective and strategy must be documented. Hedge documentation must identify the derivative hedging instrument, the asset or liability or forecasted transaction and type of risk to be hedged, and how the effectiveness of the derivative is assessed prospectively and retrospectively. To assess effectiveness, the Firm uses statistical methods such as regression analysis, nonstatistical methods such as dollar-value comparisons of the change in the fair value of the derivative to the change in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item, and qualitative comparisons of critical terms and the evaluation of any changes in those terms. The extent to which a derivative has been, and is expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item must be assessed and documented at least quarterly. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is discontinued.
There are three types of hedge accounting designations: fair value hedges, cash flow hedges and net investment hedges. JPMorganChase uses fair value hedges primarily to hedge fixed-rate long-term debt, AFS securities and certain commodities inventories. For qualifying fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of the derivative, and in the value of the hedged item for the risk being hedged, are recognized in earnings. Certain amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recorded in OCI and recognized in earnings over the life of the derivative. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the adjustment to the hedged item continues to be reported as part of the basis of the hedged item and, for interest-bearing financial instruments, is amortized to earnings as a yield adjustment. Derivative amounts affecting earnings are recognized consistent with the classification of the hedged item – primarily net interest income and principal transactions revenue.
The Firm employs the portfolio layer method to manage the interest rate risk of portfolios of fixed-rate assets. Throughout the life of the open hedge, basis adjustments are maintained at the portfolio level and are only allocated to individual assets under certain circumstances. These include instances where the portfolio amount falls below the hedged layer amounts, or in cases of voluntary de-designation.
JPMorganChase uses cash flow hedges primarily to