derivatives. Contractual cash flows for principal, interest, or both can vary in amount and timing throughout the life of the note based on non-traditional indexes or non-traditional uses of traditional interest rates or indexes.
Suspended foreclosures:
Loans referred to foreclosure where formal foreclosure proceedings have started but are currently on hold, which could be due to bankruptcy or loss mitigation. Includes both judicial and non-judicial states.
Taxable-equivalent basis:
In presenting managed results, the total net revenue for each of the business segments and the Firm is presented on a tax-equivalent basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities; the corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense.
TBVPS:
Tangible book value per share
TCE:
Tangible common equity
TLAC:
Total Loss Absorbing Capacity
U.K.
: United Kingdom
U.S.
: United States of America
U.S. GAAP
:
Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
U.S. government agencies
: U.S. government agencies include, but are not limited to, agencies such as Ginnie Mae and FHA, and do not include Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac which are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (“U.S. GSEs”). In general, obligations of U.S. government agencies are fully and explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government in the event of a default.
U.S. GSE(s)
: “U.S. government-sponsored enterprises” are quasi-governmental, privately-held entities established or chartered by the U.S. government to serve public purposes as specified by the U.S. Congress to improve the flow of credit to specific sectors of the economy and provide certain essential services to the public. U.S. GSEs include Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but do not include Ginnie Mae or FHA. U.S. GSE obligations are not explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government.
U.S. Treasury
:
U.S. Department of the Treasury
177
Unaudited
: Financial statements and/or information that have not been subject to auditing procedures by an independent registered public accounting firm.
VA
: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
VaR: “Value-at-risk”
is a measure of the dollar amount of potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment.
VIEs
: Variable interest entities
Warehouse loans
:
consist of prime mortgages originated with the intent to sell that are accounted for at fair value and classified as loans.
178
CONSUMER & COMMUNITY BANKING (“CCB”)
Debit and credit card sales volume:
Dollar amount of card member purchases, net of returns.
Deposit margin:
Represents net interest income expressed as a percentage of average deposits.
Home Lending Production and Home Lending