exceptions five times every 100 trading days on average. The number of VaR backtesting exceptions observed can differ from the statistically expected number of backtesting exceptions if the current level of market volatility is materially different from the level of market volatility during the 12 months of historical data used in the VaR calculation.
For the 12 months ended December 31, 2024, the Firm posted backtesting gains on 179 of the 260 days, and observed eight VaR backtesting exceptions, of which three were in the three months ended December 31, 2024. Firmwide backtesting loss days can differ from the loss days for which Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets posted losses, as disclosed in CIB Markets revenue, as the population of positions which comprise each metric are different and due to the exclusion of certain components of total net revenue in backtesting gains and losses as described above.
The following chart presents the distribution of Firmwide daily backtesting gains and losses for the trailing 12 months and three months ended December 31, 2024. The daily backtesting losses are displayed as a percentage of the corresponding daily Risk Management VaR. The count of days with backtesting losses are shown in aggregate, in fifty percentage point intervals. Backtesting exceptions are displayed within the intervals that are greater than one hundred percent. The results in the chart below differ from the results of backtesting disclosed in the Market Risk section of the Firm’
s B
asel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are based on Regulatory VaR applied to the Firm’s covered positions.
Distribution of Daily Backtesting Gains and Losses
Management’s discussion and analysis
Other risk measures
Stress testing
Along with VaR, stress testing is an important tool used to assess risk. While VaR reflects the risk of loss due to adverse changes in markets using recent historical market behavior, stress testing reflects the risk of loss from hypothetical changes in the value of market risk sensitive positions applied simultaneously. Stress testing measures the Firm’s vulnerability to losses under a range of stressed but possible economic and market scenarios. The results are used to understand the exposures responsible for those potential losses and are measured against limits.
The Firm’s stress framework covers market risk sensitive positions in the LOBs and Corporate. The framework is used to calculate multiple magnitudes of potential stress for both market rallies and market sell-offs, assuming significant changes in market factors such as credit spreads, equity prices, interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, and combines them in multiple ways to capture an array of hypothetical economic and market scenarios.
The Firm generates a number of scenarios that focus on tail events in specific asset classes and geographies, including how the event may impact multiple market factors simultaneously. Scenarios