activities, net gain/(loss) related to the Firm’s defined benefit pension and OPEB plans, and fair value option-elected liabilities arising from changes in the Firm’s own credit risk (DVA).
(a)
Included after-tax net unamortized unrealized gains/(losses) of $(
639
) million and $(
824
) million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, related to AFS securities that have been transferred to HTM.
The following table presents the pre-tax and after-tax changes in the components of OCI.
(a)
The pre-tax amount is reported in Investment securities gains/(losses) in the Consolidated statements of income.
(b)
Reclassifications of pre-tax realized gains/(losses) on translation adjustments and related hedges are reported in other income/expense in the Consolidated statements of income. There were no sales or liquidations of legal entities that resulted in reclassifications for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(c)
Represents changes in fair value of cross-currency swaps attributable to changes in cross-currency basis spreads, which are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded in other comprehensive income. The initial cost of cross-currency basis spreads is recognized in earnings as part of the accrual of interest on the cross-currency swaps.
(d)
The pre-tax amounts are primarily recorded in noninterest revenue, net interest income and compensation expense in the Consolidated statements of income.
156
Note 20 –
Restricted cash and other restricted assets
Refer to Note 26 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a detailed discussion of the Firm’s restricted cash and other restricted assets.
Certain of the Firm’s cash and other assets are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. These restrictions are imposed by various regulatory authorities based on the particular activities of the Firm’s subsidiaries.
The Firm is also subject to rules and regulations established by other U.S. and non-U.S. regulators. As part of its compliance with the respective regulatory requirements, the Firm’s broker-dealer activities are subject to certain restrictions on cash and other assets.
The following table presents the components of the Firm’s restricted cash:
(a)
Comprises $
27.7
billion and $
26.1
billion in deposits with banks, and $
1.2
billion and $
1.4
billion in cash and due from banks on the Consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Also, as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Firm had the following other restricted assets:
•
Cash and securities pledged with clearing organizations for the benefit of customers of $
36.4
billion and $
40.7
billion, respectively.
•
Securities with a fair value of $
26.1
billion and $
26.8
billion, respectively, were also restricted in relation to customer activity.
157
Note 21 –
Regulatory capital
Refer to Note 27 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a detailed discussion on regulatory capital.
The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements,