loans and net cash used in the First Republic Bank acquisition.
Financing activities
The Firm’s financing activities include acquiring customer deposits and issuing long-term debt and preferred stock.
•
In 2024, cash provided primarily reflected higher securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements and net proceeds from long- and short-term borrowings, partially offset by net redemption of preferred stock.
•
In 2023, cash used reflected lower deposits, which included the impact of the repayment of the deposits provided to First Republic Bank by the consortium of large U.S. banks that the Firm assumed as part of the First Republic acquisition, partially offset by higher securities loaned under repurchase agreements and net proceeds from long- and short-term borrowings.
•
For both periods, cash was used for repurchases of common stock and cash dividends on common and preferred stock.
*     *     *
Refer to Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on pages 63–65, Capital Risk Management on pages 97–107, and Liquidity Risk Management on pages 108–115, and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows on page 176 for a further discussion of the activities affecting the Firm’s cash flows.
Non-GAAP financial measures
The Firm prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP; these financial statements appear on pages 172–176. That presentation, which is referred to as “reported” basis, provides the reader with an understanding of the Firm’s results that can be tracked consistently from year-to-year and enables a comparison of the Firm’s performance with the U.S. GAAP financial statements of other companies.
In addition to analyzing the Firm’s results on a reported basis, management reviews Firmwide results, including the overhead ratio, on a “managed” basis; these Firmwide managed basis results are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the lines of business on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm as a whole, and for each of the reportable business segments and Corporate, on an FTE basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. These financial measures
allow management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-to-year arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a whole or by each of the lines of business and Corporate.
Management also uses certain non-GAAP financial measures at the Firm and business-segment levels because these other non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors about the underlying