including well-capitalized standards, for the Firm as a consolidated financial holding company. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC") establishes similar minimum capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s principal insured depository institution ("IDI") subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Under the risk-based capital and leverage-based guidelines of the Federal Reserve, JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to maintain minimum ratios for CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, Total capital, Tier 1 leverage and the SLR. Failure to meet these minimum requirements could cause the Federal Reserve to take action. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is also subject to these capital requirements established by its primary regulators.
The following table presents the risk-based regulatory capital ratio requirements and well-capitalized ratios to which the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were subject as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Note: The table above is as defined by the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC and to which the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are subject.
(a)
Represents the regulatory capital ratio requirements applicable to the Firm. The CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratio requirements each include a respective minimum requirement plus a GSIB surcharge of
4.5
% as calculated under Method 2; plus a
3.3
% SCB for Basel III Standardized ratios and a fixed
2.5
% capital conservation buffer for Basel III Advanced ratios. The countercyclical buffer is currently set to
0
% by the federal banking agencies.
(b)
Represents requirements for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratio requirements include a fixed capital conservation buffer requirement of
2.5
% that is applicable to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not subject to the GSIB surcharge.
(c)
Represents requirements for bank holding companies pursuant to regulations issued by the Federal Reserve.
(d)
Represents requirements for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. pursuant to regulations issued under the FDIC Improvement Act.
The following table presents the leverage-based regulatory capital ratio requirements and well-capitalized ratios to which the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were subject as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Note: The table above is as defined by the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC and to which the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are subject.
(a)
Represents minimum SLR requirement of
3.0
%, as well as supplementary leverage buffer requirements of
2.0
% and
3.0
% for BHC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., respectively.
(b)
The Federal Reserve's regulations do not establish well-capitalized thresholds for these measures for BHCs.
CECL Regulatory Capital Transition
Beginning January 1, 2022, the $
2.9
billion CECL capital benefit, provided by the Federal Reserve in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, was phased out at 25% per year over a three-year period and fully