resulting in the $
7.9
billion net gain on Visa shares in the quarter. As of September 30, 2024, the Firm had disposed of all of its Visa C shares through sales in the second and third quarters of 2024  and through a $
1.0
billion contribution to the Firm’s Foundation in the second quarter of 2024.
The Visa B-2 shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions and are convertible into Visa Class A common shares (“Visa A shares”) at a specified conversion rate upon final resolution of certain litigation matters involving Visa. The conversion rate of Visa B-2 shares to Visa A shares was
1.5430
at December 31, 2024  and may be adjusted by Visa depending on developments related to the litigation matters. The outcome of those litigation matters, and the effect that the resolution of those matters may have on the conversion rate, is unknown. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2024, there is significant uncertainty regarding when the transfer restrictions on Visa B-2 shares may be terminated and what the final conversion rate for the Visa B-2 shares will be. As a result of these considerations, as well as differences in voting rights, Visa B-2 shares are not considered to be similar to Visa A shares, and are held at their nominal carryover basis.
Separately, in connection with sales of Visa B shares prior to 2024, the Firm has entered into derivative instruments with the purchasers of the shares under which the Firm retains the risk associated with changes in the conversion rate. Under the terms of the derivative instruments, the Firm will (a) make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the conversion rate and (b) make periodic interest payments to the purchasers of the Visa B shares. The payments under the derivative instruments will continue as long as the Visa B-2 shares associated with the previously sold Visa B shares remain subject to transfer restrictions. The derivative instruments are accounted for at fair value using a discounted cash flow methodology based upon the Firm’s estimate of the timing and magnitude of final resolution of the litigation matters. The derivative instruments are recorded in trading liabilities, and changes in fair value are recognized in other income. The notional amount of shares associated with those derivative instruments has been adjusted as a result of the Visa exchange offer. As of December 31, 2024, the Firm held derivative instruments associated with
11.6
million Visa B-2 shares related to Visa B share sales prior to 2024, which are all subject to similar terms and conditions.
Additional disclosures about the fair value of financial instruments that are not carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value
U.S. GAAP requires disclosure of the estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, which are included in the following table. However, this table does not include other items, such as nonfinancial assets, intangible assets, certain financial instruments, and customer relationships.