assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Firm are being made only in accordance with authorizations of JPMorganChase’s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Firm’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making the assessment, management used the “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (“COSO 2013”) promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”).
Based upon the assessment performed, management concluded that as of December 31, 2024, JPMorganChase’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon the COSO 2013 framework. Additionally, based upon management’s assessment, the Firm determined that there were no material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
The effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
James Dimon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Jeremy Barnum
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
February 14, 2025
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.:
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material