as for other U.S. government agencies under certain arrangements. The Firm typically elects to repurchase delinquent loans from Ginnie Mae loan pools as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with the applicable requirements, and such loans continue to be insured or guaranteed. When the Firm’s repurchase option becomes exercisable, such loans must be reported on the Consolidated balance sheets as a loan with a corresponding liability. Refer to Note 12 for additional information.
The following table presents loans the Firm repurchased or had an option to repurchase, real estate owned, and foreclosed government-guaranteed residential mortgage loans recognized on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. Substantially all of these loans and real estate are insured or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies.
(a)
Primarily all of these amounts relate to loans that have been repurchased from Ginnie Mae loan pools.
(b)
Relates to voluntary repurchases of loans, which are included in accrued interest and accounts receivable.
Loan delinquencies and liquidation losses
The table below includes information about components of and delinquencies related to nonconsolidated securitized financial assets held in Firm-sponsored private-label securitization entities, in which the Firm has continuing involvement as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. For loans sold or securitized where servicing is the Firm’s only form of continuing involvement, the Firm generally experiences a loss only if the Firm was required to repurchase a delinquent loan or foreclosed asset due to a breach in representations and warranties associated with its loan sale or servicing contracts.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 15 –
Goodwill, mortgage servicing rights, and other intangible assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is recorded upon completion of a business combination as the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the net assets acquired, and can be adjusted up to one year from the acquisition date as additional information pertaining to facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Subsequent to initial recognition, goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate that there may be an impairment.
The goodwill associated with each business combination is allocated to the related reporting units, which are generally determined based on how the Firm’s businesses are managed and how they are reviewed.
The following table presents goodwill attributed to the reportable business segments and Corporate.
The following table presents changes in the carrying amount of goodwill.
(a)
For 2024, includes estimated goodwill associated with the acquisition of LayerOne