risks appropriately. Risks identified by Operational Risk and Compliance are escalated to the appropriate LOB and Corporate Control Committees, as needed. Operational Risk and Compliance has established standards designed to ensure that consistent operational risk reporting and operational risk reports are produced on a Firmwide basis as well as by the LOBs and Corporate. Reporting includes the evaluation of key risk and performance indicators against established thresholds as well as the assessment of different types of operational risk against stated risk appetite. The standards establish escalation protocols to senior management and to the Board of Directors.
Insurance
One of the ways in which operational risk may be mitigated is through insurance maintained by the Firm. The Firm purchases insurance from commercial insurers and maintains a wholly-owned captive insurer, Park Assurance Company. Insurance may also be required by third parties with whom the Firm does business.
Subcategories and examples of operational risks
Operational risk can manifest itself in various ways. Operational risk subcategories include Compliance risk, Conduct risk, Legal risk, and Estimations and Model risk. Refer to pages 157, 158, 159 and 160, respectively for more information on Compliance, Conduct, Legal, and Estimations and Model risk. Details on other select examples of operational risks such as business and technology resiliency, payment fraud and third-party outsourcing, as well as cybersecurity, are provided below.
Firmwide resiliency risk
Disruptions of the Firm’s business and operations can occur due to forces beyond the Firm’s control such as the spread of infectious diseases or pandemics, severe weather, natural disasters, the effects of climate change, power or telecommunications loss, failure of a third party to provide expected services, cyberattacks, civil or political unrest or terrorism. The Firm’s resiliency framework is intended to enable the Firm to prepare for and adapt to changing conditions and withstand and recover from, and address adverse effects on its operations caused by, disruptions that may impact critical business functions and supporting assets, including its staff, technology, data and facilities, as well as those of third-party service providers. The framework includes governance, awareness training, planning and testing of recovery strategies, as well as strategic and tactical initiatives to identify, assess, and manage resiliency risks. The framework operates in accordance with the Firm’s overall approach to Operational Risk Management, including alignment with technology, cybersecurity, data, physical security, crisis management, real estate and outsourcing programs.
Payment fraud risk
Payment fraud risk is the risk of external and internal parties unlawfully obtaining personal monetary benefit through misdirected or otherwise improper payment. The Firm employs various controls for managing payment fraud risk as well as