collateral, including government-issued debt and U.S. GSE and government agency MBS. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase increased at December 31, 2024, compared with December 31, 2023, driven by Markets, reflecting higher client-driven market-making activities and higher secured financing of trading assets.
The increase in secured other borrowed funds at December 31, 2024 from December 31, 2023, as well as the increase for the average year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the prior year period, were both due to higher financing requirements in Markets, partially offset by FHLB maturities in Treasury and CIO.
The balances associated with securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase fluctuate over time due to investment and financing activities of clients,
the Firm’s demand for financing, the ongoing management of the mix of the Firm’s liabilities, including its secured and unsecured financing (for both the investment securities and market-making portfolios), and other market and portfolio factors.
The Firm’s primary sources of short-term unsecured funding consist of issuances of wholesale commercial paper and other borrowed funds.
The decrease in average commercial paper for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was due to lower issuances primarily as a result of short-term liquidity management.
The increase in unsecured other borrowed funds at December 31, 2024 from December 31, 2023, was predominantly driven by net issuances of structured notes in Markets.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Long-term funding
Long-term funding provides an additional source of stable funding and liquidity for the Firm. The Firm’s long-term funding plan is driven primarily by expected client activity, liquidity considerations and regulatory requirements, including TLAC. Long-term funding objectives include maintaining diversification, maximizing market access and optimizing funding costs. The Firm evaluates various funding markets, tenors and currencies in creating its optimal long-term funding plan.
Unsecured funding and issuance
The significant majority of the Firm’s total outstanding long-term debt has been issued by the Parent Company to provide flexibility in support of the funding needs of both bank and non-bank subsidiaries. The Parent Company advances substantially all net funding proceeds to its subsidiary, the IHC. The IHC does not issue debt to external counterparties. The increase in structured notes at December 31, 2024 from December 31, 2023, and for the average year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the prior year period, was primarily driven by net issuances of structured notes in Markets due to client demand.
The following table summarizes long-term unsecured issuance and maturities or redemptions for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Refer to Note 20 for additional information on the IHC and long-term debt.
(a)
Includes certain TLAC-eligible long-term unsecured debt issued by