government agencies; interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives primarily used to manage interest rate and foreign exchange risks of securitization entities; senior securities of $
256
million and $
52
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and subordinated securities which were not material at December 31, 2024 and 2023, which the Firm purchased in connection with CIB’s secondary market-making activities.
(d)
Includes interests held in re-securitization transactions.
(e)
At both December 31, 2024 and 2023,
77
% of the Firm’s retained securitization interests, which are predominantly carried at fair value and include amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules, were risk-rated “A” or better, on an S&P-equivalent basis. The retained interests in prime residential mortgages consisted of $
2.9
billion and $
2.5
billion of investment-grade retained interests at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and $
216
million and $
88
million of noninvestment-grade retained interests at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The retained interests in commercial and other securitization trusts consisted of $
6.0
billion and $
6.1
billion of investment-grade retained interests, and $
1.4
billion and $
1.7
billion of noninvestment-grade retained interests at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Residential mortgage
The Firm securitizes residential mortgage loans originated by CCB, as well as residential mortgage loans purchased from third parties by either CCB or CIB. CCB generally retains servicing for all residential mortgage loans it originated or purchased, and for certain mortgage loans purchased by CIB. For securitizations of loans serviced by CCB, the Firm has the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE because it is responsible for decisions related to loan modifications and workouts. CCB may also retain an interest upon securitization.
In addition, CIB engages in underwriting and trading activities involving securities issued by Firm-sponsored securitization trusts. As a result, CIB at times retains senior and/or subordinated interests (including residual interests and amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules) in residential mortgage securitizations at the time of securitization, and/or reacquires positions in the secondary market in the normal course of business. In certain instances, as a result of the positions retained or reacquired by CIB or held by Treasury and CIO or CCB, when considered together with the servicing arrangements entered into by CCB, the Firm is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of certain securitization trusts.
The Firm does not consolidate residential mortgage securitizations (Firm-sponsored or third-party-sponsored) when it is not the servicer (and therefore does not have the power to direct the most significant activities of the trust) or does not hold a beneficial interest in the trust that could potentially be significant to the