Limits that have not been reviewed within specified time periods by Market Risk Management are reported to senior management. The LOBs and Corporate are responsible for adhering to established limits against which exposures are monitored and reported.
Limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner to limit approvers, which include Market Risk Management and senior management. In the event of a breach, Market Risk Management consults with senior members of appropriate groups within the Firm to determine the suitable course of action required to return the applicable positions to compliance, which may include a reduction in risk in order to remedy the breach or granting a temporary increase in limits to accommodate an expected increase in client activity and/or market volatility. Firm, Corporate or LOB-level limit breaches are escalated as appropriate.
Models used to measure market risk are inherently imprecise and are limited in their ability to measure certain risks or to predict losses. This imprecision may be heightened when sudden or severe shifts in market conditions occur. For additional discussion on model uncertainty refer to Estimations and Model Risk Management on page 160.
Market Risk Management periodically reviews the Firm’s existing market risk measures to identify opportunities for enhancement, and to the extent appropriate, will calibrate those measures accordingly over time.
Management’s discussion and analysis
The following table summarizes the predominant business activities and related market risks, as well as positions which give rise to market risk and certain measures used to capture those risks, for each LOB and Corporate.
In addition to the predominant business activities, each LOB and Corporate may engage in principal investing activities. To the extent principal investments are deemed market risk sensitive, they are reflected in relevant risk measures and captured in the table below. Refer to Investment Portfolio Risk Management on page 140 for additional discussion on principal investments.
(a)
Effective in the second quarter of 2024, the Firm reorganized its reportable business segments by combining the former Corporate & Investment Bank and Commercial Banking business segments to form one reportable segment, the Commercial & Investment Bank (“CIB”). Refer to Business Segment & Corporate Results on pages 70–90 for additional information.
(b)
Reflects structured notes in Risk Management VaR and the DVA on structured notes in other sensitivity-based measures.
Value-at-risk
JPMorganChase utilizes value-at-risk (“VaR”), a statistical risk measure, to estimate the potential loss from adverse market moves in the current market environment. The Firm has a single VaR framework used as a basis for calculating Risk Management VaR and Regulatory VaR.
The framework is employed across the Firm using historical simulation based on data for the previous 12 months. The framework’s approach assumes that historical