investigation to the public if such a disclosure would violate JPMorganChase’s obligations under applicable rules and regulations to maintain the confidentiality of confidential supervisory information, even if the resolution of that investigation could have a material adverse effect on JPMorganChase’s business, operations, results or financial condition.
Regulatory investigations, examinations or other initiatives by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental authorities may subject JPMorganChase to judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other sanctions, and may require JPMorganChase to restructure its operations and activities or to cease offering certain products or services. All of these potential outcomes could harm JPMorganChase’s reputation or lead to higher operational costs, thereby reducing JPMorganChase’s profitability, or result in collateral consequences. In addition, the extent of JPMorganChase’s exposure to legal and regulatory matters can be unpredictable and could, in some cases, exceed the amount of reserves that JPMorganChase has established for those matters.
Parts I and II
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity.
Refer to the Operational Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on pages 153–156 for a discussion of cybersecurity risk.
Item 2. Properties.
JPMorganChase’s headquarters is located in New York City at 383 Madison Avenue, a 47-story office building that it owns. The demolition of the Firm's former headquarters at 270 Park Avenue in New York City was completed in 2021, and construction of a new headquarters on the same site is nearing completion.
The Firm owned or leased facilities in the following locations at December 31, 2024.
(a)
At December 31, 2024, the Firm owned or leased 4,966  branches in 48 states and Washington D.C.
The premises and facilities occupied by JPMorganChase are collectively used across all of the Firm’s business segments and for corporate purposes. JPMorganChase continues to evaluate its current and projected space requirements and may determine from time to time that certain of its properties (including the premises and facilities noted above) are no longer necessary for its operations. There is no assurance that the Firm will be able to dispose of any such excess properties, premises or facilities, or that it will not incur costs in connection with such dispositions. Such disposition costs may be material to the Firm’s results of operations in a given period. Refer to the Consolidated Results of Operations on pages 59–62 for information on occupancy expense.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
Refer to Note 30 for a description of the Firm’s material legal proceedings.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
Market for registrant’s common equity
JPMorganChase’s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Refer to