cash collateral receivables and payables when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Derivatives netting
The following tables present, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, gross and net derivative receivables and payables by contract and settlement type. Derivative receivables and payables, as well as the related cash collateral from the same counterparty, have been netted on the Consolidated balance sheets where the Firm has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement. Where such a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained, amounts are not eligible for netting on the Consolidated balance sheets, and those derivative receivables and payables are shown separately in the tables.
In addition to the cash collateral received and transferred that is presented on a net basis with derivative receivables and payables, the Firm receives and transfers additional collateral (financial instruments and cash). These amounts mitigate counterparty credit risk associated with the Firm’s derivative instruments, but are not eligible for net presentation:
•
collateral that consists of liquid securities and other cash collateral held at third-party custodians, which are shown separately as "Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets" in the tables, up to the fair value exposure amount. For the purpose of this disclosure, the definition of liquid securities is consistent with the definition of high quality liquid assets as defined in the LCR rule;
•
the amount of collateral held or transferred that exceeds the fair value exposure at the individual counterparty level, as of the date presented, which is excluded from the tables; and
•
collateral held or transferred that relates to derivative receivables or payables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained with respect to the master netting agreement, which is excluded from the tables.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
(a)
Exchange-traded derivative balances that relate to futures contracts are settled daily.
(b)
Includes liquid securities and other cash collateral held at third-party custodians related to derivative instruments where an appropriate legal opinion has been obtained. For some counterparties, the collateral amounts of financial instruments may exceed the derivative receivables and derivative payables balances. Where this is the case, the total amount reported is limited to the net derivative receivables and net derivative payables balances with that counterparty.
(c)
Derivative collateral relates only to OTC and OTC-cleared derivative instruments.
(d)
Net derivatives receivable included cash collateral netted of $
51.9
billion and $
48.3
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net derivatives payable included cash collateral netted of $
60.8
billion and $
70.0
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Derivative cash