sub-forums covering the CIB, CCB, AWM and certain corporate functions including Treasury and CIO.
Price verification process
The VCG verifies fair value estimates provided by the risk-taking functions by leveraging independently derived prices, valuation inputs and other market data, where available. Where independent prices or inputs are not available, the VCG performs additional review to ensure the reasonableness of the estimates. The additional review may include evaluating the limited market activity including client unwinds, benchmarking valuation inputs to those used for similar instruments, decomposing the valuation of structured instruments into individual components, comparing expected to actual cash flows, reviewing profit and loss trends, and reviewing trends in collateral valuation. There are also additional levels of management review for more significant or complex positions.
The VCG determines any valuation adjustments that may be required to the estimates provided by the risk-taking functions. No adjustments to quoted prices are applied for instruments classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy (refer to the discussion of the fair value hierarchy on
page 182
for further information). For other positions, judgment is required to assess the need for valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect liquidity considerations, unobservable parameters, and, for certain portfolios that meet specified criteria, the size of the net open risk position. The determination of such adjustments follows a consistent framework across the Firm:
•
Liquidity valuation adjustments are considered where an observable external price or valuation parameter exists but is of lower reliability, potentially due to lower market activity. Liquidity valuation adjustments are made based on current market conditions. Factors that may be considered in determining the liquidity adjustment include analysis of: (1) the estimated bid-offer spread for the instrument being traded; (2) alternative pricing points for similar instruments in active markets; and (3) the range of reasonable values that the price or parameter could take.
•
The Firm manages certain portfolios of financial instruments on the basis of net open risk exposure and, as permitted by U.S. GAAP, has elected to estimate the fair value of such portfolios on the basis of a transfer of the entire net open risk position in an orderly transaction. Where this is the case, valuation adjustments may be necessary to reflect the cost of exiting a larger-than-normal market-size net open risk position. Where applied, such adjustments are
Notes to consolidated financial statements
based on factors that a relevant market participant would consider in the transfer of the net open risk position, including the size of the adverse market move that is likely to occur during the period required to sufficiently reduce the net open risk position.
•
Uncertainty adjustments related to unobservable parameters may be made