sanctions laws, which mandate the blocking of certain assets. These laws apply when assets associated with individuals, companies, products or services are within the scope of the sanctions. The Firm has faced actual and threatened litigation in Russia seeking payments that the Firm cannot make under, and is contractually excused from paying as a result of, relevant sanctions laws. In claims involving the Firm and claims filed against other financial institutions, Russian courts have disregarded the parties’ contractual agreements concerning forum selection and did not recognize foreign sanctions laws as a basis for not making payment. Russian courts have entered judgment against the Firm in a number of claims, including one for $
439
million, and a judgment has been executed against assets held onshore by the Firm in Russia. The total amount of the judgments exceeds the total amount of available assets that the Firm holds in Russia. The Firm continues to appeal the Russian courts' decisions, and judgments may not be executed while on appeal. Russian courts have also ordered interim freezes of Firm assets in Russia (including, among other things, funds in bank accounts, securities, shares in authorized capital, and certain trademarks, of the named defendants) pending a determination of
certain underlying claims against the Firm. The Firm has challenged claims being pursued in the Russian courts and related freeze orders in other jurisdictions provided for by the parties’ contractual forum selections. If further claims are enforced despite the actions taken by the Firm to challenge the claims and orders and to seek the proper application of law, the Firm’s assets in Russia could be seized in full, and certain client assets could also be seized, or the Firm could be prevented from complying with its obligations.
SEC Inquiries
. In October 2024, the Firm entered into settlements with the SEC to resolve inquiries related to, among other things, conflict disclosures concerning the selection of portfolio managers and the timing of the Firm’s liquidation of shares distributed in-kind to certain investment vehicles that invest in third-party managed private funds and certain other matters. The resolutions required the Firm to pay a combined $
151
million in civil penalties and voluntary payments to customers. The Firm continues to cooperate in connection with SEC inquiries concerning the aggregation of accounts for fee billing and various other matters.
Shareholder Litigation
. Several shareholder putative class actions, as well as shareholder derivative actions purporting to act on behalf of the Firm, have been filed against the Firm, its Board of Directors and certain of its current and former officers.
Certain of these shareholder suits relate to historical trading practices by former employees in the precious metals and U.S. treasuries markets and related conduct which were the subject of the Firm’s resolutions with the DOJ, CFTC and SEC in September