allowance for credit losses). Excludes intra-day and operating exposures, such as those from settlement and clearing activities.
(d)
Includes market-making positions and hedging, investment securities, and counterparty exposure on derivative and securities financings net of eligible collateral. Market-making positions and hedging includes exposure from single reference entity (“single-name”), index and other multiple reference entity transactions for which one or more of the underlying reference entities is in a country listed in the above table.
(e)
Includes physical commodities inventory and clearing house guarantee funds.
(f)
The country rankings presented in the table as of December 31, 2023, are based on the country rankings of the corresponding exposures at
December 31, 2024
, not actual rankings of such exposures at December 31, 2023.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Climate risk refers to the potential threats posed by  climate change to the Firm and its clients, customers, operations and business strategy. Climate change is viewed as a driver of risk that may impact existing types of risks managed by the Firm. Climate risk is categorized into physical risk and transition risk.
Physical risk involves economic costs and financial losses due to a changing climate. Acute physical risk drivers include the increased frequency or severity of climate and weather events, such as floods, wildfires and tropical cyclones. Chronic physical risk drivers include more gradual shifts in the climate, such as sea level rise, persistent changes in precipitation levels and increases in average ambient temperatures.
Transition risk involves the financial and economic consequences of society’s shift toward a lower-carbon economy. Transition risk drivers include possible changes in public policy, adoption of new technologies and shifts in consumer preferences. Transition risks may also be influenced by changes in the physical climate.
Organization and management
The Firm has a Climate Risk Management function that is responsible for establishing and maintaining the Firmwide framework and strategy for managing climate risks that may impact the Firm.
Other responsibilities of Climate Risk Management include:
•
Setting policies, standards, procedures and processes to support identification, escalation, monitoring and management of climate risk across the Firm
•
Developing metrics, scenarios and stress testing mechanisms designed to assess the range of potential climate-related financial and economic impacts to the Firm
•
Establishing a Firmwide climate risk data strategy and the supporting climate risk technology infrastructure
The LOBs and Corporate are responsible for the identification, assessment and management of climate risks present in their business activities and for the adherence to applicable climate-related laws, rules and regulations.
Governance and oversight
The Firm’s framework and strategy for managing climate risk is integrated into the Firm’s