instruments and are managed in the LOBs and Corporate. Investments are typically intended to be held over extended periods and, accordingly, the Firm has no expectation for short-term realized gains with respect to these investments.
Investment securities risk
Investment securities risk includes the exposure associated with a default in the payment of principal and interest. This risk is mitigated given that the investment securities portfolio held by Treasury and CIO predominantly consists of high-quality securities. At March 31, 2025, the Treasury and CIO investment securities portfolio, net of the allowance for credit losses, was $661.4 billion, and the average credit rating of the securities comprising the portfolio was AA+ (based upon external ratings where available, and where not available, based primarily upon internal risk ratings). Refer to Corporate results on pages 30-31 and Note 9 for further information on the investment securities portfolio and internal risk ratings. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 40-46 for further information on related liquidity risk. Refer to Market Risk Management on pages 65-70 for further information on the market risk inherent in the portfolio.
Principal investment risk
Principal investments are typically privately-held financial instruments representing ownership interests or other forms of junior capital. In general, principal investments include tax-oriented investments and investments made to enhance or accelerate the Firm’s business strategies and exclude those that are consolidated on the Firm's balance sheets. These investments are made by dedicated investing businesses or as part of a broader business strategy. The Firm’s principal investments are managed by the LOBs and Corporate and are reflected within their respective financial results. The Firm’s investments will continue to evolve based on market circumstances and in line with its strategic initiatives.
The table below presents the aggregate carrying values of the principal investment portfolios as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Refer to page 140 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of the Firm’s Investment Portfolio Risk Management governance and oversight.
64
Market risk is the risk associated with the effect of changes in market factors such as interest and foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, credit spreads or implied volatilities, on the value of assets and liabilities held for both the short and long term. Refer to Market Risk Management on pages 141–149 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of the Firm’s Market Risk Management organization, market risk measurement, risk monitoring and control, and predominant business activities that give rise to market risk.
Models used to measure market risk are inherently imprecise and are limited in their ability to measure certain risks or to predict losses. This imprecision may be heightened when sudden or severe shifts in market