taxes and maintenance, are charged to other expense.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Loan portfolio
The Firm’s loan portfolio is divided into
three
portfolio segments, which are the same segments used by the Firm to determine the allowance for loan losses: Consumer, excluding credit card; Credit card; and Wholesale. Within each portfolio segment the Firm monitors and assesses the credit risk in the following classes of loans, based on the risk characteristics of each loan class.
(a)
Includes scored mortgage and home equity loans held in CCB and AWM, and scored mortgage loans held in CIB.
(b)
Includes scored auto, business banking and consumer unsecured loans as well as overdrafts, primarily in CCB.
(c)
Includes loans held in CIB, AWM, Corporate, and risk-rated exposure held in CCB, for which the wholesale methodology is applied when determining the allowance for loan losses.
(d)
The wholesale portfolio segment's classes align with loan classifications as defined by the bank regulatory agencies, based on the loan's collateral, purpose, and type of borrower.
(e)
Includes loans to financial institutions, SPEs, personal investment companies and trusts, individuals and individual entities (predominantly Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB), states and political subdivisions, as well as loans to nonprofits. Refer to Note 14 for more information on SPEs.
The following tables summarize the Firm’s loan balances by portfolio segment.
(a)
Excludes $
6.6
billion and $
6.8
billion of accrued interest receivable at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Firm wrote off accrued interest receivable of $
84
million and $
49
million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(b)
Loans (other than those for which the fair value option has been elected) are presented net of unamortized discounts and premiums and net deferred loan fees or costs. These amounts were not material as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. For the discount associated with First Republic loans, refer to Note 34 on pages 319–321.
The following tables provide information about the carrying value of retained loans purchased, sold and reclassified to held-for-sale during the periods indicated. Loans that were reclassified to held-for-sale and sold in a subsequent period are excluded from the sales line of these tables.
(a)
Reclassifications of loans to held-for-sale are non-cash transactions.
(b)
Includes purchases of residential real estate loans, including the Firm’s voluntary repurchases of certain delinquent loans from loan pools as permitted by Government National Mortgage Association (“Ginnie Mae”) guidelines for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. The Firm typically elects to repurchase these delinquent loans as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with applicable requirements of Ginnie Mae, FHA, RHS, and/or VA.
(c)
Excludes purchases of retained loans of