banks. Although available, the Firm does not view this borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Banks discount window and the other central banks as a primary source of liquidity.
NSFR
The net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) is a liquidity requirement for large banking organizations that is intended to measure the adequacy of “available” stable funding that is sufficient to meet their “required” amounts of stable funding over a one-year horizon.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, both the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were compliant with the 100% minimum NSFR requirement, based on the Firm's interpretation of the final NSFR rule. Refer to the Firm's U.S. NSFR Disclosure report for the quarterly periods ended December 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024 on the Firm’s website for additional information.
41
Funding
Sources of funds
Management believes that the Firm’s unsecured and secured funding capacity is sufficient to meet its on- and off-balance sheet obligations, which includes both short- and long-term cash requirements.
The Firm funds its global balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including deposits, secured and unsecured funding in the capital markets and stockholders’ equity. Deposits are the primary funding source for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may access funding through short- or long-term secured borrowings, the issuance of unsecured long-term debt, or from
borrowings from the IHC. The Firm’s non-bank subsidiaries are primarily funded from long-term unsecured borrowings and short-term secured borrowings which are primarily securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements. Excess funding is invested by Treasury and CIO in the Firm’s investment securities portfolio or deployed in cash or other short-term liquid investments based on their interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics.
Refer to Note 22 for additional information on off-balance sheet obligations.
Deposits
The table below summarizes, by LOB and Corporate, the period-end deposit balances as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and the average deposit balances for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The Firm believes that deposits provide a stable source of funding and reduce the Firm’s reliance on the wholesale funding markets. A significant portion of the Firm’s deposits are consumer deposits and wholesale operating deposits, which are both considered to be stable sources of liquidity. Wholesale operating deposits are generally considered to be stable sources of liquidity because they are generated from customers that maintain operating service relationships with the Firm.
The Firm believes that average deposit balances are generally more representative of deposit trends than period-end deposit balances. However, during periods of market disruption, average deposit trends may be impacted.
Average deposits
increased
for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the three