with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of certain models, methodologies and macroeconomic variables.
Fair Value of Certain Level 3 Financial Instruments
As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Firm carries $1.5 trillion of its assets and $586.2 billion of its liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. Included in these balances are $10.9 billion of trading assets and $51.8 billion of liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, collectively financial instruments, which are classified as level 3 as they contain one or more inputs to valuation which are unobservable and significant to their fair value measurement. The Firm utilized internally developed valuation models and unobservable inputs to estimate fair value of the level 3 financial instruments. The unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of certain of these financial instruments include interest rate volatility, equity volatility, Bermudan switch value and correlation relating to interest rates, interest rate-to-foreign exchange,
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
equity prices, equity-to-foreign exchange and equity-to-interest rate.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the fair value of certain level 3 financial instruments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment and estimation by management in determining the inputs to estimate fair value, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating audit evidence obtained related to the fair value of these financial instruments, and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Firm’s determination of the fair value, including controls over models, inputs, and data. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent estimate of fair value for a sample of these financial instruments and comparing management’s estimate to the independently developed estimate of fair value. Developing the independent estimate involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management, developing independent inputs and, as appropriate, evaluating and utilizing management’s aforementioned unobservable inputs.
New York, New York
February 14, 2025
We have served as the Firm’s auditor since 1965.
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Consolidated statements of income
The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements.
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Consolidated