managed through loan syndications and participations, loan sales, securitizations, credit derivatives, master netting agreements, collateral and other risk-reduction techniques. Refer to Note 12 for additional information on loans.
The Firm does not believe that its exposure to any particular loan product or industry segment results in a significant concentration of credit risk.
Terms of loan products and collateral coverage are included in the Firm’s assessment when extending credit and establishing its allowance for credit losses. Refer to Note 13 for additional information on the allowance for credit losses.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
The table below presents both on–balance sheet and off–balance sheet consumer and wholesale credit exposure by the Firm’s
three
credit portfolio segments as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. The wholesale industry of risk category is generally based on the client or counterparty’s primary business activity.
(a)
Also includes commercial card lending-related commitments primarily in CIB.
(b)
The industry rankings presented in the table as of December 31, 2023, are based on the industry rankings of the corresponding exposures at December 31, 2024, not actual rankings of such exposures at December 31, 2023.
(c)
Individuals and Individual Entities predominantly consists of Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB, and includes exposure to personal investment companies and personal and testamentary trusts.
(d)
In addition to the credit risk exposure to states and municipal governments (both U.S. and non-U.S.) at December 31, 2024 and 2023, noted above, the Firm held: $
6.1
billion and $
5.9
billion, respectively, of trading assets; $
17.9
billion and $
21.4
billion, respectively, of AFS securities; and $
9.3
billion and
$
9.9
billion
, respectively, of HTM securities, issued by U.S. state and municipal governments. Refer to Note 2 and Note 10 for further information.
(e)
All other includes: SPEs and Private education and civic organizations, representing approximately
94
% and
6
%, respectively, at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. Refer to Note 14 for more information on exposures to SPEs.
(f)
Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM that are collateralized by assets maintained in the clients’ brokerage accounts (including cash on deposit, and primarily liquid and readily marketable debt or equity securities).
(g)
Excludes cash placed with banks of $
459.2
billion and $
614.1
billion, at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is predominantly placed with various central banks, primarily Federal Reserve Banks.
(h)
Credit exposure is net of risk participations and excludes the benefit of credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities held against derivative receivables or loans and liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables.
(i)