hierarchy, and its determination of fair value for individual financial instruments.
74
Credit card rewards liability
The credit card rewards liability was $14.6 billion and $14.4 billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and is recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. Refer to pages 163-164 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a description of the significant assumptions and sensitivities, associated with the Firm’s credit card rewards liability.
Income taxes
Refer to Income taxes on page 164 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a description of the significant assumptions, judgments and interpretations associated with the accounting for income taxes.
Goodwill impairment
Management applies significant judgment when testing goodwill for impairment. Refer to Goodwill impairment on page 163 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a description of the significant valuation judgments associated with goodwill impairment.
Refer to Note 14 for additional information on goodwill, including the goodwill impairment assessment as of March 31, 2025.
Litigation reserves
Refer to Note 24 of this Form 10-Q, and Note 30 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing litigation reserves.
75
(a)
Early adoption is permitted.
76
From time to time, the Firm has made and will make forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as “anticipate,” “target,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “goal,” “believe,” or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements provide JPMorganChase’s current expectations or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. JPMorganChase’s disclosures in this Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Firm also may make forward-looking statements in its other documents filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, the Firm’s senior management may make forward-looking statements orally to investors, analysts, representatives of the media and others.
All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Firm’s control. JPMorganChase’s actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in its forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements:
•
Local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events, including geopolitical tensions and hostilities;
•
Changes in laws, rules and regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements