machine learning or artificial intelligence techniques,
across various businesses and functions. The estimation methods are of varying levels of sophistication and are used for many purposes, such as the valuation of positions and measurement of risk, assessing regulatory capital requirements, conducting stress testing, evaluating the allowance for credit losses and making business decisions. A dedicated independent function, Model Risk Governance and Review (“MRGR”), defines and governs the Firm’s policies relating to the management of model risk and risks associated with certain analytical and judgment-based estimations, such as those used in risk management, budget forecasting and capital planning and analysis.
Model risks are owned by the users of the models within the LOBs and Corporate based on the specific purposes of such models. Users and developers of models are responsible for developing, implementing and testing their models, as well as referring models to MRGR for review and approval. Once models have been approved, model users and developers are responsible for maintaining a robust operating environment, and must monitor and evaluate the performance of the models on an ongoing basis. Model users and developers may seek to enhance models in response to changes in the relevant portfolios and in product and market developments, as well as to capture improvements in available modeling techniques and systems capabilities.
Models are tiered based on an internal standard according to their complexity, the exposure associated with the model and the Firm’s reliance on the model. This tiering is subject to the approval of MRGR. In its review of a model, MRGR considers whether the model is suitable for the specific purposes for which it will be used. When reviewing a model, MRGR analyzes and challenges the model methodology and the reasonableness of model assumptions, and may perform or require additional testing, including back-testing of model outcomes. Model reviews are approved by the appropriate level of management within MRGR based on the relevant model tier.
Under the Firm’s Estimations and Model Risk Management Policy, MRGR reviews and approves new models, as well as material changes to existing models, prior to their use. In certain circumstances, exceptions may be granted to the Firm’s policy to allow a model to be used prior to review or approval. MRGR may also require the user to take appropriate actions to mitigate the model risk if it is to be used in the interim. These actions will depend on the model and may include, for example, limitation of trading activity.
While models are inherently imprecise, the degree of imprecision or uncertainty can be heightened by the market or economic environment. This is particularly true when the current and forecasted environments are significantly different from the historical environments upon which the models were developed. This increased uncertainty may necessitate a greater degree of