regulators. The capacity to pay dividends in 2025 will be supplemented by the banking subsidiaries’ earnings during the year.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 27 –
Regulatory capital
The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements, including well-capitalized standards, for the Firm as a consolidated financial holding company. The OCC establishes similar minimum capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s principal IDI subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
The capital rules under Basel III establish minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards for large and internationally active U.S. bank holding companies and banks, including the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Under the rules currently in effect, two comprehensive approaches are prescribed for calculating RWA: a standardized approach (“Basel III Standardized”), and an advanced approach (“Basel III Advanced”). For each of these risk-based capital ratios, the capital adequacy of the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is evaluated against the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements.
The three components of regulatory capital under the Basel III rules and their primary drivers are as illustrated below:
Under the risk-based capital and leverage-based guidelines of the Federal Reserve, JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to maintain minimum ratios for CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, Total capital, Tier 1 leverage and the SLR. Failure to meet these minimum requirements could cause the Federal Reserve to take action. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is also subject to these capital requirements established by its primary regulators
.
The following table presents the risk-based regulatory capital ratio requirements and well-capitalized ratios to which the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were subject as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Note: The table above is as defined by the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC and to which the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are subject.
(a)
Represents the regulatory capital ratio requirements applicable to the Firm. The CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratio requirements each include a respective minimum requirement plus a GSIB surcharge of
4.5
% as calculated under Method 2; plus a
3.3
% SCB for Basel III Standardized ratios and a fixed
2.5
% capital conservation buffer for Basel III Advanced ratios. The countercyclical buffer is currently set to
0
% by the federal banking agencies.
(b)
For the period ended December 31, 2023, the CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratio requirements under Basel III Standardized applicable to the Firm were
11.4
%,
12.9
%, and
14.9
%, respectively; the Basel III Advanced CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratio requirements applicable to the Firm were
11.0
%,
12.5
%, and
14.5
%, respectively.
(c)
Represents requirements for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratio requirements include