respectively. The Firm includes the gains/(losses) on the hedging derivative in the same line item in the Consolidated statements of income as the change in cash flows on the related hedged item.
(a)
Primarily consists of hedges of SOFR-indexed floating-rate assets. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income.
(b)
Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of non-U.S. dollar-denominated revenue and expense. The income statement classification of gains and losses follows the hedged item – primarily noninterest revenue and compensation expense.
The Firm did not experience any forecasted transactions that failed to occur for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Over the next 12 months, the Firm expects that approximately $(
1.6
) billion (after-tax) of net losses recorded in AOCI at December 31, 2024, related to cash flow hedges will be recognized in income. For cash flow hedges that have been terminated, the maximum length of time over which the derivative results recorded in AOCI will be recognized in earnings is approximately
seven years
, corresponding to the timing of the originally hedged forecasted cash flows. For open cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is approximately
seven years
. The Firm’s longer-dated forecasted transactions relate to core lending and borrowing activities.
Net investment hedge gains and losses
The following table presents hedging instruments, by contract type, that were used in net investment hedge accounting relationships, and the pre-tax gains/(losses) recorded on such instruments for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(a)
Certain components of hedging derivatives are permitted to be excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts. The Firm elects to record changes in fair value of these amounts directly in other income.
(b)
Excludes amounts reclassified from AOCI to income on the sale or liquidation of hedged entities. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Firm reclassified a net pre-tax gain of $
89
million to other income/expense. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Firm reclassified a net pre-tax loss of $(
35
) million to other revenue including the impact of the acquisition of CIFM. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Firm reclassified net pre-tax gains of $
38
million to other income/expense related to the liquidation of certain legal entities. Refer to Note 24 for further information.
Gains and losses on derivatives used for specified risk management purposes
The following table presents pre-tax gains/(losses) recorded on a limited number of derivatives, not designated in hedge accounting relationships, that are used to manage risks associated with certain specified assets and liabilities, including certain risks arising from mortgage commitments, warehouse loans, MSRs, wholesale lending exposures, and foreign currency