related fees are recognized over the period in which the related service is provided.
Refer to Note 28 for further information on lending-related commitments.
The following table presents the components of lending- and deposit-related fees.
(a)    Includes the amortization of the fair value discount on certain acquired lending-related commitments associated with First Republic, predominantly in AWM and CIB. The discount is deferred in other liabilities and recognized on a straight-line basis over the commitment period and was largely recognized in 2023 as the commitments were generally short term. Refer to Note 34 for additional information.
Lending- and deposit-related fees are earned by CCB, CIB and AWM.
Asset management fees
Investment management fees include fees associated with  assets the Firm manages on behalf of its clients, including investors in Firm-sponsored funds and owners of separately managed investment accounts. Management fees are typically based on the value of assets under management and are collected and recognized at the end of each period over which the management services are provided and the value of the managed assets is known. The Firm also receives performance-based management fees, which are earned based on exceeding certain benchmarks or other performance targets and are accrued and recognized when the probability of reversal is remote, typically at the end of the related billing period.
All other asset management fees include commissions earned on the sales or distribution of mutual funds to clients. These fees are recorded as revenue at the time the service is rendered or, in the case of certain distribution fees, based on the underlying fund’s asset value or investor redemption activity.
The following table presents the components of asset management fees.
Asset management fees earned primarily by AWM and CCB.
Commissions and other fees
This revenue category includes commissions and fees from brokerage and custody services, and other products.
Brokerage commissions represents commissions earned when the Firm acts as a broker, by facilitating its clients’ purchases and sales of securities and other financial instruments. Brokerage commissions are collected and recognized as revenue upon occurrence of the client transaction. The Firm reports certain costs paid to third-party clearing houses and exchanges net against commission revenue.
Administration fees predominantly include fees for custody, funds services, securities lending and securities clearance. These fees are recorded as revenue over the period in which the related service is provided.
The following table presents the components of commissions and other fees.
(a)
Includes annuity sales commissions, depositary receipt-related service fees and travel-related sales commissions, as well as other service fees, which are recognized as revenue when the services are rendered.
Commissions and other fees are earned primarily by CIB, CCB and AWM.
Mortgage fees and