phased out as of January 1, 2025. As of December 31, 2024, the Firm's CET1 capital reflected the remaining benefit of $
720
million associated with the CECL capital transition provisions.
Similarly, as of January 1, 2025, the Firm has phased out the other CECL capital transition provisions which impacted Tier 2 capital, adjusted average assets, total leverage exposure and RWA, as applicable.
Refer to Note 27 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information on CECL capital transition provisions.
158
The following tables present risk-based capital metrics under both the Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced approaches and leverage-based capital metrics for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were well-capitalized and met all capital requirements to which each was subject.
(a)
As of January 1, 2025, the benefit from the CECL capital transition provision had been fully phased out. The capital metrics for the period ended December 31, 2024 reflected the CECL capital transition provisions.
(b)
Includes the impacts of certain assets associated with First Republic to which the Standardized approach has been applied as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules.
(a)
As of January 1, 2025, the benefit from the CECL capital transition provision had been fully phased out. The capital metrics for the period ended December 31, 2024 reflected the CECL capital transition provisions.
(b)
Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the leverage ratios, includes quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill, inclusive of estimated equity method goodwill, and other intangible assets.
159
Note 22 –
Off–balance sheet lending-related
financial instruments, guarantees, and other
commitments
JPMorganChase provides lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees) to address the financing needs of its customers and clients. The contractual amount of these financial instruments represents the maximum possible credit risk to the Firm should the customer or client draw upon the commitment or the Firm be required to fulfill its obligation under the guarantee, and should the customer or client subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of the contract. Most of these commitments and guarantees have historically been refinanced, extended, cancelled, or expired without being drawn or a default occurring. As a result, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not, in the Firm’s view, representative of its expected future credit exposure or funding requirements. Refer to Note 28 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a further discussion of lending-related commitments and guarantees, and the Firm’s related accounting policies.
To provide for expected
credit losses in wholesale and certain consumer