In the opinion of management, these items, in the aggregate, add significant value to JPMorganChase.
Financial instruments for which carrying value approximates fair value
Certain financial instruments that are not carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets are carried
at amounts that approximate fair value, due to their short-term nature and generally negligible credit risk. These instruments include cash and due from banks, deposits with banks, federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed, short-term receivables and accrued interest receivable, short-term borrowings, federal funds purchased, securities loaned and sold under repurchase agreements, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. In addition, U.S. GAAP requires that the fair value of deposit liabilities with no stated maturity (i.e., demand, savings and certain money market deposits) be equal to their carrying value; recognition of the inherent funding value of these instruments is not permitted.
The following table presents, by fair value hierarchy classification, the carrying values and estimated fair values at December 31, 2024 and 2023, of financial assets and liabilities, excluding financial instruments that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis, and their classification within the fair value hierarchy.
(a)
Fair value is typically estimated using a discounted cash flow model that incorporates the characteristics of the underlying loans (including principal, contractual interest rate and contractual fees) and other key inputs, including expected lifetime credit losses, interest rates, prepayment rates, and primary origination or secondary market spreads. For certain loans, the fair value is measured based on the value of the underlying collateral. Carrying value of the loan takes into account the loan’s allowance for loan losses, which represents the loan’s expected credit losses over its remaining expected life. The difference between the estimated fair value and carrying value of a loan is generally attributable to changes in market interest rates, including credit spreads, market liquidity premiums and other factors that affect the fair value of a loan but do not affect its carrying value.
(b)
Excludes lending-related commitments disclosed in the table below.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
The majority of the Firm’s lending-related commitments are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis on the Consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value and the estimated fair value of these wholesale lending-related commitments were as follows for the periods indicated.
(a)
Excludes the current carrying values of the guarantee liability and the offsetting asset, each of which is recognized at fair value at the inception of the guarantees.
(b)
Includes the wholesale allowance for lending-related commitments.
(c)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, included fair value adjustments associated with First Republic