costs, are allocated from Corporate to the respective reportable business segments, with the allocations recorded in noncompensation expense.
(e)
In the first quarter of 2023, the allocations of revenue and expense to CCB associated with a Merchant Services revenue sharing agreement were discontinued and are now retained in Payments in CIB. Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation.
(f)
Included a $
7.9
billion net gain related to Visa shares recorded in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to Notes 2 and 6 for additional information.
(g)
Included a $
1.0
billion contribution of Visa shares to the JPMorgan Chase Foundation recorded in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to Notes 2 and 6 for additional information.
Note 33 –
Parent Company
The following tables present Parent Company-only financial statements.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
(a)
Includes interest expense for intercompany derivative hedges on the Firm’s LTD and related fair value adjustments, which is offset by related amounts in Other interest expense/(income).
(b)
At December 31, 2024, long-term debt that contractually matures in 2025 through 2029 totaled $
7.7
billion, $
29.3
billion, $
20.2
billion, $
35.0
billion, and $
18.5
billion, respectively.
(c)
Refer to Notes 20 and 28 for information regarding the Parent Company’s guarantees of its subsidiaries’ obligations.
(d)
Represents payments, net of refunds, made by the Parent Company to various taxing authorities and includes taxes paid on behalf of certain of its subsidiaries that are subsequently reimbursed. The reimbursements were $
5.0
billion, $
13.2
billion, and $
11.3
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Note 34 –
Business combinations
On May 1, 2023, JPMorganChase acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of First Republic Bank (the "First Republic acquisition") from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”), as receiver. The acquisition resulted in a bargain purchase gain, which represents the excess of the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired above the purchase price.
The Firm has determined that this acquisition constitutes a business combination under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the initial recognition of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were generally measured at their estimated fair values as of May 1, 2023. The determination of those fair values required management to make certain market-based assumptions about expected future cash flows, discount rates and other valuation inputs at the time of the acquisition. The Firm believes that the fair value estimates of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed provide a reasonable basis for determining the estimated bargain purchase gain.
The First Republic acquisition resulted in a preliminary estimated bargain purchase gain of $
2.7
billion. The final bargain purchase gain of $
2.9
billion reflects adjustments of $
103
million and $
63
million