period-to-period and parameter-to-parameter based on the characteristics of the instruments held by the Firm at each balance sheet date.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
(a)
The categories presented in the table have been aggregated based upon the product type, which may differ from their classification on the Consolidated balance sheets. Furthermore, the inputs presented for each valuation technique in the table are, in some cases, not applicable to every instrument valued using the technique as the characteristics of the instruments can differ.
(b)
Comprises U.S. GSE and government agency securities of $
488
million, nonagency securities of $
5
million and non-trading loans of $
368
million.
(c)
Comprises nonagency securities of $
18
million, trading loans of $
65
million and non-trading loans of $
1.3
billion.
(d)
Comprises trading loans of $
1.0
billion and non-trading loans of $
707
million.
(e)
Long-term debt, short-term borrowings and deposits include structured notes issued by the Firm that are financial instruments that typically contain embedded derivatives. The estimation of the fair value of structured notes includes the derivative features embedded within the instrument. The significant unobservable inputs are broadly consistent with those presented for derivative receivables.
(f)
Includes equity securities of $
734
million including $
672
million in Other assets, for which quoted prices are not readily available and the fair value is generally based on internal valuation techniques such as EBITDA multiples and comparable analysis. All other level 3 assets and liabilities are insignificant both individually and in aggregate.
(g)
Price is a significant unobservable input for certain instruments. When quoted market prices are not readily available, reliance is generally placed on price-based internal valuation techniques. The price input is expressed assuming a par value of $
100
.
(h)
Forward equity price is expressed as a percentage of the current equity price.
(i)
Amounts represent weighted averages except for derivative related inputs where arithmetic averages are used.
Changes in and ranges of unobservable inputs
The following discussion provides a description of the impact on a fair value measurement of a change in each unobservable input in isolation, and the interrelationship between unobservable inputs, where relevant and significant. The impact of changes in inputs may not be independent, as a change in one unobservable input may give rise to a change in another unobservable input. Where relationships do exist between two unobservable inputs, those relationships are discussed below. Relationships may also exist between observable and unobservable inputs (for example, as observable interest rates rise, unobservable prepayment rates decline); such relationships have not been included in the discussion below. In addition, for each of the individual relationships described below, the inverse relationship would also