Management VaR methodology, assuming current changes in market values are consistent with the historical changes used in the simulation, the Firm would expect to incur VaR backtesting exceptions five times every 100 trading days on average. The number of VaR backtesting exceptions observed can differ from the statistically expected number of backtesting exceptions if the current level of market volatility is materially different from the level of market volatility during the 12 months of historical data used in the VaR calculation.
For the 12 months ended March 31, 2025, the Firm posted backtesting gains on 172 of the 259 days, and observed 11 VaR backtesting exceptions. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Firm posted backtesting gains on
42 of the 63 days,
and observed three VaR backtesting
exceptions.
The following chart presents the distribution of Firmwide daily backtesting gains and losses for the trailing 12 months and three months ended March 31, 2025. The daily backtesting losses are displayed as a percentage of the corresponding daily Risk Management VaR. The count of days with backtesting losses are shown in aggregate, in fifty percentage point intervals. Backtesting exceptions are displayed within the intervals that are greater than one hundred percent. The results in the chart below differ from the results of backtesting disclosed in the Market Risk section of the Firm’s Basel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are based on Regulatory VaR applied to the Firm’s covered positions.
Distribution of Daily Backtesting Gains and Losses
67
Structural interest rate risk management
The effect of interest rate exposure on the Firm’s reported net income is important as interest rate risk represents one of the Firm’s significant market risks. Interest rate risk arises not only from trading activities which are included in VaR, but also from the Firm’s traditional banking activities, which include extension of loans and credit facilities, taking deposits, issuing debt, as well as the investment securities portfolio, and associated derivative instruments.
Refer to the table on page 142 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a summary by LOB and Corporate identifying positions included in earnings-at-risk.
Earnings-at-risk
One way that the Firm evaluates its structural interest rate risk is through earnings-at-risk. Earnings-at-risk estimates the Firm’s interest rate exposure for a given interest rate scenario. It is presented as a sensitivity to a baseline, which includes net interest income and certain interest rate sensitive fees. The baseline uses market interest rates and, in the case of deposits, pricing assumptions. The Firm conducts simulations of changes to this baseline for interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars and other currencies (“non-U.S. dollar” currencies). These simulations primarily include retained and held-for-sale loans, deposits, deposits with banks and