Collective and Individual Assessments
When calculating the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for lending-related commitments, the Firm assesses whether exposures share similar risk characteristics. If similar risk characteristics exist, the Firm estimates expected credit losses collectively, considering the risk associated with a particular pool and the probability that the exposures within the pool will deteriorate or default. The assessment of risk characteristics is subject to significant management judgment. Emphasizing one characteristic over another or considering additional characteristics could affect the allowance.
•
Relevant risk characteristics for the consumer portfolio include product type, delinquency status, current FICO scores, geographic distribution, and, for collateralized loans, current LTV ratios.
•
Relevant risk characteristics for the wholesale portfolio include risk rating, delinquency status, tenor, level and type of collateral, LOB, geography, industry, credit enhancement, product type, facility purpose, and payment terms.
The majority of the Firm’s credit exposures share risk characteristics with other similar exposures, and as a result are collectively assessed for impairment (“portfolio-based component”). The portfolio-based component covers consumer loans, performing risk-rated loans and certain lending-related commitments.
If an exposure does not share risk characteristics with other exposures, the Firm generally estimates expected credit losses on an individual basis, considering expected repayment and conditions impacting that individual exposure (“asset-specific component”). The asset-specific component covers collateral-dependent loans and risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status.
Portfolio-based component
The portfolio-based component begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower changing delinquency status or moving from one risk rating to another. The quantitative calculation covers expected credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying credit loss factors to the Firm’s estimated exposure at default. The credit loss factors incorporate the
probability of borrower default as well as loss severity in the event of default. They are derived using a weighted average of five internally developed macroeconomic scenarios over an eight-quarter forecast period, followed by a single year straight-line interpolation to revert to long run historical information for periods beyond the eight-quarter forecast period. The five macroeconomic scenarios consist of a central, relative adverse, extreme adverse, relative upside and extreme upside scenario, and are updated by the Firm’s central forecasting team. The scenarios take into consideration the Firm’s macroeconomic outlook, internal perspectives from subject matter experts across the Firm, and market consensus and involve a governed process that incorporates feedback from