commitments include both short-term bridge loan commitments that will ultimately be replaced by longer term financing as well as term loan commitments. The funded loans include term loans and funded revolver facilities.
CB:
Commercial Banking
CCAR:
Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review
CCB:
Consumer & Community Banking
CCB Consumer customer
: A unique individual that has financial ownership or decision-making power with respect to accounts; excludes customers under the age of 18. Where a customer uses the same identifier as both a Consumer and a Small business, the customer is included in both metrics.
CCB Small business customer:
A unique business or legal entity that has financial ownership or decision-making power with respect to accounts. Where a customer uses the same identifier as both a Consumer and a Small business, the customer is included in both metrics.
CCO:
Chief Compliance Officer
CCP: “Central counterparty”
is a clearing house that interposes itself between counterparties to contracts traded in one or more financial markets, becoming the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer and thereby ensuring the future performance of open contracts. A CCP becomes a counterparty to trades with market participants through novation, an open offer system, or another legally binding arrangement.
CDS:
Credit default swaps
CECL:
Current Expected Credit Losses
CEO:
Chief Executive Officer
CET1 Capital:
Common equity Tier 1 capital
CFO:
Chief Financial Officer
CFP:
Contingency funding plan
CFTC:
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
CIB:
Commercial & Investment Bank
CIO:
Chief Investment Office
Client assets:
Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage, administration and deposit accounts.
Client deposits and other third-party liabilities:
Deposits, as well as deposits that are swept to on-balance sheet liabilities (e.g., commercial paper, federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements) as part of client cash management programs.
Client investment assets:
Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage and annuity accounts, and deposits held in investment accounts.
CLO:
Collateralized loan obligations
CLTV:
Combined loan-to-value
CMT:
Constant Maturity Treasury
Collateral-dependent:
A loan is considered to be collateral-dependent when repayment of the loan is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
experiencing financial difficulty, including when foreclosure is deemed probable based on borrower delinquency.
Commercial Card:
provides a wide range of payment services to corporate and public sector clients worldwide through the commercial card products. Services include procurement, corporate travel and entertainment, expense management services, and business-to-business payment solutions.
Credit derivatives:
Financial instruments whose value is derived from the credit