Firm’s only form of continuing involvement, the Firm generally experiences a loss only if the Firm was required to repurchase a delinquent loan or foreclosed asset due to a breach in representations and warranties associated with its loan sale or servicing contracts.
148
Note
14 –
Goodwill, mortgage servicing rights, and other intangible assets
Refer to Note 15 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a detailed discussion of goodwill, mortgage servicing rights, and other intangible assets and the related accounting policies.
Goodwill
Goodwill is recorded upon completion of a business combination as the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the net assets acquired, and can be adjusted up to one year from the acquisition date as additional information pertaining to facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
The following table presents goodwill attributed to the reportable business segments and Corporate.
The following table presents changes in the carrying amount of goodwill.
(a)
Primarily foreign currency adjustments.
Goodwill impairment testing
Goodwill is tested for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate that there may be an impairment. Refer to Note 15 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a further discussion of the Firm’s goodwill impairment testing.
Unanticipated declines in business performance, increases in credit losses, increases in capital requirements, as well as deterioration in economic or market conditions, adverse regulatory or legislative changes or increases in the estimated market cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of the Firm’s reporting units to decline in the future, which could result in a material impairment charge to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill.
As of March 31, 2025, the Firm reviewed current economic conditions, estimated market cost of equity, as well as actual business results and projections of business performance. Based on such reviews, the Firm has concluded that goodwill was not impaired as of March 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024,
no
r was goodwill written off due to impairment during the three months ended March 31, 2025 or 2024.
149
Mortgage servicing rights
MSRs represent the fair value of expected future cash flows for performing servicing activities for others. The fair value considers estimated future servicing fees and ancillary revenue, offset by estimated costs to service the loans, and generally declines over time as net servicing cash flows are received, effectively amortizing the MSR asset against contractual servicing and ancillary fee income. MSRs are either purchased from third parties or recognized upon sale or securitization of mortgage loans if servicing is retained. Refer to Notes 2 and 15 of