evaluates the need for changes in unrecognized tax benefits based on its anticipated tax return filing positions as part of its U.S. federal and state and local tax returns. In addition, the Firm is presently under audit by a number of taxing authorities, most notably by the Internal Revenue Service, as summarized in the Tax examination status table below. The evaluation of unrecognized tax benefits as well as the potential for audit settlements make it reasonably possible that over the next 12 months the gross balance of unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease by as much as approximately $
2.4
billion. The change in the unrecognized tax benefit would result in a payment or income statement recognition.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits.
After-tax interest expense/(benefit) and penalties related to income tax liabilities recognized in income tax expense were $
288
million, $
229
million and $
141
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, in addition to the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, the Firm had accrued $
1.7
billion and $
1.6
billion, respectively, for income tax-related interest and penaltie
s.
Tax examination status
JPMorganChase is continually under examination by the Internal Revenue Service, by taxing authorities throughout the world, and by many state and local jurisdictions throughout the U.S.
The following table summarizes the status of tax years that remain subject to income tax examination of JPMorganChase and its consolidated subsidiaries by significant jurisdictions as of December 31, 2024.
Note 26 –
Restricted cash, other restricted assets and intercompany funds transfers
Restricted cash and other restricted assets
Certain of the Firm’s cash and other assets are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. These restrictions are imposed by various regulatory authorities based on the particular activities of the Firm’s subsidiaries.
The business of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is subject to examination and regulation by the OCC. The Bank is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, and its deposits in the U.S. are insured by the FDIC, subject to applicable limits.
The Firm is required to maintain cash reserves at certain non-US central banks.
The Firm is also subject to rules and regulations established by other U.S. and non U.S. regulators. As part of its compliance with the respective regulatory requirements, the Firm’s broker-dealer activities are subject to certain restrictions on cash and other assets.
The following table presents the components of the Firm’s restricted cash:
(a)
Comprises $
26.1
billion and $
18.2
billion in deposits with banks, and $
1.4
billion and $
1.4
billion in cash and due from banks on the Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Also, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Firm had the following other restricted assets:
•
Cash and securities