Financial in CIB. For 2023, predominantly represents estimated goodwill associated with the acquisition of the remaining
51
% interest in CIFM in AWM and the acquisition of Aumni Inc., predominantly in CIB. For 2022, represents estimated goodwill associated with the acquisitions of Global Shares PLC in AWM, Frosch Travel Group, LLC and Figg, Inc. in CCB, and Renovite Technologies, Inc. and Volkswagen Payments S.A. in CIB.
(b)
Primarily foreign currency adjustments.
Goodwill impairment testing
The Firm’s goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The goodwill impairment test is generally performed by comparing the current fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. If the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, then the reporting unit’s goodwill is considered not to be impaired. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, then an impairment is recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, up to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
The Firm uses the reporting units’ allocated capital plus goodwill and other intangible assets as a proxy for the carrying values of equity for the reporting units in the goodwill impairment testing. Reporting unit equity is determined on a similar basis as the allocation of capital to the LOBs which takes into consideration a variety of factors including capital levels of similarly rated peers and applicable regulatory capital requirements. LOB’s allocated capital levels are incorporated into the Firm’s annual budget process, which is reviewed by the Firm’s Board of Directors and Operating Committee.
The primary method the Firm uses to estimate the fair value of its reporting units is the income approach. This approach projects cash flows for the forecast period and uses the perpetuity growth method to calculate terminal values. These cash flows and terminal values, which are based on the reporting units’ annual budgets and forecasts are then discounted using an appropriate discount rate. The discount rate used for each reporting unit represents an estimate of the cost of equity for that reporting unit and is determined considering the Firm’s overall estimated cost of equity (estimated using the Capital Asset Pricing Model), as adjusted for the risk characteristics specific to each reporting unit (for example, for higher levels of risk or uncertainty associated with the business or management’s forecasts and assumptions). To assess the reasonableness of the discount rates used for each reporting unit, management compares the discount rate to the estimated cost of equity for publicly traded institutions with similar businesses and risk characteristics. In addition, the weighted average cost of equity (aggregating the various reporting units) is compared with the Firm’s overall estimated cost of equity for reasonableness. The valuations derived from the discounted cash flow analysis are then compared with