transaction. The segment and business results reflect these revenue-sharing agreements.
Expense allocation
Where business segments use services provided by Corporate support units, or another business segment, the costs of those services are allocated to the respective business segments. The expense is generally allocated based on the actual cost and use of services provided. In contrast, certain costs and investments related to Corporate that are not currently utilized by any LOB are not allocated to the business segments and are retained in Corporate. Expense retained in Corporate generally includes costs that would not be incurred if the segments were stand-alone businesses, and other items not solely aligned with a particular reportable business segment.
Funds transfer pricing
Funds transfer pricing (“FTP”) is the process by which the Firm allocates interest income and expense to the LOBs and Other Corporate and transfers the primary interest rate risk and liquidity risk to Treasury and CIO.
The funds transfer pricing process considers the interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics of assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet products. Periodically, the methodology and assumptions utilized in the FTP process are adjusted to reflect economic conditions and other factors, which may impact the allocation of net interest income to the segments. Effective in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Firm updated its FTP with respect to consumer deposits, which resulted in an increase in the funding benefit reflected within CCB’s net interest income that is fully offset in Corporate, with no effect on the Firm’s net interest income.
As a result of higher average interest rates, the cost of funds for assets and the FTP benefit earned for liabilities have generally increased in the current year, impacting the net interest income of the business segments. During the period ended December 31, 2024, this has resulted in a higher cost of funds for loans and Markets activities. In addition, rates paid to deposit holders increased more than the FTP benefit increase during the year, resulting in deposit margin compression.
Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk is transferred from the LOBs and Other Corporate to Treasury and CIO for certain revenues and expenses. Treasury and CIO manages these risks centrally and reports the impact of foreign exchange rate movements related to the transferred risk in its results. Refer to Market Risk Management on page 149 for additional information.
Debt expense and preferred stock dividend allocation
As part of the FTP process, almost all of the cost of the credit spread component of outstanding unsecured long-term debt and preferred stock dividends is allocated to the reportable business segments, while the balance of the cost is retained in Corporate. The methodology to allocate the cost of unsecured long-term debt and preferred stock dividends to the business segments is aligned with the relevant regulatory capital