(“Nutmeg”). JPMEL is regulated by the PRA, and both JPMEL and Nutmeg are regulated by the FCA with respect to their conduct of financial services in the U.K., including obligations relating to the fair treatment of customers. JPMEL is also regulated by the U.K. Payment Systems Regulator with respect to its operation and use of payment systems. In addition, the retail businesses of JPMEL and Nutmeg are subject to U.K. consumer-protection legislation.
Securities and broker-dealer regulation:
The Firm conducts securities underwriting, dealing and brokerage activities in the U.S. through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and other non-bank broker-dealer subsidiaries, all of which are subject to regulations of the SEC, FINRA and the New York Stock Exchange, among others. The Firm conducts similar securities activities outside the U.S. subject to local regulatory requirements. In the U.K., those activities are primarily conducted by J.P. Morgan Securities plc and in the EU, those activities are primarily conducted by JPMSE. Broker-dealers are subject to laws and regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading practices, securities offerings, publication of research reports, use of customer funds, the financing of client purchases, capital structure, record-keeping and retention, and the conduct of their directors, officers and employees. Refer to Broker-dealer regulatory capital on page 107 for information concerning the capital of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and JPMSE. In addition, the Firm's sales and trading activities, which are conducted through both bank and non-bank subsidiaries, are subject to laws and regulations relating to market conduct, including prohibitions on manipulative or anti-competitive practices.
Investment management regulation:
The Firm’s asset and wealth management businesses are subject to significant regulation in jurisdictions around the world relating to, among other things, the safeguarding and management of client assets, offerings of funds and marketing activities. Certain of the Firm’s subsidiaries are registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as investment advisers and broker-dealers. The Firm’s registered investment advisers in the U.S. are subject to the fiduciary and other obligations imposed under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and applicable state and federal law. The Firm’s bank fiduciary activities are subject to supervision by the OCC.
The Firm’s asset and wealth management businesses continue to be subject to ongoing rule-making and implementation of new regulations and other guidance, including by the SEC and certain U.S. states with respect to enhanced standards of conduct and conflicts of interest. In April 2024, the Department of Labor (“DOL”) finalized a new “fiduciary” rule that would significantly expand the scope for defining who can be deemed investment advice fiduciaries for purposes of retirement plans and individual