transaction.
Tax credit vehicles
The Firm holds investments in unconsolidated tax credit vehicles, which are limited partnerships and similar entities that own and operate affordable housing, alternative energy, and other projects. These entities are primarily considered VIEs. A third party is typically the general partner or managing member and has control over the significant activities of the tax credit vehicles, and accordingly the Firm does not consolidate tax credit vehicles. The Firm generally invests in these partnerships as a limited partner and earns a return primarily through the receipt of tax credits allocated to the projects. The maximum loss exposure, represented by equity investments and funding commitments, was $
35.2
billion and $
35.1
billion, of which $
15.0
billion and $
14.7
billion was unfunded at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Firm assesses each project and to reduce the risk of loss, may withhold varying amounts of its capital investment until the project qualifies for tax credits. Refer to Note 28 for more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments.
Effective January 1, 2024, the Firm adopted updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method guidance which expanded the types of tax-oriented investments, beyond affordable housing tax credit investments, that the Firm can elect on a program by program basis, to be accounted for using the proportional amortization method. Refer to Notes 1, 6 and 25 for further information.
The proportional amortization method requires the cost of eligible investments, within an elected program, be amortized in proportion to the tax benefits received with the resulting amortization reported directly in income tax expense, which aligns with the associated tax credits and other tax benefits. Investments must meet certain criteria to be eligible,
including that substantially all of the return is from income tax credits and other income tax benefits.
In addition, under this method deferred taxes are generally not recorded as the investment is now amortized in proportion to the income tax credits and other income tax benefits received. Delayed equity contributions that are unconditional and legally binding or conditional and probable of occurring are recorded in other liabilities with a corresponding increase in the carrying value of the investment. The guidance also requires a reevaluation of eligible investments when significant modifications or events occur that result in a change in the nature of the investment or a change in the Firm's relationship with the underlying project. During the period, there were no significant modifications or events that resulted in a change in the nature of an eligible investment or a change in the Firm's relationship with the underlying project.
The following table provides information on tax-oriented investments for which the Firm elected to apply the proportional