Substantially all the defined benefit pension plans are closed to new participants. The principal defined benefit pension plan in the U.S., which covered substantially all U.S. employees, was closed to new participants and frozen for existing participants on January 1, 2020, (and January 1, 2019 for new hires on or after December 2, 2017). Interest credits continue to accrue to participants’ accounts based on their accumulated balances.
The Firm maintains funded and unfunded postretirement benefit plans that provide medical and life insurance for certain eligible employees and retirees
as well as their dependents covered under these programs. None of these plans have a material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Firm also provides a qualified defined contribution plan in the U.S. and maintains other similar arrangements in certain non-U.S. locations. The most significant of these plans is the JPMorgan Chase 401(k) Savings Plan (“the 401(k) Savings Plan”), which covers substantially all U.S. employees. Employees can contribute to the 401(k) Savings Plan on a pretax and/or Roth 401(k) after-tax basis. The Firm makes annual matching and pay credit contributions to the 401(k) Savings Plan on behalf of eligible participants.
The following table presents the pretax benefit obligations, plan assets, the net funded status, and the amounts recorded in AOCI on the Consolidated balance sheets for the Firm’s significant defined benefit pension and OPEB plans.
The weighted-average discount rate used to value the benefit obligations as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, was
5.49
% and
5.16
%, respectively.
Gains and losses
Gains or losses resulting from changes in the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets are recorded in OCI. Amortization of net gains or losses are recognized as part of the net periodic benefit cost over subsequent periods, if, as of the beginning of the year, the net gain or loss exceeds
10
% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of the plan assets. Amortization is generally over the average expected remaining lifetime of plan participants, given the frozen status of most plans. For the year ended
December 31, 2024, the net loss was attributable to lower than expected returns on plan assets, partially offset by projected benefit obligation net gains primarily related to changes in the discount rate. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the net gain was attributable to market-driven increases in the fair value of plan assets, partially offset by changes in the discount rate and interest crediting rate.
The following table presents the net periodic benefit costs reported in the Consolidated statements of income for the Firm’s defined benefit pension, defined contribution and OPEB plans, and in other comprehensive income for the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans.
(a)
The service cost component of net periodic defined benefit cost is reported in compensation expense; all