primarily in Real Estate, and the impact of incorporating the First Republic portfolio into the Firm’s modeled credit loss estimates in the second quarter of 2024.
The Firm’s qualitative adjustments continued to include additional weight placed on the adverse scenarios to reflect ongoing uncertainties and downside risks related to the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment.
The Firm's allowance for credit losses is estimated using a weighted average of five internally developed macroeconomic scenarios. The adverse scenarios incorporate more punitive macroeconomic factors than the central case assumptions provided in the table below, resulting in:
•
a weighted average U.S. unemployment rate peaking at 5.5% in the fourth quarter of 2025, and
•
a weighted average U.S. real GDP level that is 1.9% lower than the central case at the end of the second quarter of 2026.
The following table presents the Firm’s central case assumptions for the periods presented:
(a)
Reflects quarterly average of forecasted U.S. unemployment rate.
(b)
The year over year growth in U.S. real GDP in the forecast horizon of the central scenario is calculated as the percentage change in U.S. real GDP levels from the prior year.
Subsequent changes to this forecast and related estimates will be reflected in the provision for credit losses in future periods.
Refer to Consumer Credit Portfolio on pages 120–125, Wholesale Credit Portfolio on pages 126–136 and Note 12 for additional information on the consumer and wholesale credit portfolios.
Refer to Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on pages 161–164 for further information on the allowance for credit losses and related management judgments.
Management’s discussion and analysis
(a)
Represents the impact to the allowance for loan losses upon the adoption of the Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Troubled Debt Restructurings accounting guidance. Refer to Note 1 for further information.
(b)
Includes collateral-dependent loans, including those for which foreclosure is deemed probable, and nonaccrual risk-rated loans.
(c)
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, in addition to the allowance for credit losses in the table above, the Firm also had an allowance for credit losses of $268 million and $243 million, respectively, associated with certain accounts receivable in CIB.
(d)
The Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance.
Allocation of allowance for loan losses
The table below presents a breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by loan class. Refer to Note 12 for further information on loan classes.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Investment portfolio risk is the risk associated with the loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments arising from the investment securities portfolio or from principal investments. The investment securities portfolio is predominantly held by Treasury and CIO in connection with the