organization and relevant corporate functions, including IRM and Internal Audit.
The CTOC escalates key operational risk and control issues, as appropriate, to the Global Technology Operating Committee (“GTOC”) or its business control committee or to the appropriate LOB and Corporate Control Committees. The GTOC is responsible for the governance of the Firmwide Global Technology organization, including oversight of Firmwide technology strategies, the delivery of technology and technology operations, the effective use of information technology resources, and monitoring and resolving key operational risk and control matters arising in the Global Technology organization.
As part of its oversight of management’s implementation and maintenance of the Firm’s risk management framework, the Firm’s Board of Directors receives periodic updates from the CIO, the CISO and senior members of the CTOC concerning cybersecurity matters.
These updates generally include information regarding cybersecurity and technology developments, the Firm’s Information Security Program and recommended changes to that program, cybersecurity policies and practices, and ongoing initiatives to improve information security, as well as any significant cybersecurity incidents and the Firm's efforts to address those incidents.
The Audit Committee and the Risk Committee assist the Board in this oversight.
Compliance risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the risk of failing to comply with laws, rules, regulations or codes of conduct and standards of self-regulatory organizations.
Overview
Each of the LOBs and Corporate hold primary ownership of and accountability for managing their compliance risk. The Firm’s Operational Risk and Compliance Organization (“Operational Risk and Compliance”), which is independent of the LOBs and Corporate, provides independent review, monitoring and oversight of business operations with a focus on compliance with the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the delivery of the Firm’s products and services to clients and customers.
These compliance risks relate to a wide variety of laws, rules and regulations across the LOBs and Corporate, and jurisdictions, and include risks related to financial products and services, relationships and interactions with clients and customers, and employee activities. For example, compliance risks include those associated with anti-money laundering compliance, trading activities, market conduct, and complying with the laws, rules, and regulations related to the offering of products and services across jurisdictional borders. Compliance risk is also inherent in the Firm’s fiduciary activities, including the failure to exercise the applicable standard of care to act in the best interest of fiduciary clients and customers or to treat fiduciary clients and customers fairly.
Other functions provide oversight of significant regulatory obligations that are specific to their respective areas of responsibility.
Operational