respectively. In addition, the Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance.
The following table provides information about the Firm’s net charge-offs and recoveries.
48
The Firm’s retained consumer portfolio consists primarily of loans and lending-related commitments for residential real estate, credit card, and scored auto and business banking. The consumer credit portfolio also includes loans at fair value, predominantly in residential real estate. The Firm’s focus is on serving primarily the prime segment of the consumer credit market. For further information on consumer loans, as well as the Firm’s nonaccrual and charge-off accounting policies, refer to Note 11 of this Form 10-Q and Consumer Credit Portfolio on pages 120–125 and Note 12 of JPMorganChase's 2024 Form 10-K. Refer to Note 22 of this Form 10-Q and Note 28 of JPMorganChase's 2024 Form 10-K for further information on lending-related commitments.
The following tables present consumer credit-related information with respect to the scored credit portfolios held in CCB, AWM, CIB and Corporate.
(a)
Includes scored mortgage and home equity loans held in CCB and AWM.
(b)
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, excluded operating lease assets of $14.6 billion and $12.8 billion, respectively. These operating lease assets are included in other assets on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 16 for further information.
(c)
Includes scored auto and business banking loans, and overdrafts.
(d)
Includes scored mortgage loans held in CCB and CIB, and other consumer unsecured loans in CIB.
(e)
Credit card, home equity and certain business banking lending-related commitments represent the total available lines of credit for these products. The Firm has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all available lines of credit would be used at the same time. Refer to Note 22 for further information.
(f)
Includes billed interest and fees.
(g)
Also includes commercial card lending-related commitments primarily in CIB.
(h)
Represents the notional amount of protection obtained through the issuance of credit-related notes that reference certain pools of residential real estate and auto loans in the retained consumer portfolio.
(i)
Excludes mortgage loans past due and insured by U.S. government agencies, which are primarily 90 or more days past due. These loans have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies were $117 million and $121 million, respectively. In addition, the Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status, as permitted by regulatory guidance.
(j)
Average consumer loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were $18.4 billion and $15.1 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. These