the fair value discount on certain acquired lending-related commitments associated with First Republic, primarily in AWM, as certain of the commitments have expired.
Refer to CIB and AWM segment results on pages 22-26 and pages 27-29, respectively, and Note 5 for additional information.
Asset management fees
increased as a result of net inflows in AWM and higher average market levels in AWM and CCB. Refer to CCB and AWM segment results on pages 19-21 and pages 27-29, respectively, and Note 5 for additional information.
Commissions and other fees
increased, largely due to higher brokerage commissions and fees on higher volume, in both CIB and AWM. Refer to CIB and AWM segment results on pages 22-26 and pages 27-29, respectively, and Note 5 for additional information.
Investment securities losses
decreased, reflecting lower net losses compared to the prior year, which included sales of securities, primarily U.S. GSE and government agency MBS and U.S. Treasuries, associated with repositioning the investment securities portfolio in Treasury and CIO. Refer to Corporate results on pages 30-31 and Note 9 for additional information.
Mortgage fees and related income
: refer to Note 14 for additional information.
Card income
was flat, reflecting, primarily in CCB, lower net interchange income and an increase in amortization related to new account origination costs, offset by higher annual fees. Refer to CCB segment results on pages 19-21 and Note 5 for additional information.
9
Other income
increased, reflecting:
•
a $588 million First Republic-related gain in Corporate, and
•
higher auto operating lease income due to an increase in origination volume in CCB.
Refer to CCB and Corporate results on pages 19-21 and pages 30-31, respectively, for additional information; and Note 5 for additional information on the First Republic-related gain.
Net interest income
increased driven by higher Markets net interest income, higher revolving balances in Card Services, the impact of securities activity including from prior quarters, and higher wholesale deposit balances. These factors were predominantly offset by the impact of lower rates and deposit margin compression, as well as lower average deposit balances in CCB.
The Firm’s average interest-earning assets were $3.7 trillion, up $223 billion, and the yield was 5.19%, down 36 basis points (“bps”). The net yield on these assets, on an FTE basis, was 2.58%, a decrease of 13 bps. The net yield excluding Markets was 3.80%, down 3 bps.
Refer to the Consolidated average balance sheets, interest and rates schedule on page 171 for additional information. Net yield excluding Markets is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 15-16 for an additional discussion of net yield excluding Markets.
Quarterly results
The
provision for credit losses
was $3.3 billion. Net charge-offs were $2.3 billion and the net addition to the allowance for