significant accounting policies and the Note and page where a detailed description of each policy can be found.
Note 2 –
Fair value measurement
JPMorganChase carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. These assets and liabilities are predominantly carried at fair value on a recurring basis (i.e., assets and liabilities that are measured and reported at fair value on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets). Certain assets, liabilities and unfunded lending-related commitments are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, they are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment).
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is based on quoted market prices or inputs, where available. If prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based on valuation models and other valuation techniques that consider relevant transaction characteristics (such as maturity) and use, as inputs, observable or unobservable market parameters, including yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, prices (such as commodity, equity or debt prices), correlations, foreign exchange rates and credit curves. Fair value may also incorporate valuation adjustments.
The level of precision in estimating unobservable market inputs or other factors can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. Furthermore, while the Firm believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those of other market participants, the methods and assumptions used reflect management judgment and may vary across the Firm’s businesses and portfolios.
The Firm uses various methodologies and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The use of different methodologies or assumptions by other market participants compared with those used by the Firm could result in the Firm deriving a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.
Valuation process
Risk-taking functions are responsible for providing fair value estimates for assets and liabilities carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The Firm’s Valuation Control Group (“VCG”), which is part of the Firm’s Finance function and independent of the risk-taking functions, is responsible for verifying these estimates and determining any fair value adjustments that may be required to ensure that the Firm’s positions are recorded at fair value. In addition, the Firm’s Valuation Governance Forum (“VGF”), which is composed of senior finance and risk executives, is responsible for overseeing the management of risks arising from valuation activities conducted across the Firm. The Firmwide VGF is chaired by the Firmwide
head of the VCG (under the direction of the Firm’s Controller), and includes