(a)
Source: Dealogic as of April 1, 2025. Reflects the ranking of revenue wallet and market share.
(b)
Global M&A excludes any withdrawn transactions. U.S. M&A revenue wallet represents wallet from client parents based in the U.S.
(c)
Global equity and equity-related ranking includes rights offerings and Chinese A-Shares.
(d)
Long-term debt rankings include investment-grade, high-yield, supranationals, sovereigns, agencies, covered bonds, asset-backed securities (“ABS”) and mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”); and exclude money market, short-term debt and U.S. municipal securities.
(e)
Global investment banking fees exclude money market, short-term debt and shelf securities.
Markets revenue
The following table summarizes selected income statement data for the Markets businesses. Markets includes both Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Markets revenue consists of principal transactions, fees, commissions and other income, as well as net interest income. The Firm assesses its Markets business performance on a total revenue basis, as offsets generally occur across revenue line items. For example, securities that generate net interest income may be risk-managed by derivatives
that are reflected at fair value in principal transactions revenue. Refer to Notes 5 and 6 for a description of the composition of these income statement line items. Refer to Markets revenue on page 81 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information.
For the periods presented below, the primary source of principal transactions revenue was the amount recognized upon executing new transactions.
25
(a)
Consists of mutual funds, unit investment trusts, currencies, annuities, insurance contracts, options and other contracts.
(b)
Client deposits and other third-party liabilities pertain to the Payments and Securities Services businesses.
(a)
Total net revenue and loans retained (excluding loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value) are based on the location of the trading desk, booking location, or domicile of the client, as applicable.
(b)
Client deposits and other third-party liabilities pertaining to the Payments and Securities Services businesses, and AUC, are based on the domicile of the client or booking location, as applicable.
26
Refer to pages 84–87 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K and Line of Business Metrics on page 180 for a discussion of the business profile of AWM.
(a)
Includes the amortization of the fair value discount on certain acquired lending-related commitments associated with First Republic. The discount, which is deferred in other liabilities and recognized on a straight-line basis over the commitment period, continues to decline as commitments expire.
Quarterly results
Net income was $1.6 billion, up 23%.
Net revenue was $5.7 billion, up 12%. Net interest income was $1.7 billion, up 9%. Noninterest revenue was $4.0 billion, up 14%.
Revenue from Asset Management was $2.7 billion, up 15%, predominantly driven by higher asset management fees