commitments and guarantees associated with the Firm’s membership in certain clearing houses.
(g)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, primarily includes unfunded commitments to purchase secondary market loans, other equity investment commitments, and unfunded commitments related to certain tax-oriented equity investments, and reflects the impact of adopting updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures guidance effective January 1, 2024.
(h)
For lending-related products, the carrying value includes the allowance for lending-related commitments and the guarantee liability; for derivative-related products, and lending-related commitments for which the fair value option was elected, the carrying value represents the fair value.
(i)
For lending-related commitments, the carrying value also includes fees and any purchase discounts or premiums that are deferred and recognized in  accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. Deferred amounts for revolving commitments and commitments not expected to fund, are amortized to lending- and deposit-related fees on a straight line basis over the commitment period. For all other commitments the deferred amounts remain deferred until the commitment funds or is sold.
(j)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, includes fair value adjustments associated with First Republic for residential real estate lending-related commitments totaling $
459
million and $
630
million, respectively; for auto and other lending-related commitments totaling $
37
million and $
148
million, respectively; and for other unfunded commitments to extend credit totaling $
699
million and $
1.1
billion, respectively. Refer to Note 34 for additional information.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Other unfunded commitments to extend credit
Other unfunded commitments to extend credit generally consist of commitments for working capital and general corporate purposes, extensions of credit to support commercial paper facilities and bond financings in the event that those obligations cannot be remarketed to new investors, as well as committed liquidity facilities to clearing organizations. The Firm also issues commitments under multipurpose facilities which could be drawn upon in several forms, including the issuance of a standby letter of credit.
Guarantees
U.S. GAAP requires that a guarantor recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability in an amount equal to the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. U.S. GAAP defines a guarantee as a contract that contingently requires the guarantor to pay the guaranteed party based upon: (a) changes in an underlying asset, liability or equity security of the guaranteed party; or (b) a third party’s failure to perform under a specified agreement. The Firm considers the following off–balance sheet arrangements to be guarantees under U.S. GAAP: standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees, securities lending