certain risks associated with net open risk positions from its market-making activities, including the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables. All derivatives not included in the hedge accounting or specified risk management categories above are included in this category. Gains and losses on these derivatives are primarily recorded in principal transactions revenue. Refer to Note 5 for information on principal transactions revenue.
109
Credit derivatives
Refer to Note 5 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion of credit derivatives.
The following tables present a summary of the notional amounts of credit derivatives and credit-related notes the Firm sold and purchased as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. The Firm does not use notional amounts of credit derivatives as the primary measure of risk management for such derivatives, because the notional amount does not take into account the probability of the occurrence of a credit event, the recovery value of the reference obligation, or related cash instruments and economic hedges, each of which reduces, in the Firm’s view, the risks associated with such derivatives.
Total credit derivatives and credit-related notes
(a)
Other credit derivatives predominantly consist of credit swap options and total return swaps.
(b)
Predominantly represents Other protection purchased by CIB.
(c)
Represents the total notional amount of protection purchased where the underlying reference instrument is identical to the reference instrument on protection sold; the notional amount of protection purchased for each individual identical underlying reference instrument may be greater or lower than the notional amount of protection sold.
(d)
Does not take into account the fair value of the reference obligation at the time of settlement, which would generally reduce the amount the seller of protection pays to the buyer of protection in determining settlement value.
(e)
Represents protection purchased by the Firm on referenced instruments (single-name, portfolio or index) where the Firm has not sold any protection on the identical reference instrument. Also includes credit protection against certain loans and lending-related commitments in the retained lending portfolio through the issuance of credit derivatives and credit-related notes.
110
The following tables summarize the notional amounts by the ratings, maturity profile, and total fair value, of credit derivatives as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, where JPMorganChase is the seller of protection. The maturity profile is based on the remaining contractual maturity of the credit derivative contracts. The ratings profile is based on the rating of the reference entity on which the credit derivative contract is based. The ratings and maturity profile of credit derivatives where JPMorganChase is the purchaser of protection are comparable to the profile reflected below.
(a)
The ratings scale is primarily based on