fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange and equities and commodities prices. The Firm makes markets in derivatives in order to meet these needs and uses derivatives to manage certain risks associated with net open risk positions from its market-making activities, including the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables. The Firm also uses derivative instruments to manage its own credit risk and other market risk exposure. The nature of the counterparty and the settlement mechanism of the derivative affect the
credit risk to which the Firm is exposed. For over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives, the Firm is exposed to the credit risk of the derivative counterparty. For exchange-traded derivatives (“ETD”), such as futures and options, and cleared over-the-counter (“OTC-cleared”) derivatives, the Firm can also be exposed to the credit risk of the relevant CCP. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its credit risk exposures arising from derivative contracts through the use of legally enforceable master netting arrangements and collateral agreements. The percentage of the Firm’s OTC derivative transactions subject to collateral agreements — excluding foreign exchange spot trades, which are not typically covered by collateral agreements due to their short maturity and centrally cleared trades that are settled daily — was approximately 85% and 86% at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Refer to Note 4 for additional information on the Firm’s use of collateral agreements and for a further discussion of derivative contracts, counterparties and settlement types.
The fair value of derivative receivables reported on the Consolidated balance sheets was $60.5 billion and $61.0 billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The decrease was primarily as a result of market movements. Derivative receivables represent the fair value of the derivative contracts after giving effect to legally enforceable master netting agreements and the related cash collateral held by the Firm.
In addition, the Firm holds liquid securities and other cash collateral that may be used as security when the fair value of the client’s exposure is in the Firm’s favor. For these purposes, the definition of liquid securities is consistent with the definition of high quality liquid assets as defined in the LCR rule.
In management’s view, the appropriate measure of current credit risk should also take into consideration other collateral, which generally represents securities that do not qualify as high quality liquid assets under the LCR rule. The benefits of these additional collateral amounts for each counterparty are subject to a legally enforceable master netting agreement and limited to the net amount of the derivative receivables for each counterparty.
The Firm also holds additional collateral (primarily cash, G7 government securities, other liquid government agency and guaranteed securities, and corporate debt and equity