Servicing revenue comprises the following:
Net mortgage servicing revenue:
Includes operating revenue earned from servicing third-party mortgage loans, which is recognized over the period in which the service is provided; changes in the fair value of MSRs; the impact of risk management activities associated with MSRs; and gains and losses on securitization of excess mortgage servicing. Net mortgage servicing revenue also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments of certain repurchased loans insured by U.S. government agencies.
Production revenue:
Includes fees and income recognized as earned on mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell, and the impact of risk management activities associated with the mortgage pipeline and warehouse loans. Production revenue also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments on mortgage loans held-for-sale (excluding certain repurchased loans insured by U.S. government agencies), and changes in the fair value of financial instruments measured under the fair value option.
Mortgage origination channels comprise the following:
Retail:
Borrowers who buy or refinance a home through direct contact with a mortgage banker employed by the Firm using a branch office, the Internet or by phone. Borrowers are frequently referred to a mortgage banker by a banker in a Chase branch, real estate brokers, home builders or other third parties.
Correspondent:
Banks, thrifts, other mortgage banks and other financial institutions that sell closed loans to the Firm.
Card Services:
is a business that primarily issues credit cards to consumers and small businesses.
Net revenue rate:
Represents Card Services net revenue (annualized) expressed as a percentage of average loans for the period.
Auto loan and lease origination volume:
Dollar amount of auto loans and leases originated.
COMMERCIAL & INVESTMENT BANK (“CIB”)
Definition of selected CIB revenue:
Investment Banking:
Includes investment banking fees as well as other revenues associated with investment banking activities and services including advising on corporate strategy and structure, and capital-raising in equity and debt markets.
Payments:
reflects revenue from cash management solutions, including services that enable clients to manage payments globally across liquidity and account solutions, commerce solutions, clearing, trade and working capital.
Lending:
includes revenue from a variety of financing alternatives, which includes on a secured basis.
Fixed Income Markets:
primarily includes revenue related to market-making and lending across global fixed income markets, including foreign exchange, interest rate, credit and commodities markets.
Equity Markets:
primarily includes revenue related to market-making and lending across global equity markets, including cash, derivative and prime brokerage products.
Securities Services:
revenues are primarily generated from net interest income, asset based fees,