credit, foreign exchange and interest rate risks.
Production revenue:
Includes fees and income recognized as earned on mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell, and the impact of risk management activities associated with the mortgage pipeline and warehouse loans. Production revenue also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments on mortgage loans held-for-sale (excluding certain repurchased loans insured by U.S. government agencies), and changes in the fair value of financial instruments measured under the fair value option.
PSU(s):
Performance share units
Regulatory VaR:
Daily aggregated VaR calculated in accordance with regulatory rules.
REO:
Real estate owned
Reported basis:
Financial statements prepared under U.S. GAAP, which excludes the impact of taxable-equivalent adjustments.
Retained loans:
Loans that are held-for-investment (i.e., excludes loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value).
Revenue wallet:
Proportion of fee revenue based on estimates of investment banking fees generated across the industry (i.e., the revenue wallet) from investment banking transactions in M&A, equity and debt underwriting, and loan syndications. Source: Dealogic, a third-party provider of investment banking competitive analysis and volume-based league tables for the above noted industry products.
RHS:
Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
ROA:
Return on assets
ROE:
Return on equity
ROTCE:
Return on tangible common equity
ROU assets:
Right-of-use assets
RSU(s):
Restricted stock units
RWA “Risk-weighted assets”:
Basel III establishes two comprehensive approaches for calculating RWA (a Standardized approach and an Advanced approach) which include capital requirements for credit risk, market risk, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, also operational risk. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced.
S&P:
Standard and Poor’s
SAR as it pertains to Hong Kong:
Special Administrative Region
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
SAR(s) as it pertains to employee stock awards:
Stock appreciation rights
SCB:
Stress capital buffer
Scored portfolios:
Consumer loan portfolios that predominantly include residential real estate loans, credit card loans, auto loans to individuals and certain small business loans.
SEC:
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Securities financing agreements:
Include resale, repurchase, securities borrowed and securities loaned agreements
Securitized Products Group:
Comprised of Securitized