changes in many MEVs are both interrelated and nonlinear, so the results of this analysis cannot be simply extrapolated for more severe changes in macroeconomic variables.
•
Expectations of future changes in portfolio composition and borrower behavior can significantly affect the allowance for credit losses.
To demonstrate the sensitivity of credit loss estimates to macroeconomic forecasts as of March 31, 2025, the Firm compared the modeled estimates under its relative adverse scenario to its central scenario. Without considering offsetting or correlated effects in other qualitative components of the Firm’s allowance for credit losses, the comparison between these two scenarios for the exposures below reflect the following differences:
•
An increase of approximately $1.0 billion for residential real estate loans and lending-related commitments
•
An increase of approximately $3.7 billion for credit card loans
•
An increase of approximately $4.6 billion for wholesale loans and lending-related commitments
This analysis relates only to the modeled credit loss estimates and is not intended to estimate changes in the overall allowance for credit losses as it does not reflect any potential changes in other adjustments to the quantitative calculation, which would also be influenced by the judgment management applies to the modeled lifetime loss estimates to reflect the uncertainty and imprecision of these modeled lifetime loss estimates based on then-current circumstances and conditions.
Recognizing that forecasts of macroeconomic conditions are inherently uncertain, the Firm believes that its process to consider the available information and associated risks and uncertainties is appropriately governed and that its estimates of expected credit losses were reasonable and appropriate for the period ended March 31, 2025.
Fair value
JPMorganChase carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. The majority of such assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including trading assets and liabilities, AFS securities, structured note products and certain securities financing agreements. Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including certain mortgage, home equity and other loans, where the carrying value is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral.
Assets measured at fair value
The following table includes the Firm’s assets measured at fair value and the portion of such assets that are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 2 for further information.
(a)
For purposes of the table above, the derivative receivables total reflects the impact of netting adjustments; however, the $9.1 billion of derivative receivables classified as level 3 does not reflect the netting adjustment as such netting is not relevant to a presentation based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset. The level 3 balances would be reduced if