rate reduction.
Payment status of FDMs
The following table provides information on the payment status of retained credit card FDMs during the twelve months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Defaults of FDMs
Retained credit card FDMs that defaulted during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 and were reported as FDMs in the twelve months prior to the default were not material.
For credit card loans modified as FDMs, payment default is deemed to have occurred when the borrower misses
two
consecutive contractual payments. Defaulted modified credit card loans remain in the modification program and continue to be charged off in accordance with the Firm's standard charge-off policy.
132
Wholesale loan portfolio
Wholesale loans include loans made to a variety of clients, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to small businesses and high-net-worth individuals. The primary credit quality indicator for wholesale loans is the internal risk rating assigned to each loan. Refer to Note 12 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information on these risk ratings.
Internal risk rating is the primary credit quality indicator for retained wholesale loans.
The following tables provide information on internal risk rating and gross charge-offs.
(a)
Includes loans to financial institutions, SPEs, personal investment companies and trusts, individuals and individual entities (predominantly Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB), states and political subdivisions, as well as loans to nonprofits. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, predominantly consisted of $
115.3
billion and $
114.8
billion, respectively, to individuals and individual entities; $
103.0
billion and $
94.0
billion, respectively, to financial institutions; and $
94.9
billion and $
92.5
billion, respectively, to SPEs. Refer to Note 14 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for more information on SPEs.
133
(a)
Includes loans to financial institutions, SPEs, personal investment companies and trusts, individuals and individual entities (predominantly Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB), states and political subdivisions, as well as loans to nonprofits. Refer to Note 14 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for more information on SPEs.
134
The following table presents additional information on retained loans secured by real estate, which consists of loans secured wholly or substantially by a lien or liens on real property at origination.
Geographic distribution and delinquency
The following table provides information on the geographic distribution and delinquency for retained wholesale loans.
(a)
The U.S. and non-U.S. distribution is determined based predominantly on the domicile of the borrower.
(b)
Represents loans that are considered well-collateralized and therefore still accruing interest.
Nonaccrual loans
The following table provides information on retained wholesale nonaccrual