therefore be viewed as estimates.
Combined LTV ratio
The LTV ratio considering all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. Combined LTV ratios are used for junior lien home equity products.
Macro businesses:
the macro businesses include Rates, Currencies and Emerging Markets, Fixed Income Financing and Commodities in CIB's Fixed Income Markets.
Managed basis:
A non-GAAP presentation of Firmwide financial results that includes reclassifications to present revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis. Management also uses this financial measure at the segment level, because it believes this provides information to enable investors to understand the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and facilitates a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors.
Markets:
consists of CIB’s Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets businesses.
Master netting agreement:
A single agreement with a counterparty that permits multiple transactions governed by that agreement to be terminated or accelerated and settled through a single payment in a single currency in the event of a default (e.g., bankruptcy, failure to make a required payment or securities transfer or deliver collateral or margin when due).
MBS:
Mortgage-backed securities
MD&A:
Management’s discussion and analysis
Measurement alternative:
Measures equity securities without readily determinable fair values at cost less impairment (if any), plus or minus observable price changes from an identical or similar investment of the same issuer.
Merchant Services:
offers merchants payment processing capabilities, fraud and risk management, data and analytics, and other payments services. Through Merchant Services, merchants of all sizes can accept payments via credit and debit cards and payments in multiple currencies.
MEV:
Macroeconomic variable
Moody’s:
Moody’s Investor Services
Mortgage origination channels:
Retail – Borrowers who buy or refinance a home through direct contact with a mortgage banker employed by the Firm using a branch office, the Internet or by phone. Borrowers are frequently referred to a mortgage banker by a banker in a Chase branch, real estate brokers, home builders or other third parties.
Correspondent – Banks, thrifts, other mortgage banks and other financial institutions that sell closed loans to the Firm.
Mortgage product types:
Alt-A
Alt-A loans are generally higher in credit quality than subprime loans but have characteristics that would disqualify the borrower from a traditional prime loan. Alt-A lending characteristics may include one or more of the following: (i) limited documentation; (ii) a high CLTV ratio; (iii) loans secured by non-owner occupied properties; or (iv) a debt-to-income ratio above normal limits. A substantial proportion of the Firm’s Alt-A loans are those where a borrower does not provide complete documentation of his or her assets or the amount or source of his or