trust.
Commercial mortgages and other consumer securitizations
CIB originates and securitizes commercial mortgage loans, and engages in underwriting and trading activities involving the securities issued by securitization trusts. CIB may retain unsold senior and/or subordinated interests (including amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules) in commercial mortgage securitizations at the time of securitization but, generally, the Firm does not service commercial loan securitizations. Treasury and CIO may choose to invest in these securitizations as well. For commercial mortgage securitizations the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE generally is held by the servicer or investors in a specified class of securities (“controlling class”). The Firm generally does not retain an interest in the controlling class in its sponsored commercial mortgage securitization transactions.
Re-securitizations
The Firm engages in certain re-securitization transactions in which debt securities are transferred to a VIE in exchange for new beneficial interests. These transfers occur in connection with both U.S. GSEs and government agency sponsored VIEs, which are backed by residential mortgages. The Firm’s consolidation analysis is largely dependent on the Firm’s role and interest in the re-securitization trusts.
The following table presents the principal amount of securities transferred to re-securitization VIEs.
Most re-securitizations with which the Firm is involved are client-driven transactions in which a specific client or group of clients is seeking a specific return or risk profile. For these transactions, the Firm has concluded that the decision-making power of the entity is shared between the Firm and its clients, considering the joint effort and decisions in establishing the re-securitization trust and its assets, as well as the significant economic interest the client holds in the re-securitization trust; therefore the Firm does not consolidate the re-securitization VIE.
The Firm did
no
t transfer any private label securities to re-securitization VIEs during 2024, 2023 and 2022, and retained interests in any such Firm-sponsored VIEs as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 were not material.
Additionally, the Firm may invest in beneficial interests of third-party-sponsored re-securitizations and generally purchases these interests in the secondary market. In these circumstances, the Firm does not have the unilateral ability to direct the most significant activities of the re-securitization trust, either because it was not involved in the initial design of the trust, or the Firm was involved with an independent third-party sponsor and demonstrated shared power over the creation of the trust; therefore, the Firm does not consolidate the re-securitization VIE.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
The following table presents information on the Firm's interests in nonconsolidated re-securitization VIEs.
As of December 31,