recorded in other income. Under certain circumstances, the Firm may be required to make a payment to the FDIC upon termination of the shared-loss agreements based on the level of actual losses and recoveries on the shared-loss assets. The estimated potential future payment is reflected as contingent consideration as part of the purchase price consideration.
Purchase Money Note and FHLB advances
The Purchase Money Note is recorded in long-term debt on the Consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the Purchase Money Note was estimated based on a discounted cash flow methodology and incorporated estimated market discount rates.
The FHLB advances assumed in the acquisition are recorded in short-term borrowings and in long-term debt. The fair values of the FHLB advances were based on a discounted cash flow methodology and considered the observed FHLB advance issuance rates.
Loans
The following table presents the unpaid principal balance ("UPB") and fair values of the loans acquired as of May 1, 2023, and reflects adjustments
made during the measurement period to the acquisition-date fair value of the loans acquired
.
Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
The following table presents certain unaudited pro forma financial information for the year ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022
as if the First Republic acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2022, including recognition of the estimated bargain purchase gain of
$
2.8
billion
and the provision for credit losses of
$
1.2
billion
. Additional adjustments include the interest on the Purchase Money Note and the impact of amortizing and accreting certain estimated fair value adjustments related to intangible assets, loans and lending-related commitments.
The Firm expects to achieve operating cost savings and other business synergies resulting from the acquisition that are not reflected in the pro forma amounts. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the historical results of operations had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2022, nor is it indicative of the results of operations in future periods.
Supplementary Information: Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders’ equity; interest rates and interest differentials
Consolidated average balance sheets, interest and rates
Provided below is a summary of JPMorganChase’s consolidated average balances, interest and rates on a taxable-equivalent basis for the years 2022 through 2024. Income computed on a taxable-equivalent basis is the income reported in the Consolidated statements
of income, adjusted to present interest income and rates earned on assets exempt from income taxes (i.e., federal taxes) on a basis comparable with other taxable investments. The incremental tax rate used for calculating the taxable-equivalent adjustment was approximately 24% in 2024, 2023 and 2022
.
(a)
Represents securities that are tax-exempt for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
(b)
Includes brokerage-related held-for-