results of operations (“MD&A”) of JPMorganChase for the year ended December 31, 2024. The MD&A is included in both JPMorganChase’s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2024 (“Annual Report”) and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (“2024 Form 10-K” or “Form 10-K”) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Refer to the Glossary of terms and acronyms on pages 327–333 for definitions of terms and acronyms used throughout the Annual Report and the 2024 Form 10-K.
This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorganChase’s management, speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Refer to Forward-looking Statements on page 167 and Part 1, Item 1A: Risk Factors in this Form 10-K on pages 10-37 for a discussion of certain of those risks and uncertainties and the factors that could cause JPMorganChase’s actual results to differ materially because of those risks and uncertainties. There is no assurance that actual results will be in line with any outlook information set forth herein, and the Firm does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America (“U.S.”), with operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.0 trillion in assets and $344.8 billion in stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2024. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers, predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally.
JPMorganChase’s principal bank subsidiary is JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”), a national banking association with U.S. branches in 48 states and Washington, D.C. JPMorganChase’s principal non-bank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“J.P. Morgan Securities”), a U.S. broker-dealer. The bank and non-bank subsidiaries of JPMorganChase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. The Firm’s principal operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan SE (“JPMSE”), which are subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and are based in the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) and Germany, respectively.
Business segments & Corporate:
Effective in the second quarter of 2024, the Firm reorganized its reportable business segments by combining the former Corporate & Investment Bank and Commercial Banking