retirement accounts (“IRAs”) under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (the “Fiduciary Rule”). Among the most significant impacts of the rule and related amendments to prohibited transaction exemptions would be the impact on the fee and compensation practices at financial institutions that offer investment recommendations to retirement clients, including in the context of rollovers from an employer plan to an IRA. The effective date of the Fiduciary Rule has been stayed by two federal courts. Refer to Litigation and regulatory challenges on pages 6-7 for further information.
Derivatives regulation:
The Firm is subject to comprehensive regulation of its derivatives businesses. In the U.S., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc are registered with the CFTC as “swap dealers”. In addition, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are registered with the SEC as “security-based swap dealers”. As a result, these entities are subject to a comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to their swap or security-based swap activities, including capital requirements, rules requiring the collateralization of uncleared swaps and security-based swaps, rules regarding segregation of counterparty collateral, business conduct and documentation standards, rules requiring the central clearing of standardized over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives, requirements that certain standardized OTC swaps be traded on regulated trading venues, record-keeping and reporting obligations, and anti-fraud and anti-manipulation requirements. Similar requirements have also been established in the European Union (“EU”) under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”) and the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID II”), as well as in the U.K. and other jurisdictions around the world.
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is also registered with the CFTC as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.
Data, privacy, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence regulation:
The Firm and its subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations globally concerning data, including data protection, consumer protection, privacy, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence and related
Part I
matters. These laws, rules and regulations are constantly evolving, subject to interpretation, remain a focus of regulators globally, may be enforced by private parties or government bodies, and continue to have a significant impact on all of the Firm’s businesses and operations.
For example, the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) mandates that the Firm’s financial services subsidiaries operating in the EU comply with requirements relating to information and communications technology (“ICT”) risk management, reporting, security control testing and ICT third party risks beginning in January 2025. In addition, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act regulates the development