events, and are therefore subject to the VIE consolidation framework; and (2) whether changes in the facts and circumstances regarding the Firm’s involvement with a VIE cause the Firm’s consolidation conclusion to change.
Refer to Note 14 for further discussion of Firm-sponsored VIEs.
Revenue recognition
Interest income
The Firm recognizes interest income on loans, debt securities, and other debt instruments, generally on a level-yield basis, based on the underlying contractual rate. Refer to Note 7 for further information.
Revenue from contracts with customers
JPMorganChase recognizes noninterest revenue from certain contracts with customers
,
in investment banking fees, deposit-related fees, asset management fees, commissions and other fees, and components of card income, when the Firm’s related performance obligations are satisfied. Refer to Note 6 for further discussion of the Firm’s revenue from contracts with customers.
Principal transactions revenue
JPMorganChase carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. Changes in fair value are reported primarily in principal transactions revenue. Refer to Notes 2 and 3 for further discussion of fair value measurement. Refer to Note 6 for further discussion of principal transactions revenue.
Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated financial statements
The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expense, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could be different from these estimates.
Foreign currency translation
JPMorganChase revalues assets, liabilities, revenue and expense denominated in non-U.S. currencies into U.S. dollars using applicable exchange rates.
Gains and losses relating to translating functional currency financial statements for U.S. reporting are included in the Consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Gains and losses relating to nonfunctional currency transactions, including non-U.S. operations where the functional currency is the U.S. dollar, are reported in the Consolidated statements of income.
Offsetting assets and liabilities
U.S. GAAP permits entities to present derivative receivables and derivative payables with the same counterparty and the related cash collateral receivables and payables on a net basis on the Consolidated balance sheets when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. U.S. GAAP also permits securities sold and purchased under repurchase agreements and securities borrowed or loaned under securities loan agreements to be presented net when specified conditions are met, including the existence of a legally enforceable master netting agreement. The Firm has elected to net such balances where it has determined that the specified conditions are met.
The Firm uses master netting agreements to mitigate counterparty credit risk in certain transactions,