certain cases, it is difficult to estimate the Firm’s maximum possible exposure under these membership agreements, since this would require an assessment of future claims that may be made against the Firm that have not yet occurred. However, based on historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to the Firm to be remote. Where the Firm’s maximum possible exposure can be estimated, the amount is disclosed in the table on page 303, in the Exchange & clearing house guarantees and commitments line.
Sponsored member repo program
The Firm acts as a sponsoring member to clear eligible overnight and term resale and repurchase agreements through the Government Securities Division of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (“FICC”) on behalf of clients that become sponsored members under the FICC’s rules. The Firm also guarantees to the FICC the prompt and full payment and performance of its sponsored member clients’ respective obligations under the FICC’s rules. The Firm minimizes its liability under these guarantees by obtaining a security interest in the cash or high-quality securities collateral that the clients place with the clearing house; therefore, the Firm expects the risk of loss to be remote. The Firm’s maximum possible exposure, without taking into consideration the associated collateral, is included in the Exchange & clearing house guarantees and commitments line on page 303. Refer to Note 11 for additional information on credit risk mitigation practices on resale agreements and the types of collateral pledged under repurchase agreements.
Guarantees of subsidiaries
In the normal course of business, the Parent Company may provide counterparties with guarantees of certain of the trading and other obligations of its subsidiaries on a contract-by-contract basis, as negotiated with the Firm’s counterparties. The obligations of the subsidiaries are included on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets or are reflected as off-balance sheet commitments; therefore, the Parent Company has not recognized a separate liability for these guarantees. The Firm believes that the occurrence of any event that would trigger payments by the Parent Company under these guarantees is remote.
The Parent Company has guaranteed certain long-term debt and structured notes of its subsidiaries, including JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC (“JPMFC”), a
100
%-owned finance subsidiary. All securities issued by JPMFC are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent Company and no other subsidiary of the Parent Company guarantees these securities. These guarantees, which rank pari passu with the Firm’s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, are not included in the table on page 303 of this Note. Refer to Note 20 for additional information.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 29 –
Pledged assets and collateral
Pledged assets
The Firm pledges financial assets that it owns to maintain potential borrowing capacity at discount windows with Federal