marketable securities
with a fair value of approximately $635 billion, resulting in approximately $1.5 trillion of liquidity sources. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 40-46 for additional information.
6
Business segment highlights
Selected business metrics for each of the Firm’s lines of business ("LOB") are presented below for the first quarter of 2025.
(a)
Excludes Commercial Card.
(b)
Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days.
(c)
On January 1, 2025, $5.6 billion of loans were realigned from Global Corporate Banking to Fixed Income Markets.
(d)
Represents client deposits and other third-party liabilities pertaining to the Payments and Securities Services businesses.
Refer to the Business Segment & Corporate Results on pages 17-31 for a detailed discussion of results by business segment.
Credit provided and capital raised
JPMorganChase continues to support consumers, businesses and communities around the globe. The Firm provided new and renewed credit and raised capital for wholesale and consumer clients during the first three months of 2025, consisting of approximately:
(a)
Includes Individuals and Individual Entities primarily consisting of Global Private Bank clients within AWM.
(b)
Includes states, municipalities, hospitals and universities.
7
Outlook
These current expectations are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorganChase’s management, speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Refer to Forward-Looking Statements on page 77
of this Form 10-Q and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors on pages 10–37 of the 2024 Form 10-K for a further discussion of certain of those risks and uncertainties and the other factors that could cause JPMorganChase’s actual results to differ materially because of those risks and uncertainties. There is no assurance that actual results in 2025 will be in line with the outlook information set forth below, and the Firm does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
JPMorganChase’s current outlook for full-year 2025 should be viewed against the backdrop of the global and U.S. economies,
financial markets activity, the geopolitical environment, the competitive environment, client and customer activity levels, and regulatory and legislative developments in the U.S. and other countries where the Firm does business. Each of these factors will affect the performance of the Firm. The Firm will continue to make appropriate adjustments to its businesses and operations in response to ongoing developments in the business, economic, regulatory and legal environments in which it operates.
Full-year 2025
•
Management expects net interest income to be approximately $94.5 billion and net interest income excluding Markets to be approximately $90.0 billion, market dependent.