offs/recoveries, which are defined as gross charge-offs less recoveries, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. The amounts in the table below do not include gains or losses from sales of nonaccrual loans recognized in noninterest revenue.
The following table presents net charge-offs/recoveries, average retained loans and net charge-off/recovery rate by loan class for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
58
Lending-related commitments
The Firm uses lending-related financial instruments, such as commitments (including revolving credit facilities) and guarantees, to address the financing needs of its clients. The contractual amounts of these financial instruments represent the maximum possible credit risk should the clients draw down on these commitments or when the Firm fulfills its obligations under these guarantees, and the clients subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of these contracts. Most of these commitments and guarantees have historically been refinanced, extended, cancelled, or expired without being drawn upon or a default occurring. As a result, the Firm does not believe that the total contractual amount of these wholesale lending-related commitments is representative of the Firm’s expected future credit exposure or funding requirements. Refer to Note 22 for further information on wholesale lending-related commitments.
Receivables from customers
Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM that are collateralized by assets maintained in the clients’ brokerage accounts (including cash on deposit, and primarily liquid and readily marketable debt or equity securities). To manage its credit risk, the Firm establishes margin requirements and monitors the required margin levels on an ongoing basis, and requires clients to deposit additional cash or other collateral, or to reduce positions, when appropriate. Credit risk arising from lending activities subject to collateral maintenance requirements is generally mitigated by factors such as the short-term nature of the activity, the fair value of collateral held and the Firm’s right to call for, and the borrower’s obligation to provide, additional margin when the fair value of the collateral declines. Because of these mitigating factors, these receivables generally do not require an allowance for credit losses. However, if in management’s judgment, an allowance for credit losses is required, the Firm estimates expected credit losses based on the value of the collateral and probability of borrower default. These receivables are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets.
Refer to Note 13 of JPMorganChase's 2024 Form 10-K for further information on the Firm’s accounting policies for the allowance for credit losses.
Derivative contracts
Derivatives enable clients and counterparties to manage risk, including credit risk and risks arising from