consumer businesses and derivatives counterparty exposures in its wholesale businesses, and to manage the credit risk arising from certain financial instruments in the Firm’s market-making businesses. Following is a summary of various types of credit derivatives.
Credit default swaps
Credit derivatives may reference the credit of either a single reference entity (“single-name”), broad-based index or portfolio. The Firm purchases and sells protection on both single- name and index-reference obligations. Single-name CDS and index CDS contracts are either OTC or OTC-cleared derivative contracts. Single-name CDS are used to manage the default risk of a single reference entity, while index CDS contracts are used to manage the credit risk associated with the broader credit markets or credit market segments. Like the S&P 500 and other market indices, a CDS index consists of a portfolio of CDS across many reference entities. New series of CDS indices are periodically established with a new underlying portfolio of reference entities to reflect changes in the credit markets. If one of the reference entities in the index experiences a credit event, then the reference entity that defaulted is removed from the index. CDS can also be referenced against specific portfolios of reference names or against customized exposure levels: for example, to provide protection against the first $
1
million of realized credit losses in a
$
10
million portfolio of exposure. Such structures are commonly known as tranche CDS.
For both single-name CDS contracts and index CDS contracts, upon the occurrence of a credit event, under the terms of a CDS contract neither party to the CDS contract has recourse to the reference entity. The protection purchaser has recourse to the protection seller for the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value of the reference obligation at settlement of the credit derivative contract, also known as the recovery value. The protection purchaser does not need to hold the debt instrument of the underlying reference entity in order to receive amounts due under the CDS contract when a credit event occurs.
Credit-related notes
A credit-related note is a funded derivative with a credit risk component where the issuer of the credit-related note purchases from the note investor credit protection on a reference entity or an index. Under the contract, the investor pays the issuer the par value of the note at the inception of the transaction, and in return, the issuer makes periodic payments to the investor, based on the credit risk of the referenced entity. The issuer also repays the investor the par value of the note at maturity unless the reference entity (or one of the entities that makes up a reference index) experiences a specified credit event. If a credit event occurs, the issuer is not obligated to repay the par value of the note, but rather, the issuer pays the investor the difference between the par value of the note and