that the value of underlying securities advanced exceeds the value of the initial cash principal received, and any collateral amounts exchanged.
Additionally, the Firm typically enters into master netting agreements and other similar arrangements with its counterparties, which provide for the right to liquidate the underlying securities and any collateral amounts exchanged in the event of a counterparty default. It is also the Firm’s policy to take possession, where possible, of the securities underlying resale and securities borrowed agreements. Refer to Note 29 for further information regarding assets pledged and collateral received in securities financing agreements.
The table below summarizes the gross and net amounts of the Firm’s securities financing agreements, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
When the Firm has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to a master netting agreement with a counterparty and where other relevant netting criteria under U.S. GAAP are met, the Firm nets, on the Consolidated balance sheets, the balances outstanding under its securities financing agreements with the same counterparty. In addition, the Firm exchanges securities and/or cash collateral with its counterparty to reduce the economic exposure with the counterparty, but such collateral is not eligible for net Consolidated balance sheet presentation. Where the Firm has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the counterparty master netting agreement, such
collateral, along with securities financing balances that do not meet all these relevant netting criteria under U.S. GAAP, is presented in the table below as “Amounts not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets,” and reduces the “Net amounts” presented. Where a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained, the securities financing balances are presented gross in the “Net amounts” below. In transactions where the Firm is acting as the lender in a securities-for-securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged or sold as collateral, the Firm recognizes the securities received at fair value within other assets and the obligation to return those securities within accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
(a)
Includes securities-for-securities lending agreements of $
5.9
billion and $
5.6
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, accounted for at fair value, where the Firm is acting as lender.
(b)
In some cases, collateral exchanged with a counterparty exceeds the net asset or liability balance with that counterparty. In such cases, the amounts reported in this column are limited to the related net asset or liability with that counterparty.
(c)
Includes securities financing agreements that provide collateral rights, but where an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement has not been either sought or obtained. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, included $
8.7
billion and $
7.1