and 2022, lending-related commitments excluded $
19.2
billion, $
17.2
billion and $
13.1
billion, respectively, for the consumer, excluding credit card portfolio segment; $
1.0
trillion, $
915.7
billion and $
821.3
billion, respectively, for the credit card portfolio segment; and $
20.5
billion,  $
19.7
billion and $
9.8
billion, respectively, for the wholesale portfolio segment, which were not subject to the allowance for lending-related commitments.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Discussion of changes in the allowance
The allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2024 was $
26.9
billion, reflecting a net addition of $
2.1
billion from December 31, 2023.
The net addition to the allowance for credit losses included:
•
$
2.1
billion in
consumer
, reflecting:
–
a $
2.2
billion net addition in Card Services, predominantly driven by loan growth, reflecting higher revolving balances, including the seasoning of vintages originated in recent years,
partially offset by
–
a $
125
million net reduction in Home Lending in the first quarter of 2024, and
•
a net reduction of $
30
million in
wholesale
, reflecting:
–
changes in certain macroeconomic variables, an update to loss assumptions on certain loans in Markets, and a reduction due to charge-offs largely from collateral-dependent loans,
predominantly offset by
–
net downgrade activity, primarily in Real Estate, and the impact of incorporating the First Republic portfolio into the Firm’s modeled credit loss estimates in the second quarter of 2024.
The Firm’s qualitative adjustments continued to include additional weight placed on the adverse scenarios to reflect ongoing uncertainties and downside risks related to the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment.
The Firm's allowance for credit losses is estimated using a weighted average of five internally developed macroeconomic scenarios. The adverse scenarios incorporate more punitive macroeconomic factors than the central case assumptions provided in the table below, resulting in:
•
a weighted average U.S. unemployment rate peaking at 5.5% in the fourth quarter of 2025, and
•
a weighted average U.S. real GDP level that is 1.9% lower than the central case at the end of the second quarter of 2026.
The following table presents the Firm’s central case assumptions for the periods presented:
(a)
Reflects quarterly average of forecasted U.S. unemployment rate.
(b)
The year over year growth in U.S. real GDP in the forecast horizon of the central scenario is calculated as the percentage change in U.S. real GDP levels from the prior year.
Subsequent changes to this forecast and related estimates will be reflected in the provision for credit losses in future periods.
Refer to Note 12 for additional information on the consumer and wholesale credit portfolios.
Refer to Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on pages 161–164 for further information on the allowance for credit losses and related management judgments.
Note 14 –
Variable