indemnifications, certain indemnification agreements included within third-party contractual arrangements, certain derivative contracts and the guarantees under the sponsored member repo program.
As required by U.S. GAAP, the Firm initially records guarantees at the inception date fair value of the non-contingent obligation assumed (e.g., the amount of consideration received or the net present value of the premium receivable). For these obligations, the Firm records this fair value amount in other liabilities with an offsetting entry recorded in cash (for premiums received), or other assets (for premiums receivable). Any premium receivable recorded in other assets is
reduced as cash is received under the contract, and the fair value of the liability recorded at inception is amortized into income as lending and deposit-related fees over the life of the guarantee contract. The lending-related contingent obligation is recognized based on expected credit losses in addition to, and separate from, any non-contingent obligation.
Non-lending-related contingent obligations are recognized when the liability becomes probable and reasonably estimable. These obligations are not recognized if the estimated amount is less than the carrying amount of any non-contingent liability recognized at inception (adjusted for any amortization). Examples of non-lending-related contingent obligations include indemnifications provided in sales agreements, where a portion of the sale proceeds is allocated to the guarantee, which adjusts the gain or loss that would otherwise result from the transaction. For these indemnifications, the initial liability is amortized to income as the Firm’s risk is reduced (i.e., over time or when the indemnification expires).
The contractual amount and carrying value of guarantees and indemnifications are included in the table on page 303.
For additional information on the guarantees, see below.
Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees
Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees are conditional lending commitments issued by the Firm to guarantee the performance of a client or customer to a third party under certain arrangements, such as commercial paper facilities, bond financings, acquisition financings, trade financings and similar transactions.
The following table summarizes the contractual amount and carrying value of standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees and other letters of credit arrangements as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Standby letters of credit, other financial guarantees and other letters of credit
(a)
The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal risk ratings. Refer to Note 12 for further information on internal risk ratings.
Securities lending indemnifications
Through the Firm’s securities lending program, counterparties’ securities, via custodial and non-custodial arrangements, may be lent to third parties. As part of this program, the Firm provides an indemnification in the