Firm's internal model governance, the credit risk component of CVA related to certain counterparties was removed from Credit Portfolio VaR due to the widening of the credit spreads for those counterparties to elevated levels. The related hedges were also removed to maintain consistency. This exposure is now reflected in other sensitivity-based measures.
(d)
In the second quarter of 2024, the presentation of Corporate and other LOB VaR was updated to disaggregate AWM VaR due to the increase associated with credit protection purchased against certain retained loans and lending-related commitments. The VaR does not include the retained loan portfolio, which is not reported at fair value.
(e)
Includes a legacy private equity position which is publicly traded, as well as Visa C shares which the Firm disposed of in the second and third quarters of 2024. The impact of Visa C shares resulted in elevated average and maximum Corporate VaR, Other VaR and Total VaR. Refer to Executive Overview on pages 54–58 for additional information.
2024 compared with 2023
Average Total VaR increased by $4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 when compared with the prior year. The increase was predominantly driven by the impact of the Firm’s receipt of Visa C shares on Corporate VaR and increases associated with credit
protection purchased against certain retained loans and lending-related commitments within Credit Portfolio VaR and AWM VaR, largely offset by market volatility rolling out of the one-year historical look-back period impacting the Fixed income risk type.
The following graph presents daily Risk Management VaR for the four trailing quarters. The increase in VaR and subsequent decline observed in the second quarter of 2024 was primarily driven by changes in Visa C share exposure in the Firm's Corporate VaR.
Daily Risk Management VaR
VaR backtesting
The Firm performs daily VaR model backtesting, which compares the daily Risk Management VaR results with the daily gains and losses that are utilized for VaR backtesting purposes. The gains and losses depicted in the chart below do not reflect the Firm’s reported revenue as they exclude certain components of total net revenue, such as those associated with the execution of new transactions (i.e., intraday client-driven trading and intraday risk management activities), fees, commissions, other valuation adjustments and net interest income. These excluded components of total net revenue may more than offset the backtesting gain or loss on a particular day. The definition of backtesting gains and losses above is consistent with the requirements for backtesting under Basel III capital rules.
A backtesting exception occurs when the daily backtesting loss exceeds the daily Risk Management VaR for the prior day. Under the Firm’s Risk Management VaR methodology, assuming current changes in market values are consistent with the historical changes used in the simulation, the Firm would expect to incur VaR backtesting