instruments, by contract type, used in fair value hedge accounting relationships, as well as pre-tax gains/(losses) recorded on such derivatives and the related hedged items for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Firm includes gains/(losses) on the hedging derivative in the same line item in the Consolidated statements of income as the related hedged item.
(a)
Primarily consists of hedges of the benchmark (e.g., Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”)) interest rate risk of fixed-rate long-term debt and AFS securities. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income.
(b)
Includes the amortization of income/expense associated with the inception hedge accounting adjustment applied to the hedged item. Excludes the accrual of interest on interest rate swaps and the related hedged items.
(c)
Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of long-term debt and AFS securities for changes in spot foreign currency rates. Gains and losses related to the derivatives and the hedged items due to changes in foreign currency rates and the income statement impact of excluded components were recorded primarily in principal transactions revenue and net interest income.
(d)
Consists of overall fair value hedges of physical commodities inventories that are generally carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value (net realizable value approximates fair value). Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue.
(e)
The assessment of hedge effectiveness excludes certain components of the changes in fair values of the derivatives and hedged items such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts, time values and cross-currency basis spreads. Excluded components may impact earnings either through amortization of the initial amount over the life of the derivative, or through fair value changes recognized in the current period.
(f)
Represents the change in value of amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness under the amortization approach, predominantly cross-currency basis spreads. The amount excluded at inception of the hedge is recognized in earnings over the life of the derivative.
106
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets related to certain cumulative fair value hedge basis adjustments that are expected to reverse through the income statement in future periods as an adjustment to yield.
(a)
Excludes physical commodities with a carrying value of $
8.2
billion and $
6.2
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, to which the Firm applies fair value hedge accounting. As a result of the application of hedge accounting, these inventories are carried at fair value, thus recognizing unrealized gains and losses in current periods. Since the Firm exits these positions at fair value, there is no incremental impact to net income in future periods.
(b)
Excludes hedged items where only foreign