described above and after taking into account its current litigation reserves and its estimated aggregate range of possible losses, that the other legal proceedings currently pending against it should not
166
have a material adverse effect on the Firm’s consolidated financial condition. The Firm notes, however, that in light of the uncertainties involved in such proceedings, there is no assurance that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the reserves it has currently accrued or that a matter will not have material reputational consequences. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter may be material to JPMorganChase’s operating results for a particular period, depending on, among other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of JPMorganChase’s income for that period.
167
Note 25 –
Business segments & Corporate
The Firm is managed on an LOB basis. There are
three
reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial & Investment Bank, and Asset & Wealth Management – with the remaining activities in Corporate.
The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is evaluated by the Firm’s Operating Committee, whose members act collectively as the Firm’s chief operating decision maker. Segment results are presented on a managed basis. Refer to JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 67 for a definition of managed basis and Note 32 for a further discussion of the Firm’s business segments.
Description of business segment reporting methodology
Results of the reportable business segments are intended to present each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives business segment results includes the allocation of certain income and expense items. The Firm periodically assesses the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, and therefore further refinements may be implemented in future periods. The Firm also assesses the level of capital required for each LOB on at least an annual basis. The Firm’s LOBs also provide various business metrics which are utilized by the Firm and its investors and analysts in assessing performance.
Revenue sharing
When business segments or businesses within each segment join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm’s clients and customers, the participating businesses may agree to share revenue from those transactions. Revenue is generally recognized in the segment responsible for the related product or service, with allocations to the other segments or businesses involved in the transaction. The segment and business results reflect these revenue-sharing agreements.
Funds transfer pricing
Funds transfer pricing (“FTP”) is the process by which the Firm