ratings). Refer to Note 9 for further information on the Firm’s investment securities portfolio and internal risk ratings.
Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 40-46 for further information on liquidity and funding risk. Refer to Market Risk Management on pages 65-70 for information on interest rate and foreign exchange risks.
(a)
As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, the allowance for credit losses on investment securities was $85 million and $120 million, respectively.
31
Risk is an inherent part of JPMorganChase’s business activities. When the Firm extends a consumer or wholesale loan, advises customers and clients on their investment decisions, makes markets in securities, or offers other products or services, the Firm takes on some degree of risk. The Firm’s overall objective is to manage its business, and the associated risks, in a manner that balances serving the interests of its clients, customers and investors, and protecting the safety and soundness of the Firm.
The Firm believes that effective risk management requires, among other things:
•
Acceptance of responsibility, including identification and escalation of risks by all individuals within the Firm;
•
Ownership of risk identification, assessment, data and management within each of the LOBs and Corporate; and
•
A Firmwide risk governance and oversight structure.
The Firm follows a disciplined and balanced compensation framework with strong internal governance and independent oversight by the Board of Directors (the “Board”). The impact of risk and control issues is carefully considered in the Firm’s performance evaluation and incentive compensation processes.
Risk governance framework
The Firm’s risk governance framework involves understanding drivers of risks, types of risks, and impacts of risks.
Refer to pages 91–95 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a further discussion of Firmwide risk management governance and oversight.
Risk governance and oversight functions
The following sections of this Form 10-Q and the 2024 Form 10-K discuss the risk governance and oversight functions in place to oversee the risks inherent in the Firm’s business activities.
32
Capital risk is the risk that the Firm has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support the Firm’s business activities and associated risks during normal economic environments and under stressed conditions.
Refer to pages 97–107 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K, Note 21 of this Form 10-Q and the Firm’s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website, for a further discussion of the Firm’s capital risk management.
Basel III Overview
The capital rules under Basel III establish minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards for large and internationally active U.S. Bank Holding Companies (“BHCs”) and banks, including the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The minimum amount of regulatory capital that must be held by BHCs and banks is determined by calculating