months ended March 31, 2024, reflecting the net impact of:
•
an increase in CIB due to net inflows related to client-driven activities in Payments and Securities Services, partially offset by net maturities of structured notes in Markets,
•
an increase in AWM as a result of growth in balances in new and existing client accounts, reflecting the impact of higher-yielding product offerings, and
•
a decline in CCB primarily driven by a decrease in balances in existing accounts due to migration into higher-yielding investments and increased customer spending, predominantly offset by new accounts.
Period-end deposits
increased
from December 31, 2024, reflecting the impact of:
•
an increase in CIB
predominantly due to net inflows related to client-driven activities in Securities Services and Payments,
•
an increase in CCB primarily driven by new accounts,
and
•
an increase in AWM as a result of growth in balances in new and existing client accounts, reflecting the impact of higher-yielding product offerings, predominantly offset by continued migration into other investments.
Refer to the Firm’s Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis and the Business Segment & Corporate Results on pages 12-13 and pages 17-31, respectively, for further information on deposit and liability balance trends. Refer to Note 3 for further information on structured notes.
Certain deposits are covered by insurance protection that provides additional funding stability and results in a benefit to the LCR. Deposit insurance protection may
42
be available to depositors in the countries in which the deposits are placed. For example, the FDIC provides deposit insurance protection for deposits placed in a U.S. depository institution.
R
efer to pages 111–112 of JPMorganChase's 2024 Form 10-K for additional information on the Firm's total uninsured deposits.
The table below presents an estimate of uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. time deposits, and their remaining maturities. The Firm’s estimates of its uninsured U.S. time deposits are based on data that the Firm calculates periodically under applicable FDIC regulations. For purposes of this presentation, all non-U.S. time deposits are deemed to be uninsured.
The table below shows the loan and deposit balances, the loans-to-deposits ratios, and deposits as a percentage of total liabilities, as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
The following table provides a summary of the average balances and average interest rates of JPMorganChase’s deposits for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(a)
Includes Negotiable Order of Withdrawal accounts, and certain trust accounts.
(b)
Includes Money Market Deposit Accounts.
Refer to Note 15 for additional information on deposits.
43
The following table summarizes short-term and long-term funding, excluding deposits, as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and average balances for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Refer to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on