amortized cost on the date of transfer. These loans are subsequently assessed for impairment based on the Firm’s allowance methodology. Refer to Note 13 for a further discussion of the methodologies used in establishing the Firm’s allowance for loan losses.
Loan modifications
The Firm seeks to modify certain loans in conjunction with its loss mitigation activities. Through the modification, JPMorganChase grants one or more concessions to a borrower who is experiencing financial difficulty in order to minimize the Firm’s economic loss and avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral, and to ultimately maximize payments received by the Firm from the borrower. The concessions granted vary by program and by borrower-specific characteristics, and may include interest rate reductions, term extensions, other-than-insignificant payment delays or principal forgiveness.
Loans, except for credit card loans, reported as FDMs are generally placed on nonaccrual status, although in many cases such loans were already on nonaccrual status prior to modification. These loans may be returned to performing status (the accrual of interest is resumed) if the following criteria are met: (i) the borrower has performed under the modified terms for a minimum of
six months
and/or
six
payments, and (ii) the Firm has an expectation that repayment of the modified loan is reasonably assured based on, for example, the borrower’s debt capacity and level of future earnings, collateral values, LTV ratios, and other current market considerations. In certain limited and well-defined circumstances in which the loan is current at the modification date, such loans are not placed on nonaccrual status at the time of modification.
The allowance for credit losses associated with FDMs is measured using the Firm’s established allowance methodology, which considers the expected default rates for the modified loans. Refer to Note 13 for further discussion.
Foreclosed
property
The Firm acquires property from borrowers through loan restructurings, workouts, and foreclosures. Property acquired may include real property (e.g., residential real estate, land, and buildings) and other commercial and personal property (e.g., automobiles, aircraft, railcars, and ships).
The Firm recognizes foreclosed property upon receiving assets in satisfaction of a loan (e.g., by taking legal title or physical possession). For loans collateralized by real property, the Firm generally recognizes the asset received at foreclosure sale or upon the execution of a deed in lieu of foreclosure transaction with the borrower. Foreclosed assets are reported in other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets and initially recognized at fair value less estimated costs to sell. Each quarter the fair value of the acquired property is reviewed and adjusted, if necessary, to the lower of cost or fair value. Subsequent adjustments to fair value are charged/credited to noninterest revenue. Operating expense, such as real estate