judgment and analytics to inform any adjustments that the Firm may make to model outputs than would otherwise be the case. In addition, the Firm may experience increased uncertainty in its estimates if assets acquired differ from those used to develop the models.
Refer to Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on pages 161–164 and Note 2 for a summary of model-based valuations and other valuation techniques.
JPMorganChase’s accounting policies and use of estimates are integral to understanding its reported results. The Firm’s most complex accounting estimates require management’s judgment to ascertain the appropriate carrying value of assets and liabilities. The Firm has established policies and control procedures intended to ensure that estimation methods, including any judgments made as part of such methods, are well-controlled, independently reviewed and applied consistently from period to period. The methods used and judgments made reflect, among other factors, the nature of the assets or liabilities and the related business and risk management strategies, which may vary across the Firm’s businesses and portfolios. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. The Firm believes its estimates for determining the carrying value of its assets and liabilities are appropriate. The following is a brief description of the Firm’s critical accounting estimates involving significant judgments.
Allowance for credit losses
The Firm’s allowance for credit losses represents management’s estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Firm’s financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. The allowance for credit losses generally comprises:
•
The allowance for loan losses, which covers the Firm’s retained loan portfolios (scored and risk-rated),
•
The allowance for lending-related commitments, and
•
The allowance for credit losses on investment securities.
The allowance for credit losses involves significant judgment on a number of matters including development and weighting of macroeconomic forecasts, incorporation of historical loss experience, assessment of risk characteristics, assignment of risk ratings, valuation of collateral, and the determination of remaining expected life. Refer to Note 10 and Note 13 for further information on these judgments as well as the Firm’s policies and methodologies used to determine the Firm’s allowance for credit losses.
One of the most significant judgments involved in estimating the Firm’s allowance for credit losses relates to the macroeconomic forecasts used to estimate credit losses over the eight-quarter forecast period within the Firm’s methodology. The eight-quarter forecast incorporates hundreds of macroeconomic variables (“MEVs”) that are relevant for exposures across the Firm, with modeled credit
losses being driven primarily