pages 12-13 and Note 10 for additional information.
Sources of funds (excluding deposits)
(a)
Primarily consists of short-term securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase.
(b)
Included in beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets.
(c)
Includes certain TLAC-eligible long-term unsecured debt issued by the Parent Company.
(d)
Reflects the Purchase Money Note associated with the First Republic acquisition. Refer to Note 34 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information.
(e)
Includes long-term structured notes that are secured.
(f)
Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 33-39 and Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity on page 81 of this Form 10-Q, and Note 21 and Note 22 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information on preferred stock and common stockholders’ equity.
Short-term funding
The Firm’s primary source of short-term secured funding is securities sold under agreements to repurchase. These instruments are secured predominantly by high-quality securities collateral, including government-issued debt and U.S. GSE and government agency MBS. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase increased at March 31, 2025, compared with December 31, 2024, driven by Markets, reflecting higher client-driven market-making activities, higher secured financing of trading assets and the impact of lower levels of netting, as well as when compared with seasonally lower levels at year-end.
The increase in secured other borrowed funds at March 31, 2025 from December 31, 2024 and for the average three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the prior year period, was due to higher financing requirements in Markets.
The balances associated with securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase fluctuate over time due to investment and financing activities of clients, the Firm’s demand for financing, the ongoing management of the mix of the Firm’s liabilities, including its secured and unsecured financing (for both the investment securities and market-making portfolios), and other market and portfolio factors.
The Firm’s primary sources of short-term unsecured funding consist of issuances of wholesale commercial paper and other borrowed funds.
The decrease in commercial paper at March 31, 2025 from December 31, 2024 was primarily driven by strategic short-term liquidity management.
The increase in unsecured other borrowed funds for the average three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the prior year period, was primarily driven by net issuances of structured notes in Markets.
44
Long-term funding
Long-term funding provides an additional source of stable funding and liquidity for the Firm. The Firm’s long-term funding plan is driven primarily by expected client activity, liquidity considerations and regulatory requirements, including TLAC. Long-term funding objectives include maintaining diversification, maximizing market