an allowance for credit losses through the provision for credit losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income, limited by the amount of impairment. Any impairment on debt securities that the Firm has the intent and ability to hold not due to credit losses is recorded in OCI.
Factors considered in evaluating credit losses include adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a security; and payment structure of the security.
When assessing securities issued in a securitization for credit losses, the Firm estimates cash flows considering relevant market and economic data, underlying loan-level data, and structural features of the securitization, such as subordination, excess spread, overcollateralization or other forms of credit enhancement, and compares the losses projected for the underlying collateral (“pool losses”) against the level of credit enhancement in the securitization structure to determine whether these features are sufficient to absorb the pool losses, or whether a credit loss exists.
For beneficial interests in securitizations that are rated below “AA” at their acquisition, or that can be contractually prepaid or otherwise settled in such a way that the Firm would not recover substantially all of its recorded investment, the Firm evaluates impairment for credit losses when there is an adverse change in expected cash flows.
HTM securities – credit risk
Allowance for credit losses
The allowance for credit losses on HTM securities represents expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the securities.
The allowance for credit losses on HTM obligations of U.S. states and municipalities and commercial mortgage-backed securities is calculated by applying statistical credit loss factors (estimated PD and LGD)
to the amortized cost. The credit loss factors are derived using a weighted average of five internally developed eight-quarter macroeconomic scenarios, followed by a single year straight-line interpolation to revert to long run historical information for periods beyond the forecast period. Refer to Note 13 for further information on the eight-quarter macroeconomic forecast.
The allowance for credit losses on HTM collateralized loan obligations and U.S. residential mortgage-backed securities is calculated as the difference between the amortized cost and the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the security’s effective interest rate. These cash flow estimates are developed based on expectations of underlying collateral performance derived using the eight-quarter macroeconomic forecast and the single year straight-line interpolation, as well as considering the structural features of the security.
The application of different inputs and assumptions into the calculation of the allowance for credit losses is subject to significant management judgment, and emphasizing one input or assumption over