that were reclassified to held-for-sale and sold in a subsequent period are excluded from the sales line of this table.
(a)
Reclassifications of loans to held-for-sale are non-cash transactions.
(b)
Includes purchases of residential real estate loans, including the Firm’s voluntary repurchases of certain delinquent loans from loan pools as permitted by Government National Mortgage Association (“Ginnie Mae”) guidelines for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. The Firm typically elects to repurchase these delinquent loans as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with applicable requirements of Ginnie Mae, FHA, RHS, and/or VA.
(c)
Excludes purchases of retained loans of $
216
million and $
204
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which are predominantly sourced through the correspondent origination channel and underwritten in accordance with the Firm’s standards.
Gains and losses on sales of loans
The following table provides information on the net gains/(losses) on sales of loans and lending-related commitments (including adjustments to record loans and lending-related commitments held-for-sale at the lower of cost or fair value), which were recognized in noninterest revenue. In addition, the sale of loans may also result in write downs, recoveries or changes in the allowance recognized in the provision for credit losses.
(a)
Includes $(
70
) million and $
66
million related to loans for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
124
Consumer, excluding credit card loan portfolio
Consumer loans, excluding credit card loans, consist primarily of scored residential mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, auto and business banking loans, with a focus on serving the prime consumer credit market. These loans include home equity loans secured by junior liens, prime mortgage loans with an interest-only payment period, and certain payment-option loans that may result in negative amortization.
The following table provides information about retained consumer loans, excluding credit card, by class.
Delinquency rates are the primary credit quality indicator for consumer loans. Refer to Note 12 of JPMorganChase's 2024 Form 10-K for further information on consumer credit quality indicators.
125
Residential real estate
Delinquency is the primary credit quality indicator for retained residential real estate loans.
The following tables provide information on delinquency and gross charge-offs.
(a)
Individual delinquency classifications include mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies which were not material at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(b)
Excludes mortgage loans that are 30 or more days past due insured by U.S. government agencies which were not material at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee.
(c)
Purchased loans are included in the year in which they were