December 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying values of retained interest-only residential mortgage loans were $88.9 billion and $90.6 billion, respectively. These loans have an interest-only payment period generally followed by an adjustable-rate or fixed-rate fully amortizing payment period to maturity and are typically originated as higher-balance loans to higher-income borrowers. The credit performance of this portfolio is comparable to the performance of the broader prime mortgage portfolio.
The carrying value of retained home equity lines of credit outstanding was $14.5 billion at December 31, 2024, including $3.8 billion of HELOCs that have recast from interest-only to fully amortizing payments or have been modified, and $3.6 billion of interest-only balloon HELOCs, which primarily mature after 2030. The Firm manages the risk of HELOCs during their revolving period by reducing or canceling the undrawn line in accordance with the contract or to the extent otherwise permitted by law, including when there has been a demonstrable decline in the creditworthiness of the borrower or significant decrease in the value of the underlying property.
The following table provides a summary of the Firm’s
residential mortgage portfolio insured and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, predominantly loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value. The Firm monitors its exposure to certain potential unrecoverable claim payments related to government-insured loans and considers this exposure in estimating the allowance for loan losses.
Geographic composition and current estimated loan-to-value ratio of residential real estate loans
At December 31, 2024, $217.7 billion, or 70% of the total retained residential real estate loan portfolio, was concentrated in California, New York, Florida, Texas and Massachusetts, compared to $228.4 billion, or 70% at December 31, 2023.
Average current estimated loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratios have improved, reflecting an increase in home prices.
Refer to Note 12 for information on the geographic composition and current estimated LTVs of the Firm’s residential real estate loans.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Auto and other
:
The auto and other loan portfolio, including loans at fair value, generally consists of prime-quality scored auto and business banking loans, other consumer unsecured loans, and overdrafts. The portfolio decreased when compared to December 31, 2023, predominantly due to loan securitizations. Net charge-offs increased compared to the prior year, predominantly due to net charge-offs of scored auto loans of $445 million compared to $357 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, reflecting a decline in used vehicle valuations. Refer to Note 14 for further information on securitization activity.
Nonperforming assets
The following table presents information as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, about consumer, excluding credit card, nonperforming assets.
(a)
Excludes mortgage loans past due and insured by U.S.