common share repurchase program.
The Board of Directors’ authorization to repurchase common shares is utilized at management’s discretion. The $30 billion common share repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors does not establish specific price targets or timetables. Management determines the amount and timing of common share repurchases based on various factors, including market conditions; legal and regulatory considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm’s capital position (taking into account goodwill and intangibles); organic capital generation; current and proposed future capital requirements; and other investment opportunities. The amount of common shares that the Firm repurchases in any period may be substantially more or less than the amounts estimated or actually repurchased in prior periods, reflecting the dynamic nature of the decision-making process. The Firm’s common share repurchases may be suspended by management at any time; and may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or utilizing Rule 10b5-1 plans, which are written trading plans that the Firm may enter into from time to time under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and which allow the Firm to repurchase its common shares during periods when it may otherwise not be repurchasing common shares — for example, during internal trading blackout periods.
Refer to capital planning and stress testing on pages 97–98 for additional information.
Refer to Part II, Item 5: Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities on page 39
of this
2024
Form 10-K
for additional information regarding repurchases of the Firm’s equity securities.
Preferred stock
Preferred stock dividends were $1.3 billion, $1.5 billion, and $1.6 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
During the year ended and subsequent to December 31, 2024, the Firm issued and redeemed certain series of non-cumulative preferred stock. Refer to Note 21 for additional information on the Firm’s preferred stock, including the issuance and redemption of preferred stock.
Subordinated Debt
Refer to Long-term funding on page 114 and Note 20 for additional information on the Firm’s subordinated debt.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Other capital requirements
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity
The Federal Reserve’s TLAC rule requires the U.S. GSIB top-tier holding companies, including the Firm, to maintain minimum levels of external TLAC and eligible long-term debt.
The external TLAC requirements and the minimum level of eligible long-term debt requirements are shown below:
(a)
RWA is the greater of Standardized and Advanced compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements.
Failure to maintain TLAC equal to or in excess of the regulatory minimum plus applicable buffers will result in limitations on the amount of capital that the