than the amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules, the Firm is not obligated under any agreement to purchase the commercial paper issued by the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits.
Deal-specific liquidity facilities, program-wide liquidity and credit enhancement provided by the Firm have been eliminated in consolidation. The Firm or the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits provide lending-related commitments to certain clients of the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits. The unfunded commitments were $
10.3
billion and $
10.8
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are reported as off-balance sheet lending-related commitments in other unfunded commitments to extend credit. Refer to Note 28 for more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments.
Municipal bond vehicles
Municipal bond vehicles or tender option bond (“TOB”) trusts allow institutions to finance their municipal bond investments at short-term rates. In a typical TOB transaction, the trust purchases highly rated municipal bond(s) of a single issuer and funds the purchase by issuing two types of securities: (1) puttable floating-rate certificates (“floaters”) and (2) inverse floating-rate residual interests (“residuals”). The floaters are typically purchased by money market funds or other short-term investors and may be tendered, with requisite notice, to the TOB trust. The residuals are retained by the investor seeking to finance its municipal bond investment. TOB transactions where the residual is held by a third-party investor are typically known as customer TOB trusts, and non-customer TOB trusts are transactions where the Residual is retained by the Firm. Customer TOB trusts are sponsored by a third party. The Firm serves as sponsor for all non-customer TOB transactions. The Firm may provide various services to a TOB trust, including remarketing agent, liquidity or tender option provider, and/or sponsor.
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC may serve as a remarketing agent on the floaters for TOB trusts. The remarketing agent is responsible for establishing the periodic variable rate on the floaters, conducting the initial
placement and remarketing tendered floaters. The remarketing agent may, but is not obligated to, make markets in floaters. Floaters held by the Firm were not material during 2024 and 2023.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC often serves as the sole liquidity or tender option provider for the TOB trusts. The liquidity provider’s obligation to perform is conditional and is limited by certain events (“Termination Events”), which include bankruptcy or failure to pay by the municipal bond issuer or credit enhancement provider, an event of taxability on the municipal bonds or the immediate downgrade of the municipal bond to below investment grade. In addition, the liquidity provider’s exposure is typically further limited by the high credit quality of the underlying municipal bonds, the