credit quality indicators.
The following table presents the change in the nonaccrual loan portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Since December 31, 2023, nonaccrual loan exposure increased by $2.2 billion, predominantly driven by Real Estate, concentrated in Office, Healthcare and Consumer & Retail, in each case resulting from downgrades.
The following table presents net charge-offs/recoveries, which are defined as gross charge-offs less recoveries, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. The amounts in the table below do not include gains or losses from sales of nonaccrual loans recognized in noninterest revenue.
Maturities and sensitivity to changes in interest rates
The table below sets forth wholesale loan maturities and the distribution between fixed and floating interest rates based on the stated terms of the loan agreements by loan class. Refer to Note 12 for further information on loan classes.
(a)
Includes loans that have an initial fixed interest rate that resets to a variable rate as the variable rate will be the prevailing rate over the life of the loan.
(b)
Includes loans held-for-sale, demand loans and overdrafts.
The following table presents net charge-offs/recoveries, average retained loans and net charge-off/recovery rate by loan class for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Lending-related commitments
The Firm uses lending-related financial instruments, such as commitments (including revolving credit facilities) and guarantees, to address the financing needs of its clients. The contractual amounts of these financial instruments represent the maximum possible credit risk should the clients draw down on these commitments or when the Firm fulfills its obligations under these guarantees, and the clients subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of these contracts. Most of these commitments and guarantees have historically been refinanced, extended, cancelled, or expired without being drawn upon or a default occurring. As a result, the Firm does not believe that the total contractual amount of these wholesale lending-related commitments is representative of the Firm’s expected future credit exposure or funding requirements. Refer to Note 28 for further information on wholesale lending-related commitments.
Receivables from customers
Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM that are collateralized by assets maintained in the clients’ brokerage accounts (including cash on deposit, and primarily liquid and readily marketable debt or equity securities). To manage its credit risk, the Firm establishes margin requirements and monitors the required margin levels on an ongoing basis, and requires clients to deposit additional cash or other collateral, or to reduce positions, when appropriate. Credit risk arising from lending activities subject to collateral maintenance requirements is generally