loans, collateral values are generally based on appraisals from internal and external valuation sources. Collateral values are typically updated every
six
to
twelve months
, either by obtaining a new appraisal or by performing an internal analysis, in accordance with the Firm’s policies. The Firm also considers both borrower- and market-specific factors, which may result in obtaining appraisal updates or broker price opinions at more frequent intervals.
Loans held-for-sale
Loans held-for-sale are measured at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in noninterest revenue. For consumer loans, the valuation is performed on a portfolio basis. For wholesale loans, the valuation is performed on an individual loan basis.
Interest income on loans held-for-sale is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest.
Loan origination fees or costs and purchase price discounts or premiums are deferred in a contra loan account until the related loan is sold. The deferred fees or costs and discounts or premiums are an adjustment to the basis of the loan and therefore are included in the periodic determination of the lower of cost or fair value adjustments and/or the gain or loss recognized at the time of sale.
Because these loans are recognized at the lower of cost or fair value, the Firm’s allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans. However, loans held-for-sale are subject to the Firm’s nonaccrual policies.
Loans at fair value
Loans for which the fair value option has been elected are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in noninterest revenue.
Interest income on these loans is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest. Changes in fair value are recognized in noninterest revenue. Loan origination fees are recognized upfront in noninterest revenue. Loan origination costs are recognized in the associated expense category as incurred.
Because these loans are recognized at fair value, the Firm’s allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans. However, loans at fair value are subject to the Firm’s nonaccrual policies.
Refer to Note 3 for further information on the Firm’s elections of fair value accounting under the fair value option. Refer to Note 2 and Note 3 for further information on loans carried at fair value and classified as trading assets.
Loan classification changes
Loans in the held-for-investment portfolio that management decides to sell are transferred to the held-for-sale portfolio at the lower of cost or fair value on the date of transfer. Credit-related losses are charged against the allowance for loan losses; non-credit related losses such as those due to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates are recognized in noninterest revenue.
In the event that management decides to retain a loan in the held-for-sale portfolio, the loan is transferred to the held-for-investment portfolio at