risk. For example, Country Risk Management oversees country risk which may be a driver of risk or an aggregation of exposures that could give rise to multiple risk types such as credit or market risk.
The following sections discuss the risk governance and oversight functions that have been established to oversee the risks inherent in the Firm’s business activities.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, liquidity or reputation associated with poorly-designed or failed business plans or an inadequate response to changes in the operating environment.
Management and oversight
The Operating Committee, together with the senior leadership of each LOB and Corporate, are responsible for managing the Firm’s most significant strategic risks. IRM engages regularly in strategic business discussions and decision-making, including participation in relevant business reviews and senior management meetings, risk and control committees and other relevant governance forums, and review of acquisitions and new business initiatives. The Board of Directors oversees management’s strategic decisions, and the Board Risk Committee oversees IRM and the Firm’s risk governance framework.
In the process of developing business plans and strategic initiatives, LOB and Corporate senior management identify the associated risks that are incorporated into the Firmwide Risk Identification framework and their impact on risk appetite.
In addition, IRM conducts a qualitative assessment of the LOB and Corporate strategic initiatives to assess their impact on the risk profile of the Firm.
The Firm’s strategic planning process, which includes the development of the Firm’s strategic plan and other strategic initiatives, is one component of managing the Firm’s strategic risk. The strategic plan outlines the Firm’s strategic framework and initiatives, and includes components such as budget, risk appetite, capital, earnings and asset-liability management objectives. Guided by the Firm’s Business Principles, the Operating Committee and senior management teams in each LOB and Corporate review and update the strategic plan periodically, including evaluating the strategic framework and performance of strategic  initiatives, assessing the operating environment, refining existing strategies and developing new strategies.
The Firm’s strategic plan, together with IRM’s assessment, are provided to the Board as part of its review and approval of the Firm’s strategic plan, and the plan is also reflected in the Firm's budget.
The Firm’s balance sheet strategy, which focuses on risk-adjusted returns, strong capital and robust liquidity, is also a component in the management of strategic risk. Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 97–107 for further information on capital risk. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 108–115 for further information on liquidity risk. Refer to Reputation Risk Management on page 116 for further information on reputation