other cash collateral that may be used as security when the fair value of the client’s exposure is in the Firm’s favor. For these purposes, the definition of liquid securities is consistent with the definition of high quality liquid assets as defined in the LCR rule.
In management’s view, the appropriate measure of current credit risk should also take into consideration other collateral, which generally represents securities that do not qualify as high quality liquid assets under the LCR rule. The benefits of these additional collateral amounts for each counterparty are subject to a legally enforceable master netting agreement and limited to the net amount of the derivative receivables for each counterparty.
The Firm also holds additional collateral (primarily cash, G7 government securities, other liquid government agency and guaranteed securities, and corporate debt and equity securities) delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions, as well as collateral related to contracts that have a non-daily call frequency and collateral that the Firm has agreed to return but has not yet settled as of the reporting date. Although this collateral does not reduce the receivables balances and is not included in the tables below, it is available as security against potential exposure that could arise should the fair value of the client’s derivative contracts move in the Firm’s favor. Refer to Note 5 for additional information on the Firm’s use of collateral agreements for derivative transactions.
The following tables summarize the net derivative receivables and the internal ratings profile for the periods presented.
While useful as a current view of credit exposure, the net fair value of the derivative receivables does not capture the potential future variability of that credit exposure. To capture this variability, the Firm calculates, on a client-by-client basis, three measures of potential derivatives-related credit loss: Peak, Derivative Risk Equivalent (“DRE”), and Average exposure (“AVG”). These measures all incorporate netting and collateral benefits, where applicable.
Peak represents a conservative measure of potential derivative exposure, including the benefit of collateral, to a counterparty calculated in a manner that is broadly equivalent to a 97.5% confidence level over the life of the transaction. Peak is the primary measure used by the Firm for setting credit limits for derivative contracts, senior management reporting and derivatives exposure management.
DRE exposure is a measure that expresses the risk of derivative exposure, including the benefit of collateral, on a basis intended to be equivalent to the risk of loan exposures. DRE is a less extreme measure of potential credit loss than Peak.
Finally, AVG is a measure of the expected fair value of the Firm’s derivative exposures, including the benefit of collateral, at future time periods. AVG over the total life of the derivative contract is used as the primary metric for pricing