available cash and securities as of both December 31, 2024 and 2023. For each respective period, the amount was comprised of eligible end-of-period HQLA, excluding the impact of regulatory haircuts, of approximately $834 billion and $798 billion, and unencumbered marketable securities with a fair value of approximately $594 billion and $649 billion.
The Firm also had available borrowing capacity at the Federal Home Loan Banks (“FHLBs”) and the discount window at the Federal Reserve Banks as a result of collateral pledged by the Firm to such banks of approximately $413 billion and $340 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This borrowing capacity excludes the benefit of cash and securities reported in the Firm’s eligible HQLA or other unencumbered securities that are currently pledged at the Federal Reserve Banks discount window and other central banks. Available borrowing capacity increased from December 31, 2023 primarily due to a higher amount of commercial loans and credit card receivables pledged at the Federal Reserve Banks. Although available, the Firm does not view this borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Banks discount window and the other central banks as a primary source of liquidity.
NSFR
The net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) is a liquidity requirement for large banking organizations that is intended to measure the adequacy of “available” stable funding that is sufficient to meet their “required” amounts of stable funding over a one-year horizon.
For the three months ended December 31, 2024, both the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were compliant with the 100% minimum NSFR requirement, based on the Firm’s interpretation of the final NSFR rule. Refer to the Firm's U.S. NSFR Disclosure report on the Firm’s website for additional information.
Funding
Sources of funds
Management believes that the Firm’s unsecured and secured funding capacity is sufficient to meet its on- and off-balance sheet obligations, which includes both short- and long-term cash requirements.
The Firm funds its global balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including deposits, secured and unsecured funding in the capital markets and stockholders’ equity. Deposits are the primary funding source for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may access funding through short- or long-term secured borrowings, the issuance of unsecured long-term debt, or from
borrowings from the IHC. The Firm’s non-bank subsidiaries are primarily funded from long-term unsecured borrowings and short-term secured borrowings which are primarily securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements. Excess funding is invested by Treasury and CIO in the Firm’s investment securities portfolio or deployed in cash or other short-term liquid investments based on their interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics.
Refer to Note 28 for additional information on off–balance sheet obligations.
Deposits
The table below summarizes, by LOB and