financing activities, investment securities, long-term debt, related interest rate hedges, and funds transfer pricing of other positions in risk management VaR and other sensitivity-based measures as described on page 142 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K. These simulations also include hedges of non-U.S. dollar foreign exchange exposures arising from capital investments. Refer to non-U.S. dollar foreign exchange risk on page 149 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for more information.
Earnings-at-risk scenarios estimate the potential change to a baseline, over the following 12 months utilizing multiple assumptions. These scenarios include a parallel shift involving changes to both short-term and long-term rates by an equal amount; a steeper yield curve involving holding short-term rates constant and increasing long-term rates; and a flatter yield curve involving increasing short-term rates and holding long-term rates constant or holding short-term rates constant and decreasing long-term rates. These scenarios consider many different factors, including:
•
The impact on exposures as a result of instantaneous changes in interest rates from baseline rates.
•
Forecasted balance sheet, as well as modeled prepayment and reinvestment behavior, but excluding assumptions about actions that could be taken by the Firm or its clients and customers in response to instantaneous rate changes. Mortgage prepayment assumptions are based on the interest rates used in the scenarios compared with underlying contractual rates, the time since origination, and other factors which are updated periodically based on historical experience. Deposit forecasts are a key assumption in the Firm’s earnings-at-risk. The baseline reflects certain assumptions relating to the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet policy (e.g., quantitative tightening and usage at the Reverse Repurchase Facility) that require management judgment. The amount of deposits that the Firm holds at any given time may be influenced by Federal Reserve actions, as well as broader monetary conditions and competition for deposits.
•
The pricing sensitivity of deposits, known as deposit betas, represent the amount by which deposit rates paid could change upon a given change in market interest rates. Actual deposit rates paid may differ from the modeled assumptions, primarily due to customer behavior and competition for deposits.
The Firm performs sensitivity analyses of the assumptions used in earnings-at-risk scenarios, including with respect to deposit betas and forecasts of deposit balances, both of which are especially significant in the case of consumer deposits. The results of these sensitivity analyses are reported to the CTC Risk Committee and the Board Risk Committee.
The Firm’s earnings-at-risk scenarios are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm’s balance sheet, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm’s simulation and other factors.
The Firm’s