operational performance and trends of the Firm or of the particular business segment, as the case may be, and therefore facilitate a comparison of the Firm or the business segment with the performance of its relevant competitors. Refer to Business Segment & Corporate Results on pages 70–90 for additional information on these non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP financial measures used by the Firm may not be comparable to similarly named non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies.
The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm’s reported U.S. GAAP results to managed basis.
(a)
Effective January 1, 2024, the Firm adopted updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures guidance, under the modified retrospective method. Refer to Notes 1, 6, 14 and 25 for additional information.
(b)
Predominantly recognized in CIB and Corporate.
Net interest income, net yield, and noninterest revenue excluding Markets
In addition to reviewing net interest income, net yield, and noninterest revenue on a managed basis, management also reviews these metrics excluding Markets, as shown below. Markets consists of CIB’s Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. These metrics, which exclude Markets, are non-GAAP financial measures. Management reviews these metrics to assess the performance of the Firm’s lending, investing (including asset-liability management) and deposit-raising activities, apart from any volatility associated with Markets activities. In addition, management also assesses Markets business performance on a total revenue basis as offsets may occur across revenue lines. Management believes that these measures provide investors and analysts with alternative measures to analyze the revenue trends of the Firm.
(a)
Includes the effect of derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used, also where applicable. Refer to Note 5 for additional information on hedge accounting.
(b)
Refer to pages 81–82 for further information on Markets.
(c)
Effective January 1, 2024, the Firm adopted updates to the Accounting for Investment in Tax Credit Stricture guidance, under the modified retrospective method. Refer to Notes 1, 6, 14 and 25 for additional information.
(d)
Includes the market-related revenues of the former Commercial Banking business segment. Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation.
In addition, the Firm reviews other non-GAAP measures such as:
•
Adjusted expense, which represents noninterest expense excluding Firmwide legal expense, and
•
Pre-provision profit, which represents total net revenue less total noninterest expense.
Management believes that these measures help investors to understand the effect of these items on reported results and provide an alternative presentation of the Firm’s performance.
TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS
TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS are each non-GAAP financial measures. TCE represents the Firm’s common stockholders’ equity (i.e., total