does not contain requirements that would call for an acceleration of payments, maturities or changes in the structure of the existing debt, provide any limitations on future borrowings or require additional collateral, based on unfavorable changes in the Firm’s credit ratings, financial ratios, earnings, or stock price.
Critical factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong capital and liquidity ratios, strong credit quality and risk management controls, and diverse funding sources. Rating agencies continue to evaluate economic and geopolitical trends, regulatory developments, future profitability, risk management practices, and litigation matters, as well as their broader ratings methodologies. Changes in any of these factors could lead to changes in the Firm’s credit ratings.
Reputation risk is the risk that an action or inaction may negatively impact perception of the Firm’s integrity and reduce confidence in the Firm’s competence by various stakeholders, including clients, counterparties, customers, communities, investors, regulators, or employees.
The types of events that may result in reputation risk are wide-ranging and can be introduced by the Firm’s employees, business strategies and activities, clients, customers and counterparties with which the Firm does business. These events could contribute to financial losses, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, penalties or other sanctions, as well as other harm to the Firm.
Organization and management
Reputation Risk Management is an independent risk management function that establishes the governance framework for managing reputation risk across the Firm’s LOBs and Corporate. Reputation risk is inherently challenging to identify, manage, and quantify.
The Firm’s reputation risk management function includes the following activities:
•
Maintaining a Firmwide Reputation Risk Governance policy and a standard consistent with the reputation risk framework
•
Providing oversight of the governance framework through processes and infrastructure to support consistent identification, escalation and monitoring of reputation risk issues Firmwide
Governance and oversight
The Reputation Risk Governance policy establishes the principles for managing reputation risk for the Firm. It is the responsibility of each LOB and Corporate, and the Firm’s employees, to consider the reputation of the Firm when deciding whether to offer a new product, engage in a transaction or client relationship, enter a new jurisdiction, initiate a business process or consider any other activity. Environmental impacts and social concerns are important considerations in assessing the Firm’s reputation risk, and are a component of the Firm’s reputation risk governance.
Credit and investment risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer; or loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments,