LOB
: Line of business
LTV: “Loan-to-value ratio”:
For residential real estate loans, the relationship, expressed as a percentage, between the principal amount of a loan and the
appraised value of the collateral (i.e., residential real estate) securing the loan.
Origination date LTV ratio
The LTV ratio at the origination date of the loan. Origination date LTV ratios are calculated based on the actual appraised values of collateral (i.e., loan-level data) at the origination date.
Current estimated LTV ratio
An estimate of the LTV as of a certain date. The current estimated LTV ratios are calculated using estimated collateral values derived from a nationally recognized home price index measured at the metropolitan statistical area (“MSA”) level. These MSA-level home price indices consist of actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. As a result, the estimated collateral values used to calculate these ratios do not represent actual appraised loan-level collateral values; as such, the resulting LTV ratios are necessarily imprecise and should therefore be viewed as estimates.
Combined LTV ratio
The LTV ratio considering all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. Combined LTV ratios are used for junior lien home equity products.
Macro businesses:
the macro businesses include Rates, Currencies and Emerging Markets, Fixed Income Financing and Commodities in CIB's Fixed Income Markets.
Managed basis:
A non-GAAP presentation of Firmwide financial results that includes reclassifications to present revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis. Management also uses this financial measure at the segment level, because it believes this provides information to enable investors to understand the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and facilitates a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors.
Markets:
consists of CIB's Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets businesses.
Master netting agreement:
A single agreement with a counterparty that permits multiple transactions governed by that agreement to be terminated or accelerated and settled through a single payment in a single currency in the event of a default (e.g., bankruptcy, failure to make a required payment or securities transfer or deliver collateral or margin when due).
MBS:
Mortgage-backed securities
MD&A:
Management’s discussion and analysis
Measurement alternative
: Measures equity securities without readily determinable fair values at cost less
174
impairment (if any), plus or minus observable price changes from an identical or similar investment of the same issuer.
Merchant Services:
offers merchants payment processing capabilities, fraud and risk management, data and analytics, and other payments services. Through Merchant Services, merchants of all sizes can accept payments via credit and debit cards and payments in multiple currencies.
MEV: