and leverage ratios as of March 31, 2025 exceeded the minimum requirements, including the additional capital requirements specified by EU regulators.
Refer to U.S. broker-dealer and Non-U.S. subsidiary regulatory capital on page 107 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information.
39
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Firm will be unable to meet its cash and collateral needs as they arise or that it does not have the appropriate amount, composition and tenor of funding and liquidity to support its assets and liabilities. For a further discussion of the Firm's liquidity risk management, refer to pages 108–115 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K and to the Firm’s U.S. LCR Disclosure reports, which are available on the Firm’s website.
LCR and HQLA
The LCR rule requires that the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintain an amount of eligible HQLA that is sufficient to meet their respective estimated total net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period of significant stress.
Under the LCR rule, the amount of eligible HQLA held by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that is in excess of its stand-alone 100% minimum LCR requirement, and that is not transferable to non-bank affiliates, must be excluded from the Firm’s reported eligible HQLA. The LCR for both the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is required to be a minimum of 100%.
The following table summarizes the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s average LCR for the three months ended March 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2024 based on the Firm’s interpretation of the LCR framework.
(a)
Represents cash on deposit at central banks, primarily the Federal Reserve Banks.
(b)
Eligible HQLA securities may be reported in securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements, trading assets, or investment securities on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. For purposes of calculating the LCR, HQLA securities are included at fair value, which may differ from the accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP.
(c)
Predominantly U.S. Treasuries, U.S. GSE and government agency MBS, and sovereign bonds net of regulatory haircuts under the LCR rule.
(d)
Excludes average excess eligible HQLA at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that are not transferable to non-bank affiliates.
The Firm’s average LCR increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily driven by dividend payments from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the Parent Company, predominantly offset by common stock repurchases and common stock dividends paid.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s average LCR for the three months ended March 31, 2025 decreased compared with the three months ended March 31, 2024, due to dividend payments to the Parent Company and loan growth, largely offset by activities in CIB Markets, an increase in deposits and a reduction in non-HQLA securities.
Each of the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.'s average LCR may fluctuate from period to period due to changes in