by a subset of less than twenty variables. The specific variables that have the greatest effect on the modeled losses vary by portfolio and geography.
•
Key MEVs for the consumer portfolio include regional U.S. unemployment rates and U.S. HPI.
•
Key MEVs for the wholesale portfolio include U.S. unemployment, U.S. real GDP, U.S. equity prices, U.S. interest rates, U.S. corporate credit spreads, oil prices, U.S. commercial real estate prices and U.S. HPI.
Changes in the Firm’s assumptions and forecasts of economic conditions could significantly affect its estimate of expected credit losses in the portfolio at the balance sheet date or lead to significant changes in the estimate from one reporting period to the next.
As a result of the First Republic acquisition, the Firm recorded an allowance for credit losses for the loans acquired and lending-related commitments assumed as of May 1, 2023. Due to differences in risk rating methodologies for the First Republic portfolio and the ongoing integration of products and systems, the allowance for credit losses for the acquired wholesale portfolio was initially measured based on similar risk characteristics from other facilities underwritten by the Firm. Starting in the second quarter of 2024, the acquired portfolio was incorporated into the Firm's modeled credit loss estimates and is now reflected in the wholesale sensitivity analysis below. Refer to Note 34 for additional information on the First Republic acquisition.
It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because management considers a wide variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for credit losses. Changes in the factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor or input may offset deterioration in others.
To consider the impact of a hypothetical alternate macroeconomic forecast, the Firm compared the modeled credit losses determined using its central and relative adverse macroeconomic scenarios, which are two of the five scenarios considered in estimating the allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments. The central and relative adverse scenarios each included a full suite of MEVs, but differed in the levels, paths and peaks/troughs of those variables over the eight-quarter forecast period.
For example, compared to the Firm’s central scenario shown on page 137 and in Note 13, the Firm’s relative adverse scenario assumes an elevated U.S.
Management’s discussion and analysis
unemployment rate, averaging approximately 2.1% higher over the eight-quarter forecast, with a peak difference of approximately 3.0% in the fourth quarter of 2025.
This analysis is not intended to estimate expected future changes in the allowance for credit losses, for a number of