transactions in which it transfers financial assets but maintains the economic exposure to the transferred assets by entering into a derivative with the same counterparty in contemplation of the initial transfer. The Firm generally accounts for such transfers as collateralized financing transactions as described in Note 11, but in limited circumstances they may qualify to be accounted for as a sale and a derivative under U.S. GAAP. The amount of such transfers accounted for as a sale where the associated derivative was outstanding was not material at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Impact of derivatives on the Consolidated statements of income
The following tables provide information related to gains and losses recorded on derivatives based on their hedge accounting designation or purpose.
Fair value hedge gains and losses
The following tables present derivative instruments, by contract type, used in fair value hedge accounting relationships, as well as pre-tax gains/(losses) recorded on such derivatives and the related hedged items for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Firm includes gains/(losses) on the hedging derivative in the same line item in the Consolidated statements of income as the related hedged item.
(a)
Primarily consists of hedges of the benchmark (e.g., Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”)) interest rate risk of fixed-rate long-term debt and AFS securities. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income.
(b)
Includes the amortization of income/expense associated with the inception hedge accounting adjustment applied to the hedged item. Excludes the accrual of interest on interest rate swaps and the related hedged items.
(c)
Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of long-term debt and AFS securities for changes in spot foreign currency rates. Gains and losses related to the derivatives and the hedged items due to changes in foreign currency rates and the income statement impact of excluded components were recorded primarily in principal transactions revenue and net interest income.
(d)
Consists of overall fair value hedges of physical commodities inventories that are generally carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value (net realizable value approximates fair value). Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue.
(e)
The assessment of hedge effectiveness excludes certain components of the changes in fair values of the derivatives and hedged items such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts, time values and cross-currency basis spreads. Excluded components may impact earnings either through amortization of the initial amount over the life of the derivative or through fair value changes recognized in the current period.
(f)
Represents the change in value of amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness under the amortization approach, predominantly cross-currency basis spreads.