conditions occur. For additional discussion on model uncertainty refer to Estimations and Model Risk Management on page 160 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Market Risk Management periodically reviews the Firm’s existing market risk measures to identify opportunities for enhancement, and to the extent appropriate, will calibrate those measures accordingly over time.
Value-at-risk
JPMorganChase utilizes value-at-risk (“VaR”), a statistical risk measure, to estimate the potential loss from adverse market moves in the current market environment. The Firm has a single VaR framework used as a basis for calculating Risk Management VaR and Regulatory VaR.
The Firm’s Risk Management VaR is calculated assuming a one-day holding period and an expected tail-loss methodology which approximates a 95% confidence level. For risk management purposes, the Firm believes this methodology provides a daily measure of risk that is closely aligned to risk management decisions made by the LOBs and Corporate and, along with other market risk measures, provides the appropriate information needed to respond to risk events. The Firm calculates separately a daily aggregated VaR in accordance with regulatory rules (“Regulatory VaR”), which is used to derive the Firm’s regulatory VaR-based capital requirements under Basel III.
The Firm’s VaR model calculations are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm’s portfolios, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm’s modeling techniques and measurements, and other factors. Such changes may affect historical comparisons of VaR results. Refer to Estimations and Model Risk Management on page 160 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for information regarding model reviews and approvals.
Refer to page 143 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information regarding VaR, including its inherent limitations, and the key differences between Risk Management VaR and Regulatory VaR. Refer to JPMorganChase’s Basel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website, for additional information on Regulatory VaR and the other components of market risk regulatory capital for the Firm (e.g., VaR-based measure, stressed VaR-based measure and the respective backtesting). Refer to Other risk measures on pages 146–149 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information regarding nonstatistical market risk measures used by the Firm.
65
The table below shows the results of the Firm’s Risk Management VaR measure using a 95% confidence level. VaR can vary significantly as positions change, market volatility fluctuates, and diversification benefits change.
(a)
Divers
ification benefit represents the difference between the portfolio VaR and the sum of its individual components. This reflects the non-additive nature of VaR due to imperfect correlation across LOBs, Corporate, and risk types. For maximum and minimum VaR, diversification benefit is