business segments to form one reportable segment, the Commercial & Investment Bank. As a result of the reorganization, the Firm has three reportable business segments
–
Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”), Commercial & Investment Bank (“CIB”) and Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”)
–
with the remaining activities in Corporate. The Firm’s consumer business segment is CCB, and the Firm’s wholesale business segments are CIB and AWM.
A description of each of the Firm’s reportable business segments, and the products and services that they provide to their respective client bases, as well as a description of Corporate activities, is provided in the Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section of this Form 10-K (“Management’s discussion and analysis” or “MD&A”) under the heading “Business Segment & Corporate Results,” which begins on page 70, and in Note 32.
First Republic:
On May 1, 2023, JPMorganChase acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of First Republic Bank (the “First Republic acquisition”) from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”).
R
eferences in this Form 10-K to “associated with First Republic,” “impact of First Republic” or similar expressions refer to the relevant effects of the First Republic acquisition, as well as subsequent related business and activities, as applicable. Refer to Note 34 for additional information.
The Firm’s website is www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorganChase makes available on its website, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such material to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at www.sec.gov. JPMorganChase makes new and important information about the Firm available on its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com, including on the Investor Relations section of its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/ir. Information on the Firm's website, including documents on the website that are referenced in this Form 10-K, is not incorporated by reference into this 2024 Form 10-K or the Firm’s other filings with the SEC.
This executive overview of the MD&A highlights selected information and does not contain all of the information that is important to readers of the Firm’s 2024 Form 10-K. For a complete description of the trends and uncertainties, as well as the risks and critical accounting estimates affecting the Firm, the 2024 Form 10-K should be read in its entirety.
(a)    The ratios reflect the CECL capital transition provisions. Refer to Note 27 for additional information.
(b)    Reflects the Firm’s ratios under the Basel III Standardized approach. Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 97–107 for additional information.
(c)    NII and NIR refer to net interest income and noninterest revenue,