including IRM-specified controls, to manage those risks. To support this activity, the Firm has a risk identification framework designed to facilitate the responsibility of each LOB and Corporate to identify material risks inherent to the Firm’s businesses and operational activities, catalog them in a central repository and review material risks on a regular basis. The IRM function reviews and challenges the risks identified by each LOB and Corporate, maintains the central repository and provides the consolidated Firmwide results to the Firmwide Risk Committee (“FRC”) and the Board Risk Committee.
Risk appetite
The Firm’s overall appetite for risk is governed by Risk Appetite frameworks for quantitative and qualitative risks. The Firm’s risk appetite is periodically set and approved by senior management (including the CEO and CRO) and approved by the Board Risk Committee. Quantitative and qualitative risks are assessed to monitor and measure the Firm’s capacity to take risk consistent with its stated risk appetite. Risk appetite results are reported to the Board Risk Committee.
Risk governance and oversight structure
The independent status of the IRM function is supported by a risk governance and oversight structure that provides channels for the escalation of risks and issues to senior management, the FRC and the Board of Directors, as appropriate.
The chart below illustrates the principal standing committees of the Board of Directors and key senior management-level committees in the Firm’s risk governance and oversight structure. In addition, there are other committees, forums and channels of escalation that support the oversight of risk that are not shown in the chart below or described in this Form 10-K.
The Firm’s Operating Committee, which consists of the Firm’s CEO, CRO, Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), General Counsel, CEOs of the LOBs and other senior executives, is accountable to and may refer matters to the Firm’s Board of Directors. The Operating Committee and certain other members of senior management are responsible for escalating to the Board the information necessary to facilitate the Board’s exercise of its duties.
Board oversight
The Firm’s Board of Directors actively oversees the business and affairs of the Firm. This includes monitoring the Firm’s financial performance and condition and reviewing the strategic objectives and plans of the Firm. The Board carries out a significant portion of its oversight responsibilities through its principal standing committees, each of which consists solely of independent members of the Board. The Board Risk Committee is the principal committee that oversees risk matters. The Audit Committee oversees the control environment, and the Compensation & Management Development Committee oversees compensation and other management-related
matters. Each committee of the Board oversees reputation risks, conduct risks, and environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters within its scope of