eligible collateral and the allowance for credit losses). Excludes intra-day and operating exposures, such as those from settlement and clearing activities.
(d)
Includes market-making positions and hedging, investment securities, and counterparty exposure on derivative and securities financings net of eligible collateral. Market-making positions and hedging includes exposure from single reference entity (“single-name”), index and other multiple reference entity transactions for which one or more of the underlying reference entities is in a country listed in the above table.
(e)
Includes physical commodities inventory and clearing house guarantee funds.
(f)
The country rankings presented in the table as of December 31, 2024, are based on the country rankings of the corresponding exposures at
March 31, 2025
, not actual rankings of such exposures at December 31, 2024.
71
JPMorganChase’s accounting policies and use of estimates are integral to understanding its reported results. The Firm’s most complex accounting estimates require management’s judgment to ascertain the appropriate carrying value of assets and liabilities. The Firm has established policies and control procedures intended to ensure that estimation methods, including any judgments made as part of such methods, are well-controlled, independently reviewed and applied consistently from period to period. The methods used and judgments made reflect, among other factors, the nature of the assets or liabilities and the related business and risk management strategies, which may vary across the Firm’s businesses and portfolios. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. The Firm believes its estimates for determining the carrying value of its assets and liabilities are appropriate. The following is a brief description of the Firm’s critical accounting estimates involving significant judgments.
Allowance for credit losses
The Firm’s allowance for credit losses represents management’s estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Firm’s financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. The allowance for credit losses generally comprises:
•
The allowance for loan losses, which covers the Firm’s retained loan portfolios (scored and risk-rated),
•
The allowance for lending-related commitments, and
•
The allowance for credit losses on investment securities.
The allowance for credit losses involves significant judgment on a number of matters including development and weighting of macroeconomic forecasts, incorporation of historical loss experience, assessment of risk characteristics, assignment of risk ratings, valuation of collateral, and the determination of remaining expected life. Refer to Note 10 and Note 13 of JPMorganChase's 2024 Form 10-K for further information on these judgments as well as the Firm’s policies and