Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
The internal control framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”), “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (“COSO 2013”), provides guidance for designing, implementing and conducting internal control and assessing its effectiveness. The Firm used the COSO 2013 framework to assess the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. Refer to “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” on page 168.
As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm’s management, including its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Refer to Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 for the Certifications furnished by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively.
The Firm is committed to maintaining high standards of internal control over financial reporting. Nevertheless, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Deficiencies or lapses in internal controls may occur from time to time, and there can be no assurance that any such deficiencies will not result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal control in the future and collateral consequences therefrom. Refer to “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” on page 168 for further information.  There was no change in the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information.
Director and executive officer trading arrangements
The following table provides information concerning Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) adopted in the fourth quarter of 2024 by any director or any officer who is subject to the filing requirements of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Section 16 Director or Officer”). These trading arrangements are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). Certain of the Firm's Section 16 Directors or Officers may participate in employee stock purchase plans, 401(k) plans or dividend