structured notes to return an amount based on the performance of an underlying variable or derivative feature embedded in the note. However, investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Firm as issuer for both nonprincipal-protected and principal-protected notes.
(e)
Where the Firm issues principal-protected zero-coupon or discount notes, the balance reflects the contractual principal payment at maturity or, if applicable, the contractual principal payment at the Firm’s next call date.
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the contractual amount of lending-related commitments for which the fair value option was elected was $
12.3
billion and $
12.2
billion, respectively, with a corresponding fair value of $
3
million and $
50
million, respectively. Refer to Note 28 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K, and Note 22 of this Form 10-Q for further information regarding off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments.
97
Structured note products by balance sheet classification and risk component
The following table presents the fair value of structured notes, by balance sheet classification and the primary risk type.
(a)
Excludes deposits linked to precious metals for which the fair value option has not been elected of $
1.3
billion and $
869
million for the periods ended March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
98
Note 4 –
Derivative instruments
JPMorganChase makes markets in derivatives for clients and also uses derivatives to hedge or manage its own risk exposures. Refer to Note 5 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a further discussion of the Firm’s use of and accounting policies regarding derivative instruments.
The Firm’s disclosures are based on the accounting treatment and purpose of these derivatives. A limited number of the Firm’s derivatives are designated in
hedge accounting relationships and are disclosed according to the type of hedge (fair value hedge, cash flow hedge, or net investment hedge). Derivatives not designated in hedge accounting relationships include certain derivatives that are used to manage risks associated with specified assets and liabilities (“specified risk management” positions) as well as derivatives used in the Firm’s market-making businesses or for other purposes.
The following table outlines the Firm’s primary uses of derivatives and the related hedge accounting designation or disclosure category.
99
Notional amount of derivative contracts
The following table summarizes the notional amount of free-standing derivative contracts outstanding as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(a)
Refer to the Credit derivatives discussion on pages 110-111 for more information on volumes and types of credit derivative contracts.
(b)
Represents the sum of gross long and gross short third-party notional derivative contracts.
While the notional amounts disclosed above give an indication of the volume of the Firm’s derivatives activity, the notional amounts significantly exceed, in the Firm’s view, the