stockholders’ equity less preferred stock) less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs), net of related deferred tax liabilities. ROTCE measures the Firm’s net income applicable to common equity as a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s use of equity.
The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm’s common stockholders’ equity to TCE.
(a)
Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and to identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles when calculating TCE.
The Firm is managed on an LOB basis. Effective in the second quarter of 2024, the Firm reorganized its reportable business segments by combining the former Corporate & Investment Bank and Commercial Banking business segments to form one reportable segment, the Commercial & Investment Bank (“CIB”). As a result of the reorganization, the Firm has three reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial & Investment Bank, and Asset & Wealth Management – with the remaining activities in Corporate.
The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is evaluated by the Firm’s Operating Committee, whose members act collectively as the Firm’s chief operating decision maker. Segment results are presented on a managed basis. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, on pages 67–69 for a definition of managed basis.
The following table depicts the Firm’s reportable business segments.
Description of business segment reporting methodology
Results of the reportable business segments are intended to present each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives business segment results includes the allocation of certain income and expense items. The Firm periodically assesses the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, and therefore further refinements may be implemented in future periods. The Firm also assesses the level of capital required for each LOB on at least an annual basis. The Firm’s LOBs also provide various business metrics which are utilized by the Firm and its investors and analysts in assessing performance.
Revenue sharing
When business segments or businesses within each segment join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm’s clients and customers, the participating businesses may agree to share revenue from those transactions. Revenue is generally recognized in the segment responsible for the related product or service, with allocations to the other segments or businesses involved in the