pledged with clearing organizations for the benefit of customers of $
40.7
billion and $
40.5
billion, respectively.
•
Securities with a fair value of $
26.8
billion and $
20.5
billion, respectively, were also restricted in relation to customer activity.
Intercompany funds transfers
Restrictions imposed by U.S. federal law prohibit JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and its subsidiaries, from lending to JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“Parent Company”) and certain of its affiliates unless the loans are secured in specified amounts. Such secured loans provided by any banking subsidiary to the Parent Company or to any particular affiliate, together with certain other transactions with such affiliate (collectively referred to as “covered transactions”), must be made on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices. In addition, unless collateralized with cash or US Government debt obligations, covered transactions are generally limited to
10
% of the banking subsidiary’s total capital, as determined by the risk-based capital guidelines; the aggregate amount of covered transactions between any banking subsidiary and all of its affiliates is limited to
20
% of the banking subsidiary’s total capital.
The Parent Company’s two principal subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, an intermediate holding company (the “IHC”). The IHC generally holds the stock of JPMorganChase’s subsidiaries other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. The IHC also owns other assets and provides intercompany loans to the Parent Company. The Parent Company is obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds received from securities issuances (including issuances of senior and subordinated debt securities and of preferred and common stock).
The principal sources of income and funding for the Parent Company are dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and extensions of credit from the IHC. In addition to dividend restrictions set forth in statutes and regulations, the Federal Reserve, the OCC and the FDIC have authority under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including the Parent Company and its subsidiaries that are banks or bank holding companies, if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. The IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to the Parent Company if certain capital or liquidity “thresholds” are breached or if limits are otherwise imposed by the Parent Company’s management or Board of Directors.
At January 1, 2025, the Parent Company’s banking subsidiaries could pay, in the aggregate, approximately $
15.5
billion in dividends to their respective bank holding companies without the prior approval of their relevant banking