a fixed capital conservation buffer requirement of
2.5
% that is applicable to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not subject to the GSIB surcharge.
(d)
Represents requirements for bank holding companies pursuant to regulations issued by the Federal Reserve.
(e)
Represents requirements for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. pursuant to regulations issued under the FDIC Improvement Act.
The following table presents the leverage-based regulatory capital ratio requirements and well-capitalized ratios to which the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were subject as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Note: The table above is as defined by the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC and to which the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are subject.
(a)
Represents minimum SLR requirement of
3.0
%, as well as supplementary leverage buffer requirements of
2.0
% and
3.0
% for BHC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., respectively.
(b)
The Federal Reserve's regulations do not establish well-capitalized thresholds for these measures for BHCs.
CECL Regulatory Capital Transition
Beginning January 1, 2022, the $
2.9
billion CECL capital benefit, provided by the Federal Reserve in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, is being phased out at 25% per year over a three-year period. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Firm’s CET1 capital reflected the remaining benefit of $
720
million and $
1.4
billion, respectively, associated with the CECL capital transition provisions.
Similarly, as of January 1, 2024, the Firm has phased out 75% of the other CECL capital transition provisions which impacted Tier 2 capital, adjusted average assets, total leverage exposure and RWA, as applicable.
The following tables present risk-based capital metrics under both the Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced approaches and leverage-based capital metrics for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were well-capitalized and met all capital requirements to which each was subject.
(a)
The capital metrics reflect the CECL capital transition provisions.
(b)
Includes the impacts of certain assets associated with First Republic to which the Standardized approach has been applied as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules.
(a)
The capital metrics reflect the CECL capital transition provisions.
(b)
Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the leverage ratios, includes quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill, inclusive of estimated equity method goodwill, and other intangible assets.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 28 –
Off–balance sheet lending-related
financial instruments, guarantees, and
other commitments
JPMorganChase provides lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees) to address the financing needs