purchase gain.
2024 compared with 2023
Net income was $10.6 billion, compared with $2.8 billion in the prior year.
Net revenue was $17.4 billion, compared with $8.0 billion in the prior year.
Net interest income was $9.8 billion, up 24%, driven by the impact of balance sheet actions, primarily  reinvestments in the investment securities portfolio, partially offset by the net impact of rates.
Noninterest revenue was $7.6 billion, compared with $132 million in the prior year. Excluding the $7.9 billion net gain related to Visa shares recorded in the second quarter of 2024 and the prior-year $2.8 billion estimated bargain purchase gain associated with the First Republic acquisition, revenue was up $2.4 billion, predominantly driven by lower investment securities losses, primarily on sales of U.S. Treasuries and U.S. GSE and government agency MBS, associated with repositioning the investment securities portfolio in Treasury and CIO.
Noninterest expense was $4.0 billion, down 29%, driven by:
•
a lower FDIC special assessment,
•
lower expense associated with the First Republic acquisition as the prior year expense in Corporate included individuals associated with First Republic who were not employees of the Firm until July 2023, and this expense was subsequently aligned to the appropriate LOBs starting in the third quarter of 2023, and
•
lower legal expense,
partially offset by
•
a $1.0 billion contribution of Visa shares to the JPMorgan Chase Foundation recorded in the second quarter of 2024, and
•
higher costs associated with the Firm's international consumer initiatives.
The provision for credit losses was $10 million.
The provision in the prior year was $171 million, reflecting a net addition to the allowance for credit losses related to a single name exposure, which was subsequently charged off upon the restructuring of a loan.
Refer to Note 10 and Note 13 for additional information on the investment securities portfolio and the allowance for credit losses.
The current period income tax expense was driven by changes in the level and mix of income and expenses subject to U.S. federal and state and local taxes, including the impact of the net gain on Visa shares and the contribution of Visa shares to the JPMorgan Chase Foundation recorded in the second quarter of 2024, partially offset by benefits related to tax audit settlements.
Other Corporate includes the Firm's international consumer initiatives, which primarily consists of Chase U.K., Nutmeg, and an ownership stake in C6 Bank.
The deposits within Corporate relate to the Firm’s international consumer initiatives and have increased as a result of growth in client accounts, reflecting the impact of additional product offerings.
Treasury and
CIO
overview
Treasury and CIO
is
predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding, capital, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks. The risks managed by Treasury and CIO arise from the