risk governance structure. This framework allows for the escalation of significant climate risk-related issues to LOB Risk Committees. The Board Risk Committee also receives information on significant climate risks and climate-related initiatives, as appropriate.
Operational risk is the risk of an adverse outcome resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems; human factors; or external events impacting the Firm’s processes or systems. Operational Risk includes compliance, conduct, legal, and estimations and model risk. Operational risk is inherent in the Firm’s activities and can manifest
itself in various ways, including fraudulent acts, business disruptions (including those caused by extraordinary events beyond the Firm's control), cyber attacks, inappropriate employee behavior, failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations or failure of vendors or other third party providers to perform in accordance with their agreements. Operational Risk Management attempts to manage operational risk at appropriate levels in light of the Firm’s financial position, the characteristics of its businesses, and the markets and regulatory environments in which it operates.
Operational Risk Management Framework
The Firm’s Compliance, Conduct, and Operational Risk (“CCOR”) Management Framework is designed to enable the Firm to govern, identify, measure, monitor and test, manage and report on the Firm’s operational risk.
Operational Risk Governance
The LOBs and Corporate are responsible for the management of operational risk. The Control Management Organization, which consists of control managers within each LOB and Corporate, is responsible for the day-to-day execution of the CCOR Framework.
The Firm’s Global Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”) and FRE for Operational Risk and Qualitative Risk Appetite is responsible for defining the CCOR Management Framework and establishing the minimum standards for its execution. The LOB and Corporate aligned CCOR Lead Officers report to the Global CCO and FRE for Operational Risk and Qualitative Risk Appetite and are independent of the respective businesses or functions they oversee. The CCOR Management Framework is included in the Risk Governance and Oversight Policy that is reviewed and approved by the Board Risk Committee periodically.
Operational Risk Identification
The Firm utilizes a structured risk and control self-assessment process that is executed by the LOBs and Corporate. As part of this process, the LOBs and Corporate evaluate the effectiveness of their respective control environment to assess circumstances in which controls have failed, and to determine where remediation efforts may be required. The Firm’s Operational Risk and Compliance organization (“Operational Risk and Compliance”)
provides oversight of and challenge to these evaluations and may also perform independent assessments of significant operational risk events and areas of concentrated or emerging risk.
Operational Risk