to the Firm were 11.4%, 12.9%, and 14.9%, respectively; the Basel III Advanced CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratio requirements applicable to the Firm were 11.0%, 12.5%, and 14.5%, respectively. Refer to Note 27 for additional information.
(c)
Includes the impacts of certain assets associated with First Republic to which the Standardized approach has been applied as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules.
(a)
The capital metrics reflect the CECL capital transition provisions. Refer to Note 27 for additional information.
(b)
Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the leverage ratios, includes quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill, inclusive of estimated equity method goodwill, and other intangible assets.
(c)
Represents minimum requirements and regulatory buffers applicable to the Firm. Refer to Note 27 for additional information.
Capital components
The following table presents reconciliations of total stockholders’ equity to Basel III CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(a)
Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and to identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles when calculating CET1 capital.
(b)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, included a net benefit associated with cash flow hedges and debit valuation adjustments ("DVA") related to structured notes recorded in AOCI of $5.2 billion and $4.3 billion and the benefit from the CECL capital transition provisions of $720 million and $1.4 billion, respectively.
(c)
Goodwill deducted from capital includes goodwill associated with equity method investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions based on regulatory requirements. Refer to page 140 for additional information on principal investment risk.
(d)
Represents the allowance for credit losses eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 capital up to 1.25% of credit risk RWA, including the impact of the CECL capital transition provision with any excess deducted from RWA. Refer to Note 27 for additional information on the CECL capital transition.
(e)
Represents an adjustment to qualifying allowance for credit losses for the excess of eligible credit reserves over expected credit losses up to 0.6% of credit risk RWA, including the impact of the CECL capital transition provision with any excess deducted from RWA.
(f)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, included an incremental $541 million and $655 million allowance for credit losses, respectively, on certain assets associated with First Republic to which the Standardized approach has been applied, as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules.
Capital rollforward
The following table presents the changes in Basel III CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital for the year ended December 31, 2024.
(a)