in interest rates from baseline rates.
•
Forecasted balance sheet, as well as modeled prepayment and reinvestment behavior, but excluding assumptions about actions that could be taken by the Firm or its clients and customers in response to instantaneous rate changes. Mortgage prepayment assumptions are based on the interest rates used in the scenarios compared with underlying contractual rates, the time since origination, and other factors which are updated periodically based on historical experience. Deposit forecasts are a key assumption in the Firm’s earnings-at-risk. The baseline reflects certain assumptions relating to the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet policy (e.g., quantitative tightening and usage at the Reverse Repurchase Facility) that
require management judgment. The amount of deposits that the Firm holds at any given time may be influenced by Federal Reserve actions, as well as broader monetary conditions and competition for deposits.
•
The pricing sensitivity of deposits, known as deposit betas, represent the amount by which deposit rates paid could change upon a given change in market interest rates. Actual deposit rates paid may differ from the modeled assumptions, primarily due to customer behavior and competition for deposits.
The Firm performs sensitivity analyses of the assumptions used in earnings-at-risk scenarios, including with respect to deposit betas and forecasts of deposit balances, both of which are especially significant in the case of consumer deposits. The results of these sensitivity analyses are reported to the CTC Risk Committee and the Board Risk Committee.
The Firm’s earnings-at-risk scenarios are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm’s balance sheet, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm’s simulation and other factors. In the second quarter of 2024, the Firm updated certain deposit rates paid assumptions which take into account observed pricing and client and customer behavior during the most recent economic cycle. These updated deposit rates paid assumptions impacted the U.S. dollar scenarios, resulting in an increase in positive sensitivity in higher interest rate scenarios, and an increase in negative sensitivity in lower interest rate scenarios.
The Firm’s earnings-at-risk sensitivities are measures of the Firm’s interest rate exposure. The Firm’s actual net interest income for the rate changes presented may differ as the earnings-at-risk scenarios are modelled as instantaneous changes and exclude any actions that could be taken by the Firm or its clients or customers in response to rate changes. Other significant assumptions in the earnings-at-risk scenarios, including mortgage prepayments and deposit rates paid, may also differ from actual results. The Firm’s forecast for net interest income is included in the Firm’s outlook on page 57.
Management’s discussion and analysis
The Firm’s sensitivities are presented in the table below.
(a)