for additional information.
(c)
Included the net gain related to Visa shares of $7.9 billion recorded in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to Notes 2 and 6 for additional information.
(d)
Included the estimated bargain purchase gain of $2.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023 associated with the First Republic acquisition. Refer to Notes 6 and 34 for additional information.
2024 compared with 2023
Investment banking fees
increased, reflecting in CIB the benefit of
favorable market conditions, which resulted in:
•
higher debt underwriting fees predominantly driven by higher industry-wide issuances in leveraged loans, and in high-grade and high-yield bonds,
•
higher equity underwriting fees driven by higher industry-wide fees and wallet share gains in IPOs, and in follow-on and convertible securities offerings, and
•
higher advisory fees driven by higher industry-wide mergers and acquisitions (“M&A”) activity and wallet share gains.
Refer to CIB segment results on pages 77–83 and Note 6 for additional information.
Principal transactions revenue
increased driven by CIB, reflecting:
•
higher Equity Markets revenue in Prime Finance and Equity Derivatives,
predominantly offset by
•
lower Fixed Income Markets revenue, reflecting the net impact of declines in revenue across macro businesses and higher revenue in Securitized Products.
Principal transactions revenue in CIB generally has offsets across other revenue lines, including net interest income. The Firm assesses the performance of its Markets business on a total net revenue basis.
The increase in CIB was partially offset by a net decrease in Corporate, reflecting lower revenue in Treasury and CIO, and gains compared with a net loss on certain legacy private equity investments in the prior year.
Refer to CIB segment and Corporate results on pages 77–83 and pages 88–90, respectively, and Note 6 for additional information.
Lending- and deposit-related fees
increased, reflecting, in CIB, higher deposit-related fees, including cash management fees in Payments, on higher volume; and higher lending-related fees, including loan commitment fees. These factors were largely offset by a decline in the amortization of the fair value discount on certain acquired lending-related commitments associated with First Republic, primarily in AWM, as certain of the commitments have expired.
Refer to CIB and AWM segment results on pages 77–83 and pages 84–87, respectively, and Note 6 for additional information.
Asset management fees
increased, reflecting, in AWM and CCB, higher average market levels and net inflows, as well as higher performance fees in AWM; and in CCB, the timing impact of First Republic. Refer to CCB and AWM segment results on pages 73–76 and pages 84–87, respectively, and Note 6 for additional information.
Commissions and other fees
increased, predominantly due to higher brokerage commissions and fees on higher volume, and higher custody fees, in both CIB and AWM, as well as higher annuity