Measurement
Operational Risk and Compliance performs an independent assessment of the operational risks inherent within the LOBs and Corporate, which includes evaluating the effectiveness of the control environments and reporting the results to senior management.
In addition, Operational Risk and Compliance assesses operational risks through quantitative means, including operational risk-based capital and estimation of operational risk losses under both baseline and stressed conditions.
The primary component of the operational risk-based capital estimate is the Loss Distribution Approach (“LDA”) statistical model, which simulates the projected frequency and severity of operational risk losses based on historical data. The LDA model is used to estimate an aggregate operational risk loss over a one-year time horizon, at a 99.9% confidence level. The LDA model incorporates actual internal operational risk losses in the quarter following the period in which those losses were realized, and the calculation generally continues to reflect such losses even after the issues or business activities giving rise to the losses have been remediated or reduced.
As required under the Basel III capital framework, the Firm’s operational risk capital methodology, which uses the Advanced Measurement Approach (“AMA”), incorporates internal and external losses as well as management’s view of tail risk captured through operational risk scenario analysis, and evaluation of key business environment and internal control metrics. The Firm does not reflect the impact of insurance in its AMA estimate of operational risk capital.
The Firm considers the impact of stressed economic conditions on operational risk losses and develops a forward looking view of material operational risk events that may occur in a stressed environment. The Firm’s operational risk stress testing framework is utilized in calculating results for the Firm’s CCAR and other stress testing processes.
Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 97–107 for information related to operational risk RWA, and CCAR.
Operational Risk Monitoring and Testing
The results of risk assessments performed by Operational Risk and Compliance are used in connection with their independent monitoring and testing compliance of the LOBs and Corporate with
Management’s discussion and analysis
laws, rules and regulations. Through monitoring and testing, Operational Risk and Compliance independently identify areas of heightened operational risk and tests the effectiveness of controls within the LOBs and Corporate.
Management of Operational Risk
The operational risk areas or issues identified through monitoring and testing are escalated to the LOBs and Corporate to be remediated through action plans, as needed, to mitigate operational risk. Operational Risk and Compliance may advise the LOBs and Corporate in the development and implementation of action plans.
Operational Risk Reporting
All employees of the Firm are expected to escalate