formerly managed by JPMorganChase entities into residential housing projects developed by the Amrapali Group (“Amrapali”) relating to delays in delivering or failure to deliver residential units. In August 2021, the ED issued an order fining J.P. Morgan India Private Limited approximately $
31.5
million, and the Firm is appealing that order. Relatedly, in July 2019, the Supreme Court of India issued an order making preliminary findings that Amrapali and other parties, including unspecified JPMorganChase entities and the offshore funds that had invested in the projects, violated certain criminal currency control and money laundering provisions, and ordered the ED to conduct a further inquiry. The Firm is responding to and cooperating with the inquiry.
Foreign Exchange Investigations and Litigation.
The Firm previously reported settlements with certain government authorities relating to its foreign exchange (“FX”) sales and trading activities and controls related to those activities. Among those resolutions, in May 2015, the Firm pleaded guilty to a single violation of federal antitrust law. The Department of Labor ("DOL") granted the Firm exemptions that permit the Firm and its
Notes to consolidated financial statements
affiliates to continue to rely on the Qualified Professional Asset Manager exemption under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”) through the
ten-year
disqualification period following the antitrust plea. The only remaining FX-related governmental inquiry is a South Africa Competition Commission matter which is currently pending before the South Africa Competition Tribunal.
With respect to civil litigation matters, some FX-related individual and putative class actions filed outside the U.S., including in the U.K., Israel, the Netherlands, Brazil and Australia, remain. In July 2023, the U.K. Court of Appeal overturned the Competition Appeal Tribunal's earlier denial of a request for class certification on an opt-out basis. The defendants have appealed this decision to the U.K. Supreme Court. In Israel, a settlement in principle has been reached on the putative class action, which remains subject to court approval.
Interchange Litigation
. Groups of merchants and retail associations filed a series of class action complaints alleging that Visa and Mastercard, as well as certain banks, conspired to set the price of credit and debit card interchange fees and enacted related rules in violation of antitrust laws.
In September 2018, the parties settled the class action seeking monetary relief, with the defendants collectively contributing approximately $
6.2
billion. The settlement has been approved by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York and affirmed on appeal. Based on the percentage of merchants that opted out of the settlement, $
700
million has been returned to the defendants from the settlement escrow. A separate class action seeking injunctive relief continues, and in September 2021,