centrally and applied uniformly across the businesses. These scenarios are articulated in terms of macroeconomic factors, which are key drivers of business results; global market shocks, which generate short-term but severe trading losses; and idiosyncratic operational risk events. The scenarios are intended to capture and stress key vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks facing the Firm. In addition to CCAR and other periodic stress testing, management also considers tailored stress scenarios and sensitivity analyses, as necessary.
Contingency Capital Plan
The Firm’s Contingency Capital Plan establishes the capital management framework for the Firm and specifies the principles underlying the Firm’s approach towards capital management in normal economic conditions and in stressed environments. The Contingency Capital Plan defines how the Firm calibrates its targeted capital levels and meets minimum capital requirements, monitors the ongoing appropriateness of planned capital distributions, and sets out the capital contingency actions that are expected to be taken or considered at various levels of capital depletion during a period of stress.
Regulatory capital
The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements, including well-capitalized standards, for the Firm as a consolidated financial holding company. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC") establishes similar minimum capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s principal IDI subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The U.S. capital requirements generally follow the Capital Accord of the Basel Committee, as amended from time to time.
Basel III Overview
The capital rules under Basel III establish minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards for large and internationally active U.S. BHCs and banks, including the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The minimum amount of regulatory capital that must be held by BHCs and banks is determined by calculating RWA, which are on-balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet exposures, weighted according to risk. Under the rules currently in effect, two comprehensive approaches are prescribed for calculating RWA: a standardized approach (“Basel III Standardized”), and an advanced approach (“Basel III Advanced”).
For each of these risk-based capital ratios, the capital adequacy of the Firm is evaluated against the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements.
The current Basel III rules establish capital requirements for calculating credit risk RWA and market risk RWA, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, operational risk RWA. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based