Note 16 –
Premises and equipment
Premises and equipment includes land carried at cost, as well as buildings, leasehold improvements, internal-use software and furniture and equipment carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Firm’s operating lease right-of-use assets are also included in Premises and equipment.
Refer to Note 18 for a further discussion of the Firm’s right-of-use assets.
The following table presents certain components of Premises and equipment.
(a)
Excluded $
564
million and $
514
million of right-of-use assets that were recorded in Other assets at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(b)
Other premises and equipment is comprised of internal-use software and furniture and equipment.
JPMorganChase computes depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life for buildings and furniture and equipment. The Firm depreciates leasehold improvements over the lesser of the remainder of the lease term or the estimated useful life.
The Firm also capitalizes certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software. Once the software is ready for its intended use, these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software’s expected useful life.
The estimated useful lives range from
10
to
50
years for buildings and leasehold improvements, and
3
to
10
years for internal-use software and furniture and equipment.
Impairment is assessed when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be fully recoverable.
Note 17 –
Deposits
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing deposits were as follows:
(a)
Includes structured notes classified as deposits for which the fair value option has been elected. Refer to Note 3 for further discussion.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, time deposits in denominations that met or exceeded the insured limit were as follows:
(a)
Represents all time deposits in non-U.S. offices as these deposits typically exceed the insured limit.
As of December 31, 2024, the remaining maturities of interest-bearing time deposits were as follows:
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 18 -
Leases
Firm as lessee
At December 31, 2024, JPMorganChase and its subsidiaries were obligated under a number of noncancellable leases, predominantly operating leases for premises and equipment used primarily for business purposes. These leases generally have terms of
20
years or less, determined based on the contractual maturity of the lease, and include periods covered by options to extend or terminate the lease when the Firm is reasonably certain that it will exercise those options. All leases with lease terms greater than twelve months are reported as a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use (“ROU”) asset. None of these lease agreements impose restrictions on the Firm’s ability to pay dividends, engage in debt or equity financing transactions or enter into further