JPMorganChase is the seller of protection. The maturity profile is based on the remaining contractual maturity of the credit derivative contracts. The ratings profile is based on the rating of the reference entity on which the credit derivative contract is based. The ratings and maturity profile of credit derivatives where JPMorganChase is the purchaser of protection are comparable to the profile reflected below.
(a)
The ratings scale is primarily based on external credit ratings defined by S&P and Moody’s.
(b)
Amounts are shown on a gross basis, before the benefit of legally enforceable master netting agreements including cash collateral netting.
Note 6 –
Noninterest revenue and noninterest expense
Noninterest revenue
The Firm records noninterest revenue from certain contracts with customers in investment banking fees, deposit-related fees, asset management fees, commissions and other fees, and components of card income. The related contracts are often terminable on demand and the Firm has no remaining obligation to deliver future services. For arrangements with a fixed term, the Firm may commit to deliver services in the future. Revenue associated with these remaining performance obligations typically depends on the occurrence of future events or underlying asset values, and is not recognized until the outcome of those events or values are known.
Investment banking fees
This revenue category includes debt and equity underwriting and advisory fees. As an underwriter, the Firm helps clients raise capital via public offering and private placement of various types of debt and equity instruments. Underwriting fees are primarily based on the issuance price and quantity of the underlying instruments, and are recognized as revenue typically upon execution of the client’s transaction. The Firm also manages and syndicates loan arrangements. Credit arrangement and syndication fees, included within debt underwriting fees, are recorded as revenue after satisfying certain retention, timing and yield criteria.
The Firm also provides advisory services by assisting its clients with mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, restructuring and other complex transactions. Advisory fees are recognized as revenue typically upon execution of the client’s transaction.
The following table presents the components of investment banking fees.
Investment banking fees are earned primarily by CIB.
Principal transactions
Principal transactions revenue is driven by many factors, including:
•
the bid-offer spread, which is the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing and able to sell an instrument to the Firm and the price at which another market participant is willing and able to buy it from the Firm, and vice versa; and
•
realized and unrealized gains and losses on financial instruments and commodities transactions, including those accounted for under the fair value option, primarily used in client-driven market-making activities.
–
Realized gains