earnings-at-risk sensitivities are measures of the Firm’s interest rate exposure. The Firm’s actual net interest income for the rate changes presented may differ as the earnings-at-risk scenarios are modelled as instantaneous changes and exclude any actions that could be taken by the Firm or its clients or customers in response to rate changes. Other significant assumptions in the earnings-at-risk scenarios, including mortgage prepayments and deposit rates paid, may also differ from actual results. The Firm’s forecast for net interest income is included in the Firm’s outlook on page 8.
68
The Firm’s sensitivities are presented in the table below.
(a)
Reflects the simultaneous shift of U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar rates, including hedges of non-U.S. dollar capital investments. Non-U.S. dollar sensitivities were insignificant.
The change in the Firm’s sensitivities as of March 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024, were primarily driven by the net impact of Treasury and CIO actions, partially offset by the impact of changes in Firmwide deposits and loans, primarily in balances. Treasury and CIO actions consisted of an increase in cash flow hedges of floating rate retained loans which added duration, partially offset by securities activity.
Economic value sensitivity
In addition to earnings-at-risk, which is measured as a sensitivity to a baseline of earnings over the next 12 months, the Firm also measures economic value sensitivity (“EVS”). EVS stress tests the longer-term economic value of equity by measuring the sensitivity of the Firm’s current balance sheet, primarily retained loans, deposits, debt and investment securities as well as related hedges, under various interest rate scenarios. The Firm's pricing and cash flow assumptions associated with deposits, as well as prepayment assumptions for loans and securities, are significant factors in the EVS measure. In accordance with the CTC interest rate risk management policy, the Firm has established limits on EVS as a percentage of TCE.
Certain assumptions used in the EVS measure may differ from those required in the fair value measurement note to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For example, certain assets and liabilities with no stated maturity, such as credit card receivables and deposits, have longer assumed durations in the EVS measure. Additional information on long-term debt and held to maturity investment securities is disclosed on page 95 in Note 2.
69
Other sensitivity-based measures
The Firm quantifies the market risk of certain debt and equity and credit and funding-related exposures by assessing the potential impact on net revenue, other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and noninterest expense due to changes in relevant market variables. Refer to the predominant business activities that give rise to market risk on page 142 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information on the positions captured in other sensitivity-based measures.
The table below represents the