facilities, program-wide liquidity and credit enhancement provided by the Firm have been eliminated in consolidation. The Firm or the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits provide lending-related commitments to certain clients of the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits. The unfunded commitments were $
12.5
billion and $
10.3
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and are reported as off-balance sheet lending-related commitments in other unfunded commitments to extend credit. Refer to Note 22 for more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments.
Municipal bond vehicles
Municipal bond vehicles or tender option bond (“TOB”) trusts allow institutions to finance their municipal bond investments at short-term rates. TOB transactions are known as customer TOB trusts and non-customer TOB trusts. Customer TOB trusts are sponsored by a third party.
The Firm serves as sponsor for all non-customer TOB transactions.
144
Consolidated VIE assets and liabilities
The following table presents information on assets and liabilities related to VIEs consolidated by the Firm as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(a)
Includes residential mortgage securitizations.
(b)
Primarily includes consumer loans in CIB.
(c)
Includes assets classified as cash and other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets.
(d)
The assets of the consolidated VIEs included in the program types above are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. The assets and liabilities include third-party assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation.
(e)
The interest-bearing beneficial interest liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are classified on the Consolidated balance sheets as “Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs”. The holders of these beneficial interests generally do not have recourse to the general credit of JPMorganChase. Included in beneficial interests in VIE assets are long-term beneficial interests of $
5.5
billion at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(f)
Includes liabilities classified as accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
VIEs sponsored by third parties
The Firm enters into transactions with VIEs structured by other parties. These include, for example, acting as a derivative counterparty, liquidity provider, investor, underwriter, placement agent, remarketing agent, trustee or custodian. These transactions are conducted at arm’s-length, and individual credit decisions are based on the analysis of the specific VIE, taking into consideration the quality of the underlying assets. Where the Firm does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance, or a variable interest that could potentially be significant, the Firm generally does not consolidate the VIE, but it records and reports these positions on its Consolidated balance sheets in the