cybersecurity risks including opportunities to improve cybersecurity.
Risks from cybersecurity threats, including any previous cybersecurity events, have not materially affected the Firm or its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
Notwithstanding the comprehensive approach that the Firm takes to address cybersecurity risk, the Firm may not be successful in preventing or mitigating a future
cybersecurity incident that could have a material adverse effect on the Firm or its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
Organization and management
The
Global Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”)
reports to the Global Chief Information Officer, and is a member of key cybersecurity governance forums. The CISO leads the Global Cybersecurity and Technology Controls organization, which is responsible for identifying technology and cybersecurity risks and for implementing and maintaining controls to manage cybersecurity threats.
The CISO and the members of senior management within Global Technology and the Cybersecurity and Technology Controls organizations all have relevant expertise and experience in cybersecurity and information technology risk management, including relevant experience at the Firm, at other financial services companies or in other highly-regulated industries.
The CISO is responsible for the Firm’s Information Security Program, which is designed to prevent, detect and respond to cyber attacks in order to help safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Firm's infrastructure, resources and information. The program includes managing the Firm’s global cybersecurity operations centers, providing training, conducting cybersecurity event simulation exercises, implementing the Firm’s policies and standards relating to technology risk and cybersecurity management, and enhancing, as needed, the Firm’s cybersecurity capabilities.
The Firm’s Information Security Program includes the following functions:
Cyber Operations
, which is responsible for implementing and maintaining controls designed to detect and defend the Firm against cyber attacks, and includes a dedicated function for incident response and ongoing monitoring for cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities, including those among the Firm’s third-party suppliers.
Technology Governance, Risk & Controls
, which is responsible for operationalizing technology risk and control frameworks, analyzing regulatory developments that may impact the Firm, and developing control catalogs and assessments of controls, as well as overseeing governance and reporting of technology and cybersecurity risk.
Security Awareness
, which provides awareness and training that reinforces information risk and security management practices and compliance with the Firm's policies, standards and practices. The training is mandatory for all employees globally on a periodic basis, and it is supplemented by Firmwide testing initiatives, including