claims relating to the historical trading practices and related conduct and fiduciary activities which were the subject of the resolutions described above. In December 2022, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss this action in full, and in April 2025 the appellate court affirmed the dismissal.
A second shareholder derivative action relating to the historical trading practices and related conduct was
filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York in December 2022. Defendants have moved to dismiss the complaint.
Zelle Network Litigation.
In December 2024, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) filed a complaint against Early Warning Services, LLC (“EWS”), Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. The CFPB alleged that EWS and the defendant banks failed to take sufficient efforts to prevent fraud on the Zelle network. In March 2025, the Court dismissed the complaint with prejudice at the request of the CFPB.
*     *     *
In addition to the various legal proceedings discussed above, JPMorganChase and its subsidiaries are named as defendants or are otherwise involved in a substantial number of other legal proceedings. The Firm believes it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted against it in its currently outstanding legal proceedings and it intends to defend itself vigorously. Additional legal proceedings may be initiated from time to time in the future.
The Firm has established reserves for several hundred of its currently outstanding legal proceedings. In accordance with the provisions of U.S. GAAP for contingencies, the Firm accrues for a litigation-related liability when it is probable that such a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Firm evaluates its outstanding legal proceedings each quarter to assess its litigation reserves, and makes adjustments in such reserves, upward or downward, as appropriate, based on management’s best judgment after consultation with counsel. The Firm’s legal expense was $
121
million and $(
72
) million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. There is no assurance that the Firm’s litigation reserves will not need to be adjusted in the future.
In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal proceedings, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the matters present novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or are in early stages of discovery, the Firm cannot state with confidence what will be the eventual outcomes of the currently pending matters, the timing of their ultimate resolution or the eventual losses, fines, penalties or consequences related to those matters. JPMorganChase believes, based upon its current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, consideration of the material legal proceedings