rates). In this analysis, when the change cannot be isolated to either volume or rate, it has been allocated to volume. The annual rates include the impact of changes in market rates, as well as the impact of any change in composition of the various products within each category of asset or liability. This analysis is calculated separately for each category without consideration of the relationship between categories (for example, the net spread between the rates earned on assets and the rates paid on liabilities that fund those assets). As a result, changes in the granularity or groupings considered in this analysis would produce a different attribution result, and due to the complexities involved, precise allocation of changes in interest rates between volume and rates is inherently complex and judgmental.
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
2023 Form 10-K:
Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
ABS:
Asset-backed securities
Active foreclosures:
Loans referred to foreclosure where formal foreclosure proceedings are ongoing. Includes both judicial and non-judicial states.
AFS:
Available-for-sale
ALCO:
Asset Liability Committee
Alternative assets “Alternatives”
: The following types of assets constitute alternative investments - hedge funds, currency, real estate, private equity and other investment funds designed to focus on nontraditional strategies
Amortized cost:
Amount at which a financing receivable or investment is originated or acquired, adjusted for accretion or amortization of premium, discount, and net deferred fees or costs, collection of cash, charge-offs, foreign exchange, and fair value hedge accounting adjustments. For AFS securities, amortized cost is also reduced by any impairment losses recognized in earnings. Amortized cost is not reduced by the allowance for credit losses, except where explicitly presented net.
AOCI:
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
ARM:
Adjustable rate mortgage(s)
AUC: “Assets under custody”:
Represents assets held directly or indirectly on behalf of clients under safekeeping, custody and servicing arrangements.
AUM: “Assets under management”:
Represent assets managed by AWM on behalf of its Private Banking, Institutional and Retail clients. Includes “Committed capital not Called.”
Auto loan and lease origination volume:
Dollar amount of auto loans and leases originated.
AWM:
Asset & Wealth Management
Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs:
Represents the interest of third-party holders of debt, equity securities, or other obligations, issued by VIEs that JPMorganChase consolidates.
Benefit obligation:
Refers to the projected benefit obligation for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans.
BHC:
Bank holding company
BWM:
Banking & Wealth Management
Bridge Financing Portfolio:
A portfolio of held-for-sale unfunded loan commitments and funded loans. The unfunded