Includes foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of related derivatives.
(b)
Includes the impact of the CECL capital transition provisions and the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles. Refer to
Note 1 for additional information on changes in accounting principles and
Note 27 for additional information on the CECL capital transition provisions.
(c)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, i
ncluded an incremental $541 million and
$655 million
allowance for credit losses, respectively, on certain assets associated with First Republic to which the Standardized approach has been applied, as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules.
Management’s discussion and analysis
RWA rollforward
The following table presents changes in the components of RWA under Basel III Standardized and Advanced approaches for the year ended December 31, 2024. The amounts in the rollforward categories are estimates, based on the predominant driver of the change.
(a)
Model & data changes refer to material movements in levels of RWA as a result of revised methodologies and/or treatment per regulatory guidance (exclusive of rule changes).
(b)
Movement in portfolio levels (inclusive of rule changes) refers to: for Credit risk RWA, changes in book size, changes in composition and credit quality, market movements, and deductions for excess eligible allowances for credit losses not eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 capital; for Market risk RWA, changes in position and market movements; and for Operational risk RWA, updates to cumulative losses and macroeconomic model inputs.
(c)
As of December 31, 2024 and
2023
, the Basel III Standardized Credit risk RWA included wholesale and retail off balance-sheet RWA of $208.0 billion and $208.5 billion, respectively; and the Basel III Advanced Credit risk RWA included wholesale and retail off balance-sheet RWA of $192.1 billion and $188.5 billion, respectively.
(d)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023
, Credit risk RWA reflected approximately $43.3 billion and $52.4 billion, respectively, of RWA calculated under the Standardized approach for certain assets associated with First Republic as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules.
Refer to the Firm’s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website, for further information on Credit risk RWA, Market risk RWA and Operational risk RWA.
Supplementary leverage ratio
The following table presents the components of the Firm’s SLR.
(a)
For purposes of calculating the SLR, includes quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill, inclusive of estimated equity method goodwill, other intangible assets and adjustments for the CECL capital transition provisions. Refer to Note 27 for additional information on the CECL capital transition.
(b)
Adjusted average assets used for the calculation of Tier 1 leverage