reflecting strong net inflows and higher average market levels.
Revenue from Global Private Bank was $3.1 billion, up 10%, driven by:
•
higher noninterest revenue as a result of:
–
higher management fees due to strong net inflows and higher brokerage fees,
partially offset by
–
a decline in the amortization of the fair value discount on certain acquired lending-related commitments associated with First Republic that have expired, and
•
higher net interest income, largely driven by higher average deposits.
Noninterest expense was $3.7 billion, up 7%, largely driven by:
•
higher compensation, primarily revenue-related compensation and continued growth in private banking advisor teams, as well as
•
higher distribution fees.
The provision for credit losses was a net benefit of $10 million, compared with a net benefit of $57 million in the prior year.
Refer to Note 5 for additional information on lending related fees.
Refer to Credit and Investment Risk Management on pages 47-64 and Allowance for Credit Losses on pages 61-63 for further discussions of the credit portfolios and the allowance for credit losses.
27
(a)
Represents the Morningstar Rating for all domiciled funds except for Japan domiciled funds which use Nomura. Includes only Asset Management retail active open-ended mutual funds and active ETFs that have a rating. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil domiciled funds.
(b)
Quartile ranking sourced from Morningstar, Lipper and Nomura based on country of domicile. Includes only Asset Management
retail active open-ended mutual funds and active ETFs that are ranked by the aforementioned sources. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil domiciled funds.
(c)
Loans, deposits and related credit data and quality statistics relate to the Global Private Bank business.
(d)
In the first quarter of 2025, 130 employees were transferred to Corporate as a result of the centralization of certain functions.
(e)
Includes $107 million of nonaccrual loans held-for-sale at March 31, 2025, which are excluded from the allowance coverage ratio calculations.
Client assets
Assets under management of $4.1 trillion and client assets of $6.0 trillion were each up 15%, driven by continued net inflows and higher market levels.
(a)
Includes CCB client investment assets invested in managed accounts and J.P. Morgan mutual funds where AWM is the investment manager.
(b)
In the first quarter of 2025, the Firm realigned certain client assets from Private Banking to Global Funds to reflect them in the client segment where the assets are invested. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation.
28
(a)    Consists of Global Private Bank in AWM and client investment assets in J.P. Morgan Wealth Management in CCB.
(b)    Relates to an equity plan administration business which was acquired in 2022 with the Firm’s purchase of Global Shares. The increase in 2025 includes the impact of onboarding