are established as key measures of an LOB’s performance.
The Firm’s current equity allocation methodology incorporates Basel III Standardized RWA and the GSIB surcharge, both under rules currently in effect, as well as a simulation of capital depletion in a severe stress environment. At least annually, the assumptions, judgments and methodologies used to allocate capital are reassessed and, as a result, the capital allocated to the LOBs and Corporate may change.
Segment & Corporate results
The following table provides a summary of results for the Firm’s reportable business segments and Corporate activities as of or for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts with the reported U.S. GAAP results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm as a whole (and for each of the reportable business segments and Corporate) on an FTE basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. This allows management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-to-year arising from both taxable and tax-exempt
sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense/(benefit). These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a whole or by the each of the LOBs and Corporate.
The Operating Committee reviews segment results including net interest income, noninterest revenue, noninterest expense, provision for credit losses and net income on a managed basis. The Operating Committee uses these measures to evaluate segment performance and to make key operating decisions, including resource and capital allocations.
Segment & Corporate results and reconciliation
(a)
Notes to consolidated financial statements
(a)
Segment results on a managed basis reflect revenue on a FTE basis with the corresponding income tax impact recorded within income tax expense/(benefit). These adjustments are eliminated in reconciling items to arrive at the Firm’s reported U.S. GAAP results. In addition, effective January 1, 2024, the Firm adopted updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures guidance, under the modified retrospective method. Refer to Notes 1, 6, 14 and 25 for additional information.
(b)
Excludes expense related to services provided by Corporate support units, which is allocated from Corporate to each respective reportable business segment, as applicable, through noncompensation expense.
(c)
Reflects occupancy; technology, communications and equipment; professional and outside services; marketing; and other expense. Refer to Note 6 for additional information on other expense.
(d)
Certain services are provided by Corporate and used by each of the reportable business segments. The costs of these services, including compensation-related