on pages 67–69 for a further discussion of each of these measures.
Business segment highlights
Selected business metrics for each of the Firm’s lines of business (“LOB”) are presented below for the full year of 2024.
(a)  Excludes Commercial Card.
(b)    Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days.
(c)  Reflects the reorganization of the Firm's business segments. Refer to Business Segment & Corporate Results on pages 70–90 for additional information.
(d)  Represents client deposits and other third-party liabilities pertaining to the Payments and Securities Services businesses.
(e)  In the fourth quarter of 2023, CCB transferred certain deposits associated with First Republic to AWM and CIB.
Refer to the Business Segment & Corporate Results on pages 70–90 for a detailed discussion of results by business segment.
Credit provided and capital raised
JPMorganChase continues to support consumers, businesses and communities around the globe. The Firm provided new and renewed credit and raised capital for wholesale and consumer clients during 2024, consisting of approximately:
(a)    Includes Individuals and Individual Entities primarily consisting of Global Private Bank clients within AWM.
(b)  Includes states, municipalities, hospitals and universities.
Recent events
•
On January 14, 2025, JPMorganChase announced new responsibilities for several of its senior executives:
–
Daniel Pinto, President and Chief Operating Officer (“COO”), will retire at the end of 2026. Mr. Pinto will relinquish his responsibilities as President and COO as of June 30, 2025. He will continue to serve the Firm as Vice Chairman through the end of 2026.
–
Jennifer Piepszak, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Commercial & Investment Bank (“CIB”), was named a COO of the Firm, effective January 14, 2025.
–
Doug Petno, Co-head of Global Banking, succeeded Ms. Piepszak as Co-Chief Executive Officer of CIB.
•
On December 12, 2024, the Firm announced that Michele G. Buck, 63, had been elected as a director of the Firm, effective March 17, 2025. Ms. Buck is Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of The Hershey Company.
Outlook
These current expectations are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorganChase’s management, speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Refer to Forward-Looking Statements on page 167 and Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors on pages 10-37 of this Form 10-K for a further discussion of certain of those risks and uncertainties and the other factors that could cause JPMorganChase’s actual results to differ materially because of those risks and uncertainties. There is no assurance that actual results in 2025 will be in line with the outlook information set forth below, and the Firm does not undertake to update any forward-looking