Note 1, 6 and 14 for further information.
Results from U.S. and non-U.S. earnings
The following table presents the U.S. and non-U.S. components of income before income tax expense.
(a)
For purposes of this table, non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S.
The Firm will recognize any U.S. income tax expense it may incur on global intangible low tax income as income tax expense in the period in which the tax is incurred.
Deferred taxes
Deferred income tax expense/(benefit) reflects the differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting purposes versus income tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management’s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. If a deferred tax asset is determined to be unrealizable, a valuation allowance is established.
The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected in the following table, the net deferred tax assets are reflected in other assets on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets.
(a)
Includes the estimated net deferred tax asset associated with the First Republic acquisition.
JPMorganChase has recorded deferred tax assets of $
352
million at December 31, 2024 in connection with tax attribute carryforwards. State and local capital loss carryforwards were $
914
million, U.S. federal NOL carryforwards were $
496
million, non-U.S. NOL carryforwards were $
958
million, and other U.S. federal tax attributes were $
111
million. If not utilized, a portion of the U.S. federal NOL carryforwards and other U.S. federal tax attributes will expire between 2026 and 2036 whereas others have an unlimited carryforward period. Similarly, certain non-U.S. NOL carryforwards will expire between 2026 and 2041 whereas others have an unlimited carryforward period. The state and local capital loss carryforwards will expire in 2026.
The valuation allowance at December 31, 2024, was predominantly driven by certain non-U.S. deferred tax assets, including NOL carryforwards.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Unrecognized tax benefits
At December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, JPMorganChase’s unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest expense and penalties, were $
6.2
billion, $
5.4
billion and $
5.0
billion, respectively, of which $
4.4
billion, $
3.9
billion and $
3.8
billion, respectively, if recognized, would reduce the annual effective tax rate. Included in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits are certain items that would not affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized in the Consolidated statements of income. These unrecognized items include the tax effect of certain temporary differences, the portion of gross state and local unrecognized tax benefits that would be offset by the benefit from associated U.S. federal income tax deductions, and the portion of gross non-U.S. unrecognized tax benefits that would have offsets in other jurisdictions. JPMorganChase