periodic phishing tests. The Firm also provides specialized security training to
Management’s discussion and analysis
employees in specific roles, such as application developers. The Firm’s Global Privacy Program requires all employees to take periodic training on data privacy that focuses on confidentiality and security, as well as responding to unauthorized access to or use of information.
Technology Resiliency
, which establishes control requirements for planning and testing the prioritized recovery of technology services in the event of degradation or outage, including incident response planning, data backup and retention, and recovery readiness in support of the Firmwide Business Resiliency Program and operational risk management practices.
The Firm has a cybersecurity incident response plan designed to enable the Firm to respond to attempted cybersecurity incidents, coordinate as appropriate with law enforcement and other government agencies, notify clients and customers, as applicable, and recover from such incidents. In addition, the Firm actively partners with appropriate government and law enforcement agencies and peer industry forums, participating in discussions and simulations to assist in understanding the full spectrum of cybersecurity risks and in enhancing defenses and improving resiliency in the Firm’s operating environment.
Governance and oversight
The governance structure for the Global Cybersecurity and Technology Controls organization is designed to appropriately identify, escalate and mitigate cybersecurity risks.
Cybersecurity risk management and its governance and oversight are integrated into the Firm’s operational risk management framework, including through the escalation of key risk and control issues to management and the development of risk mitigation plans for heightened risk and control issues.
IRM independently assesses and challenges the activities and risk management practices of the Global Cybersecurity and Technology Controls organization related to the identification, assessment, measurement and mitigation of cybersecurity risk.
As needed, the Firm engages third-party assessors or auditing firms with industry-recognized expertise on cybersecurity matters to review specific aspects of the Firm’s cybersecurity risk management framework, processes and controls.
The governance and oversight for cybersecurity risk management includes governance forums that inform management of key areas of concern regarding the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity risks.
The Cybersecurity and Technology Controls Operating Committee (“CTOC”) is the principal management committee that oversees the Firm’s assessment and management of cybersecurity risk, including oversight of the implementation and maintenance of appropriate controls in support of the Firm’s Information Security Program.
The membership of the CTOC includes senior representatives from the Global Cybersecurity and Technology Controls