worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.4 trillion in assets and $351.4 billion in stockholders’ equity as of March 31, 2025. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers, predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally.
JPMorganChase’s principal bank subsidiary is JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”), a national banking association with U.S. branches in 48 states and Washington, D.C. JPMorganChase’s principal non-bank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“J.P. Morgan Securities”), a U.S. broker-dealer. The bank and non-bank subsidiaries of JPMorganChase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. The Firm’s principal operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are J.P. Morgan Securities
plc and J.P. Morgan SE (“JPMSE”), which are subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and are based in the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) and Germany, respectively.
For management reporting purposes, the Firm has three reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”), Commercial & Investment Bank (“CIB”) and Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”) – with the remaining activities in Corporate. The Firm's consumer business segment is CCB, and the Firm's wholesale business segments are CIB and AWM. Refer to Business Segment & Corporate Results on pages 17-31 and Note 25 of this Form 10-Q, and Note 32 of JPMorganChase's 2024 Form 10-K, for a description of the Firm’s reportable business segments and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases, as well as a description of Corporate activities.
The Firm's website is www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorganChase makes available on its website, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such material to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at www.sec.gov. JPMorganChase makes new and important information about the Firm available on its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com, including on the Investor Relations section of its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/ir. Information on the Firm's website, including documents on the website that are referenced in this Form 10-Q, is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-Q or the Firm’s other filings with the SEC.
4
This executive overview of the MD&A highlights selected information and does not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Form 10-Q. For a complete description of the trends