their respective eligible HQLA and estimated net cash outflows as a result of ongoing business activity and from the impacts of Federal Reserve actions as well as other factors.
Refer to page 109 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K and the Firm’s U.S. LCR Disclosure reports for additional information on HQLA and net cash outflows.
Internal stress testing
The Firm conducts internal liquidity stress testing to monitor liquidity positions at the Firm and its material legal entities under a variety of adverse scenarios, including scenarios analyzed as part of the Firm’s resolution and recovery planning. Internal stress tests are produced on a daily basis, and other stress tests are performed in response to specific market events or concerns. Results of stress tests are considered in the formulation of the Firm’s funding plan and assessment of its liquidity position.
The Firm manages liquidity at the Parent Company, the Intermediate Holding Company (“IHC”), and operating subsidiaries at levels sufficient to comply with liquidity risk tolerances and minimum liquidity requirements, and to manage through periods of stress when access to normal funding sources may be disrupted.
40
Liquidity sources
In addition to the assets reported in the Firm’s eligible HQLA discussed above, the Firm had unencumbered marketable securities, such as equity and debt securities, that the Firm believes would be available to raise liquidity. This includes excess eligible HQLA securities at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that are not transferable to non-bank affiliates. The fair value of these securities was approximately $635 billion and $594 billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, although the amount of liquidity that could be raised at any particular time would be dependent on prevailing market conditions. The increase compared to December 31, 2024, was driven by an increase in unencumbered CIB trading assets, largely offset by a decrease in excess eligible HQLA securities at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
The Firm had approximately $1.5 trillion and $1.4 trillion of available cash and securities as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. For each respective period, the amount was comprised of eligible end-of-period HQLA, excluding the impact of regulatory haircuts, of approximately $881 billion and $834 billion, and unencumbered marketable securities with a fair value of approximately $635 billion and $594 billion.
The Firm also had available borrowing capacity at the Federal Home Loan Banks ("FHLBs") and the discount window at the Federal Reserve Banks as a result of collateral pledged by the Firm to such banks of approximately $408 billion and $413 billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. This borrowing capacity excludes the benefit of cash and securities reported in the Firm’s eligible HQLA or other unencumbered securities that are currently pledged at the Federal Reserve Banks discount window and other central