to the Firm for points earned by cardholders enrolled in credit card rewards programs generally tied to sales transactions.
•
Partner payments:
Payments to co-brand credit card partners based on the cost of loyalty program rewards earned by cardholders on credit card transactions.
Net yield on interest-earning assets:
The average rate for interest-earning assets less the average rate paid for all sources of funds.
NFA:
National Futures Association
NM
:
Not meaningful
Nonaccrual loans
: Loans for which interest income is not recognized on an accrual basis. Loans (other than credit card loans and certain consumer loans insured by U.S. government agencies) are placed on nonaccrual status when full payment of principal and interest is not expected, regardless of delinquency status, or when principal and interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. Collateral-dependent loans are typically maintained on nonaccrual status.
Nonperforming assets:
Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans, nonperforming derivatives and certain assets acquired in loan satisfactions, predominantly real estate owned and other commercial and personal property.
NSFR:
Net Stable Funding Ratio
OCC
: Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
OCI
: Other comprehensive income/(loss)
175
OPEB
: Other postretirement employee benefit
Operating losses:
Primarily refer to fraud losses associated with customer deposit accounts, credit and debit cards; exclude legal expense
OTC
: “Over-the-counter derivatives”:
Derivative contracts that are negotiated, executed and settled bilaterally between two derivative counterparties, where one or both counterparties is a derivatives dealer.
OTC cleared
: “Over-the-counter cleared derivatives”:
Derivative contracts that are negotiated and executed bilaterally, but subsequently settled via a central clearing house, such that each derivative counterparty is only exposed to the default of that clearing house.
Overhead ratio:
Noninterest expense as a percentage of total net revenue.
Parent Company:
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Participating securities:
represents unvested share-based compensation awards containing nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (collectively, “dividends”), which are included in the earnings per share calculation using the two-class method. JPMorganChase grants restricted stock and RSUs to certain employees under its share-based compensation programs, which entitle the recipients to receive nonforfeitable dividends during the vesting period on a basis equivalent to the dividends paid to holders of common stock. These unvested awards meet the definition of participating securities. Under the two-class method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to each class of common stock and participating securities, based on their respective rights to receive dividends.
PCD:
“Purchased credit deteriorated” assets