changes in market values are representative of the distribution of potential outcomes in the immediate future. The Firm believes the use of Risk Management VaR provides a daily measure of risk that is closely aligned to risk management decisions made by the LOBs and Corporate and, along with other market risk measures, provides the appropriate information needed to respond to risk events.
The Firm’s Risk Management VaR is calculated assuming a one-day holding period and an expected tail-loss methodology which approximates a 95% confidence level. Risk Management VaR provides a consistent framework to measure risk profiles and levels of diversification across product types and is used for aggregating risks and monitoring limits across businesses. VaR results are reported as appropriate to various groups including senior management, the Board Risk Committee and regulators.
Underlying the overall VaR model framework are individual VaR models that simulate historical market returns for individual risk factors and/or product types. To capture material market risks as part of the Firm’s risk management framework, comprehensive VaR model calculations are performed daily for businesses whose activities give rise to market risk. These VaR models are granular and incorporate numerous risk factors and inputs to simulate daily changes in market values over the historical period; inputs are selected based on the risk profile of each portfolio, as sensitivities and historical time series used to generate daily market values may be different across product types or risk management systems. The VaR model results across all portfolios are aggregated at the Firm level.
As VaR is based on historical data, it is an imperfect measure of market risk exposure and potential future losses. In addition, based on their reliance on available historical data, limited time horizons, and other factors, VaR measures are inherently limited in their ability to measure certain risks and to predict losses, particularly those associated with market illiquidity and sudden or severe shifts in market conditions.
For certain products, specific risk parameters are not captured in VaR due to the lack of liquidity and availability of appropriate historical data. The Firm uses proxies to estimate the VaR for these and other products when daily time series are not available. It is likely that using an actual price-based time series for these products, if available, would affect the VaR results presented. The Firm therefore considers other nonstatistical measures such as stress testing, in addition to VaR, to capture and manage its market risk positions.
As VaR model calculations require daily data and a consistent source for valuation, the daily market data used may be different than the independent third-party data collected for VCG price testing in its monthly valuation process. For example, in cases where market prices are not observable, or where proxies are used in VaR historical time