guidelines; these loans are typically insured or guaranteed by another U.S. government agency. The Firm does not consolidate the securitization vehicles underlying these transactions as it is not the primary beneficiary. For a limited number of loan sales, the Firm is obligated to share a portion of the credit risk associated with the sold loans with the purchaser. Refer to Note 22 of this Form 10-Q for additional information about the Firm’s loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications and Note 14 for additional information about the impact of the Firm’s sale of certain excess MSRs.
The following table summarizes the activities related to loans sold to the U.S. GSEs, and loans in securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines.
(a)
Includes securities from U.S. GSEs and Ginnie Mae that are generally sold shortly after receipt or retained as part of the Firm’s investment securities portfolio.
(b)
Included in level 2 assets.
(c)
Excludes the value of MSRs retained upon the sale of loans.
(d)
Gains/(losses) on loan sales include the value of MSRs.
(e)
The carrying value of the loans accounted for at fair value approximated the proceeds received upon loan sale.
147
Options to repurchase delinquent loans
In addition to the Firm’s obligation to repurchase certain loans due to material breaches of representations and warranties as discussed in Note 22, the Firm also has the option to repurchase delinquent loans that it services for Ginnie Mae loan pools, as well as for other U.S. government agencies under certain arrangements. The Firm typically elects to repurchase delinquent loans from Ginnie Mae loan pools as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with the applicable requirements, and such loans continue to be insured or guaranteed. When the Firm’s repurchase option becomes exercisable, such loans must be reported on the Consolidated balance sheets as a loan with a corresponding liability. Refer to Note 11 for additional information.
The following table presents loans the Firm repurchased or had an option to repurchase, real estate owned, and foreclosed government-guaranteed residential mortgage loans recognized on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Substantially all of these loans and real estate are insured or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies.
(a)
Primarily all of these amounts relate to loans that have been repurchased from Ginnie Mae loan pools.
(b)
Relates to voluntary repurchases of loans, which are included in accrued interest and accounts receivable.
Loan delinquencies and liquidation losses
The table below includes information about components of and delinquencies related to nonconsolidated securitized financial assets held in Firm-sponsored private-label securitization entities, in which the Firm has continuing involvement as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. For loans sold or securitized where servicing is the