Director and above.
(f)
Excludes Brad D. Smith and Michele G. Buck, who were elected to the Firm’s Board of Directors, effective January 21, 2025 and March 17, 2025, respectively.
(g)
The Firm has not asked members of the Board of Directors to self-identify disability status.
Attracting and retaining employees
The goal of JPMorganChase’s recruitment efforts is to attract and hire highly qualified candidates in all roles and at all career levels. The Firm’s hiring practices focus on the skills and qualifications of a candidate relative to the job requirements.
The Firm strives to provide both external candidates and internal employees who are seeking a different role with challenging and stimulating career opportunities. These opportunities range from internship training programs for students to entry-level, management and executive careers. During 2024, approximately 56% of the Firm’s employment opportunities were filled by external candidates, with the remainder filled by existing employees.
Developing employees
JPMorganChase supports the professional development and career growth of its employees. The Firm requires that its employees, including new hires, complete a training curriculum which covers, among other topics, compliance with the Firm’s Code of Conduct and information concerning Firm policies and standards, including those relating to cybersecurity. In addition, the Firm offers extensive voluntary training programs and educational resources to all employees covering a broad variety of topics such as leadership and management, artificial intelligence, data literacy and operational and professional skills. Leadership Edge, the Firm’s global leadership and management development center of excellence, is focused on creating one Firmwide leadership culture.
Compensation and benefits
The Firm provides market-competitive compensation and benefits programs. JPMorganChase’s compensation philosophy includes guiding principles that drive compensation-related decisions across the Firm, and includes: pay-for-performance practices designed to attract and retain top talent; responsiveness and alignment with shareholder interests; and reinforcement of the Firm’s culture. The Firm follows a disciplined and balanced compensation framework, including the integration of risk, controls and conduct considerations. The Firm’s compensation review processes seek to ensure that the Firm’s employees are paid fairly and competitively for the work they do.
JPMorganChase offers extensive benefits and wellness packages to support employees and their families, which vary depending on location and include healthcare coverage, retirement benefits, life and disability insurance, access to on-site health and wellness centers, counseling and resources related to mental health, time away policies, child care access and support, tuition assistance, and financial coaching.
Part I
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could