billion, respectively, of securities purchased under resale agreements; $
42.9
billion and $
50.7
billion, respectively, of securities borrowed; $
40.9
billion and $
30.0
billion, respectively, of securities sold under repurchase agreements; and securities loaned and other which were not material
.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
The tables below present as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 the types of financial assets pledged in securities financing agreements and the remaining contractual maturity of the securities financing agreements.
Transfers not qualifying for sale accounting
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Firm held $
805
million and $
505
million, respectively, of financial assets for which the rights have been transferred to third parties; however, the transfers did not qualify as a sale in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These transfers have been recognized as collateralized financing transactions. The transferred assets are recorded in trading assets and loans, and the corresponding liabilities are recorded primarily in short-term borrowings and long-term debt on the Consolidated balance sheets.
Note 12 –
Loans
Loan accounting framework
The accounting for a loan depends on management’s strategy for the loan. The Firm accounts for loans based on the following categories:
•
Originated or purchased loans held-for-investment (i.e., “retained”)
•
Loans held-for-sale
•
Loans at fair value
The following provides a detailed accounting discussion of the Firm’s loans by category:
Loans held-for-investment
Originated or purchased loans held-for-investment, including PCD, are recorded at amortized cost, reflecting the principal amount outstanding, net of the following: unamortized deferred loan fees, costs, premiums or discounts; charge-offs; collection of cash; and foreign exchange. Credit card loans also include billed finance charges and fees.
Interest income
Interest income on performing loans held-for-investment is accrued and recognized as interest income at the contractual rate of interest. Purchase price discounts or premiums, as well as net deferred loan fees or costs, are recognized in interest income over the contractual life of the loan as an adjustment of yield.
The Firm classifies accrued interest on loans, including accrued but unbilled interest on credit card loans, in accrued interest and accounts receivables on the Consolidated balance sheets. For credit card loans, accrued interest once billed is then recognized in the loan balances, with the related allowance recorded in the allowance for credit losses. Changes in the allowance for credit losses on accrued interest on credit card loans are recognized in the provision for credit losses and charge-offs are recognized by reversing interest income. For other loans, the Firm generally does not recognize an allowance for credit losses on accrued interest receivables, consistent with its policy to write them off no later than
90
days past due by reversing interest income.