and loan
syndications. Source: Dealogic, a third-party provider of investment banking competitive analysis and volume based league tables for the above noted industry products.
RHS
: Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
ROE:
Return on equity
ROTCE:
Return on tangible common equity
ROU assets:
Right-of-use assets
RSU(s)
: Restricted stock units
176
RWA
: “Risk-weighted assets”:
Basel III establishes two comprehensive approaches for calculating RWA (a Standardized approach and an Advanced approach) which include capital requirements for credit risk, market risk, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, also operational risk. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced.
S&P
: Standard and Poors
SA-CCR:
Standardized Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk
SAR as it pertains to Hong Kong:
Special Administrative Region
SAR(s) as it pertains to employee stock awards
: Stock appreciation rights
SCB
: Stress capital buffer
Scored portfolios:
Consumer loan portfolios that predominantly include residential real estate loans, credit card loans, auto loans to individuals and certain small business loans.
SEC
: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Securitized Products Group:
Comprised of Securitized Products and tax-oriented investments.
Seed capital:
Initial JPMorgan capital invested in products, such as mutual funds, with the intention of ensuring the fund is of sufficient size to represent a viable offering to clients, enabling pricing of its shares, and allowing the manager to develop a track record. After these goals are achieved, the intent is to remove the Firm’s capital from the investment.
Shelf securities:
Securities registered with the SEC under a shelf registration statement that have not been issued, offered or sold. These securities are not included in league tables until they have actually been issued
.
Single-name
: Single reference-entities
SLR
: Supplementary leverage ratio
SMBS:
Stripped Mortgage-Backed Securities
SOFR:
Secured Overnight Financing Rate
SPEs
: Special purpose entities
Structural interest rate risk:
represents interest rate risk of the non-trading assets and liabilities of the Firm.
Structured notes
: Structured notes are financial instruments whose cash flows are linked to the
movement in one or more indexes, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodities prices, prepayment rates, underlying reference pool of loans or other market variables. The notes typically contain embedded (but not separable or detachable)