it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products. These advances have also allowed financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic securities and cryptocurrency trading, lending and other extensions of credit to consumers, payments processing and online automated algorithmic-based investment advice. Furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk that payments processing and other products and services, including deposits and other traditional banking products, could be significantly disrupted by the use of new technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and other applications using secure distributed ledgers, that may not require intermediation. New technologies have required and could require JPMorganChase to spend more to modify or adapt its products to attract and retain clients and customers or to match products and services offered by its competitors, including technology companies. In addition, new technologies may be used by customers, or breached or infiltrated by third parties, in unexpected ways, which can increase JPMorganChase’s costs for complying with laws, rules and regulations that apply to the offering of products and services through those technologies and reduce the income that JPMorganChase earns from providing products and services through those technologies.
Ongoing or increased competition may put pressure on the pricing for JPMorganChase’s products and services or may cause JPMorganChase to lose market share, particularly with respect to traditional banking products. This competition may be based on quality and variety of products and services offered, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. The failure of any of JPMorganChase’s businesses to meet the expectations of clients and customers, whether due to general market conditions, under-performance, a decision not to offer a particular product or service, changes in client and customer expectations or other factors, could affect JPMorganChase’s ability to attract or retain clients and customers. Any such impact could, in turn, reduce
Part I
JPMorganChase’s revenues. Increased competition also may require JPMorganChase to make additional capital investments in its businesses, or to extend more of its capital on behalf of its clients to remain competitive.
The effects of climate change could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s business and operations, both directly and as a result of impacts on its clients and customers.
JPMorganChase operates in many regions, countries and communities around the world where its business, and the activities of its clients and customers, could be adversely affected by climate change. Climate change could manifest as a financial risk to JPMorganChase either through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a lower-carbon