mitigated by factors such as the short-term nature of the activity, the fair value of collateral held and the Firm’s right to call for, and the borrower’s obligation to provide, additional margin when the fair value of the collateral declines. Because of these mitigating factors, these receivables generally do not require an allowance for credit losses. However, if in management’s judgment, an allowance for credit losses is required, the Firm estimates expected credit losses based on the value of the collateral and probability of borrower default. These receivables are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets.
Refer to Note 13 for further information on the Firm’s accounting policies for the allowance for credit losses.
Derivative contracts
Derivatives enable clients and counterparties to manage risk, including credit risk and risks arising from fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange and equities and commodities prices. The Firm makes markets in derivatives in order to meet these needs and uses derivatives to manage certain risks associated with net open risk positions from its market-making activities, including the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables. The Firm also uses derivative instruments to manage its own credit risk and other market risk exposure. The nature of the counterparty and the settlement mechanism of the
derivative affect the credit risk to which the Firm is exposed. For over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives, the Firm is exposed to the credit risk of the derivative counterparty. For exchange-traded derivatives (“ETD”), such as futures and options, and cleared over-the-counter (“OTC-cleared”) derivatives, the Firm can also be exposed to the credit risk of the relevant CCP. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its credit risk exposures arising from derivative contracts through the use of legally enforceable master netting arrangements and collateral agreements. The percentage of the Firm’s OTC derivative transactions subject to collateral agreements — excluding foreign exchange spot trades, which are not typically covered by collateral agreements due to their short maturity and centrally cleared trades that are settled daily — was approximately 86% and 87% at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 5 for additional information on the Firm’s use of collateral agreements and for a further discussion of derivative contracts, counterparties and settlement types.
The fair value of derivative receivables reported on the Consolidated balance sheets was $61.0 billion and $54.9 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily as a result of market movements. Derivative receivables represent the fair value of the derivative contracts after giving effect to legally enforceable master netting agreements and the related cash collateral held by the Firm.
In addition, the Firm holds liquid securities and