used to value the significant groups of instruments within a product/instrument classification. Where provided, the weighted averages of the input values presented in the table are calculated based on the fair value of the instruments that the input is being used to value.
In the Firm’s view, the input range, weighted and arithmetic average values do not reflect the degree of input uncertainty or an assessment of the reasonableness of the Firm’s estimates and assumptions. Rather, they reflect the characteristics of
the various instruments held by the Firm and the relative distribution of instruments within the range of characteristics. For example, two option contracts may have similar levels of market risk exposure and valuation uncertainty, but may have significantly different implied volatility levels because the option contracts have different underlyings, tenors, or strike prices. The input range and weighted and arithmetic average values will therefore vary from period-to-period and parameter-to-parameter based on the characteristics of the instruments held by the Firm at each balance sheet date.
87
(a)
The categories presented in the table have been aggregated based upon the product type, which may differ from their classification on the Consolidated balance sheets. Furthermore, the inputs presented for each valuation technique in the table are, in some cases, not applicable to every instrument valued using the technique as the characteristics of the instruments can differ.
(b)
Comprises U.S. GSE and government agency securities of $
390
million, nonagency securities of $
5
million and non-trading loans of $
451
million.
(c)
Comprises nonagency securities of $
15
million, trading loans of $
66
million and non-trading loans of $
1.3
billion.
(d)
Comprises trading loans of $
737
million and non-trading loans of $
605
million.
(e)
Long-term debt, short-term borrowings and deposits include structured notes issued by the Firm that are financial instruments that typically contain embedded derivatives. The estimation of the fair value of structured notes includes the derivative features embedded within the instrument. The significant unobservable inputs are broadly consistent with those presented for derivative receivables.
(f)
Includes equity securities of $
764
million including $
631
million in Other assets, for which quoted prices are not readily available and the fair value is generally based on internal valuation techniques such as EBITDA multiples and comparable analysis. All other level 3 assets and liabilities are insignificant both individually and in aggregate.
(g)
Price is a significant unobservable input for certain instruments. When quoted market prices are not readily available, reliance is generally placed on price-based internal valuation techniques. The price input is expressed assuming a par value of $
100
.
(h)
Forward equity price is expressed as a percentage of the current equity price.
(i)
Amounts represent weighted