consolidated financial statements
(a)
Excludes certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
The following table presents the assets and liabilities reported at fair value as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, by major product category and fair value hierarchy.
(a)
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, included total U.S. GSE obligations of $
120.1
billion and $
78.5
billion, respectively, which were mortgage-related.
(b)
Physical commodities inventories are generally accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value. “Net realizable value” is a term defined in U.S. GAAP as not exceeding fair value less costs to sell (“transaction costs”). Transaction costs for the Firm’s physical commodities inventories are either not applicable or immaterial to the value of the inventory. Therefore, net realizable value approximates fair value for the Firm’s physical commodities inventories. When fair value hedging has been applied (or when net realizable value is below cost), the carrying value of physical commodities approximates fair value, because under fair value hedge accounting, the cost basis is adjusted for changes in fair value. Refer to Note 5 for a further discussion of the Firm’s hedge accounting relationships. To provide consistent fair value disclosure information, all physical commodities inventories have been included in each period presented.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
(c)
Balances reflect the reduction of securities owned (long positions) by the amount of identical securities sold but not yet purchased (short positions).
(d)
Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the fair values of these investments, which include certain hedge funds, private equity funds, real estate and other funds, were $
1.0
billion, primarily reported in other assets.
(e)
As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral received and paid when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. The level 3 balances would be reduced if netting were applied, including the netting benefit associated with cash collateral.
Level 3 valuations
The Firm has established well-structured processes for determining fair value, including for instruments where fair value is estimated using significant unobservable inputs (level 3). Refer to pages 181–185 of this Note for further information on the Firm’s valuation process and a detailed discussion of the determination of fair value for individual financial instruments.
Estimating fair value requires the application of judgment. The type and level of judgment required is largely dependent on the amount of observable