series, the data sources may differ. Refer to Valuation process in Note 2 for further information on the Firm’s valuation process.
The Firm’s VaR model calculations are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm’s portfolios, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm’s modeling techniques and measurements, and other factors. Such changes may affect historical comparisons of VaR results. Refer to Estimations and Model Risk Management on page 160 for information regarding model reviews and approvals.
The Firm calculates separately a daily aggregated VaR in accordance with regulatory rules (“Regulatory VaR”), which is used to derive the Firm’s regulatory VaR-based capital requirements under Basel III capital rules. This Regulatory VaR model framework currently assumes a ten business-day holding period and an expected tail-loss methodology which approximates a 99% confidence level. Regulatory VaR is applied to “covered” positions as defined by Basel III capital rules, which may be different than the positions included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR. For example, credit derivative hedges of accrual loans are included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, while Regulatory VaR excludes these credit derivative hedges. In addition, in contrast to the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, Regulatory VaR currently excludes the diversification benefit for certain VaR models.
Refer to JPMorganChase’s Basel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website, for additional information on Regulatory VaR and the other components of market risk regulatory capital for the Firm (e.g., VaR-based measure, stressed VaR-based measure and the respective backtesting).
Management’s discussion and analysis
The table below shows the results of the Firm’s Risk Management VaR measure using a 95% confidence level. VaR can vary significantly as positions change, market volatility fluctuates, and diversification benefits change.
(a)
The impact of the business segment reorganization in the second quarter of 2024 was not material to Total CIB VaR. Prior periods have not been revised. Refer to Business Segment & Corporate Results on pages 70–90 for additional information.
(b)
Diversification benefit represents the difference between the portfolio VaR and the sum of its individual components. This reflects the non-additive nature of VaR due to imperfect correlation across LOBs, Corporate, and risk types. For maximum and minimum VaR, diversification benefit is not meaningful as the maximum and minimum VaR for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the components.
(c)
Includes the derivative CVA, hedges of the CVA and credit protection purchased against certain retained loans and lending-related commitments, which are reported in principal transactions revenue. This VaR does not include the retained loan portfolio, which is not reported at fair value. In line with the