view with respect to possible support from the U.S. government, and its outlook of negative with an "(m)" modifier for J.P. Morgan SE reflects a negative outlook for long-term bank deposits and a positive outlook for the long-term issuer rating.
Refer to page 115 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of the factors that could affect the credit ratings of the Parent Company and the above subsidiaries.
46
Credit and investment risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer; or loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments, including consumer credit risk, wholesale credit risk, and investment portfolio risk. Refer to Consumer Credit Portfolio, Wholesale Credit Portfolio and Allowance for Credit Losses on pages 49-63 for a further discussion of Credit Risk.
Refer to page 64 for a further discussion of Investment Portfolio Risk. Refer to Credit and Investment Risk Management on pages 117–140 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a further discussion of the Firm’s Credit and Investment Risk Management framework.
47
Credit risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer.
In the following tables, total loans include loans retained (i.e., held-for-investment); loans held-for-sale; and certain loans accounted for at fair value. The following tables do not include loans which the Firm accounts for at fair value and classifies as trading assets; refer to Notes 2 and 3 for further information regarding these loans. Refer to Notes 11, 22 and 4 for additional information on the Firm’s loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables.
Refer to Note 9 for information regarding the credit risk inherent in the Firm’s investment securities portfolio; and refer to Note 10 for information regarding credit risk inherent in the securities financing portfolio. Refer to Consumer Credit Portfolio on pages 49-51 and Note 11 for further discussions of the consumer credit environment, consumer loans and nonperforming exposure. Refer to Wholesale Credit Portfolio on pages 52-60 and Note 11 for further discussions of the wholesale credit environment, wholesale loans and nonperforming exposure.
(a)
Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM; these are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets.
(b)
Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives and credit-related notes used to manage credit exposures.
(c)
Excludes mortgage loans past due and insured by U.S. government agencies, which are primarily 90 or more days past due. These loans have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies were $117 million and $121 million,