receivables or loans and liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables.
(g)
Credit exposure includes held-for-sale and fair value option elected lending-related commitments.
(h)
Represents the net notional amounts of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives and credit-related notes used to manage the credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. The All other category includes purchased credit protection on certain credit indices.
55
Presented below is additional detail on certain of the Firm’s industry exposures.
Real Estate
Real Estate exposure was $208.8 billion as of March 31, 2025. Criticized exposure decreased by $292 million from $12.4 billion at December 31, 2024 to $12.1 billion at March 31, 2025.
(a)
Total Multifamily exposure is approximately 99% performing. Multifamily exposure is largely in California.
(b)
Other Income Producing Properties consists of clients with diversified property types or other property types outside of categories listed in the table above.
(c)
Real Estate exposure is approximately 84% secured; unsecured exposure is largely investment-grade primarily to Real Estate Investment Trusts (“REITs”) and Real Estate Operating Companies (“REOCs”) whose underlying assets are generally diversified.
(d)
Represents drawn exposure as a percentage of credit exposure.
56
Consumer & Retail
Consumer & Retail exposure was $128.4 billion as of March 31, 2025. Criticized exposure increased by $279 million from $6.9 billion at December 31, 2024 to $7.2 billion at March 31, 2025, driven by downgrades, largely offset by net portfolio activity.
(a)
Retail consists of Home Improvement & Specialty Retailers, Discount & Drug Stores, Restaurants, Specialty Apparel, Supermarkets, and Department Stores.
(b)
Leisure consists of Arts & Culture, Gaming, Travel Services, and Sports & Recreation. As of March 31, 2025, approximately 89% of the noninvestment-grade Leisure portfolio is secured.
(c)
Consumer & Retail exposure is approximately 58% secured; unsecured exposure is approximately 79% investment-grade.
(d)
Represents drawn exposure as a percent of credit exposure.
57
Loans
In its wholesale businesses, the Firm provides loans to a variety of clients, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to high-net-worth individuals. Refer to Note 11 for a further discussion on loans, including information about delinquencies, loan modifications and other credit quality indicators.
The following table presents the change in the nonaccrual loan portfolio for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. Since March 31, 2024, nonaccrual loan exposure increased by $1.3 billion, predominantly driven by Real Estate, concentrated in Multifamily and Lodging, Technology, Media & Telecommunications, Consumer & Retail and Healthcare, in each case resulting from downgrades primarily offset by net portfolio activity.
The following table presents net charge-