CPP assumption is used to estimate the cost of future point redemptions. These assumptions are evaluated periodically considering historical actuals, cardholder redemption behavior and management judgment. Updates to these assumptions will impact the rewards liability. As of December 31, 2024, a combined increase of 25 basis points in RR and 1 basis point in CPP would increase the rewards liability by approximately $442 million.
Income taxes
JPMorganChase is subject to the income tax laws of the various jurisdictions in which it operates, including U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. jurisdictions. These laws are often complex and may be subject to different interpretations. To determine the financial statement impact of accounting for income taxes, including the provision for income tax expense and unrecognized tax benefits, JPMorganChase must make assumptions and judgments about how to interpret and apply these complex tax laws to numerous transactions and business events, as well as make judgments regarding the timing of when certain items may affect taxable income in the U.S. and non-U.S. tax jurisdictions.
JPMorganChase’s interpretations of tax laws around the world are subject to review and examination by the various taxing authorities in the jurisdictions where the Firm operates, and disputes may occur regarding its view on a tax position. These disputes over interpretations with the various taxing authorities may be settled by audit, administrative appeals or adjudication in the court systems of the tax jurisdictions in which the Firm operates. JPMorganChase regularly reviews whether it may be assessed additional income taxes as a result of the resolution of these matters, and the Firm records additional unrecognized tax benefits, as appropriate. In addition, the Firm may revise its estimate of income taxes due to changes in income tax laws, legal interpretations, and business strategies. It is possible that revisions in the Firm’s estimate of income taxes may materially affect the Firm’s results of operations in any reporting period.
Deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting versus income tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management’s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. Deferred taxes are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized within the provision for income taxes in the period enacted.
The Firm has also recognized deferred tax assets in connection with certain tax attributes, including net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards and foreign tax
credit (“FTC”) carryforwards. The Firm performs regular reviews to ascertain whether its deferred tax assets are realizable. These reviews include management’s estimates and