represent acquired financial assets that as of the date of acquisition have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination, as determined by the Firm.
Pillar 1:
The Basel framework consists of a three “Pillar” approach. Pillar 1 establishes minimum capital requirements, defines eligible capital instruments, and prescribes rules for calculating RWA.
Pillar 3:
The Basel framework consists of a three “Pillar” approach. Pillar 3 encourages market discipline through disclosure requirements which allow market participants to assess the risk and capital profiles of banks.
PRA:
Prudential Regulation Authority
Preferred stock dividends:
reflects dividends declared and deemed dividends upon redemption of preferred stock
Pre-provision profit/(loss):
represents total net revenue less noninterest expense. The Firm believes that this financial measure is useful in assessing the
ability of a lending institution to generate income in excess of its provision for credit losses.
Principal transactions revenue
:
Principal transactions revenue is driven by many factors, including the bid-offer spread, which is the difference between the price at which the Firm is willing to buy a financial or other instrument and the price at which the Firm is willing to sell that instrument. It also consists of realized (as a result of closing out or termination of transactions, or interim cash payments) and unrealized (as a result of changes in valuation) gains and losses on financial and other instruments (including those accounted for under the fair value option) primarily used in client-driven market-making activities and on private equity investments. In connection with its client-driven market-making activities, the Firm transacts in debt and equity instruments, derivatives and commodities (including physical commodities inventories and financial instruments that reference commodities). Principal transactions revenue also includes certain realized and unrealized gains and losses related to hedge accounting and specified risk-management activities, including: (a) certain derivatives designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships (primarily fair value hedges of commodity and foreign exchange risk), (b) certain derivatives used for specific risk management purposes, primarily to mitigate credit risk and foreign exchange risk, and (c) other derivatives.
PSU(s)
: Performance share units
Regulatory VaR:
Daily aggregated VaR calculated in accordance with regulatory rules.
REO:
Real estate owned
Reported basis:
Financial statements prepared under U.S. GAAP, which excludes the impact of taxable-equivalent adjustments.
Retained loans
:
Loans that are held-for-investment (i.e. excludes loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value).
Revenue wallet:
Total fee revenue based on estimates of investment banking fees generated across the industry (i.e., the revenue wallet) from investment banking transactions in M&A, equity and debt underwriting,