financial statements
Changes in level 3 fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
Investments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy increased in 2024 to $
4.0
billion, due to  $
536
million of transfers in and $
415
million in unrealized gains, partially offset by $
123
million in settlements. The net increase in 2023 was due to $
400
million in unrealized gains and $
173
million of transfers in, partially offset by $
59
million in settlements.
Estimated future benefit payments
The following table presents benefit payments expected to be paid for the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans for the years indicated.
Note 9 –
Employee share-based incentives
Employee share-based awards
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, JPMorganChase granted long-term share-based awards to certain employees under its LTIP, as amended and restated effective May 18, 2021, and subsequently amended effective May 21, 2024. Under the terms of the LTIP, as of December 31, 2024,
81
million shares of common stock were available for issuance through May 2028. The LTIP is the only active plan under which the Firm is currently granting share-based incentive awards. In the following discussion, the LTIP constitutes the Firm’s share-based incentive plans.
RSUs are awarded at no cost to the recipient upon their grant. Generally, RSUs are granted annually and vest at a rate of
50
% after
two years
and
50
% after
three years
and are converted into shares of common stock as of the vesting date. In addition, RSUs typically include full-career eligibility provisions, which allow employees to continue to vest upon voluntary termination based on age and/or service-related requirements, subject to post-employment and other restrictions. All RSU awards are subject to forfeiture until vested and contain clawback provisions that may result in cancellation under certain specified circumstances. Predominantly all RSUs entitle the recipient to receive cash payments equivalent to any dividends paid on the underlying common stock during the period the RSUs are outstanding.
Performance share units (“PSUs”) are granted annually, and approved by the Firm’s Board of Directors, to members of the Firm’s Operating Committee under the variable compensation program. PSUs are subject to the Firm’s achievement of specified performance criteria over a
three-year
period. The number of awards that vest can range from
zero
to
150
% of the grant amount. In addition, dividends that accrue during the vesting period are reinvested in dividend equivalent share units. PSUs and the related dividend equivalent share units are converted into shares of common stock after vesting.
Once the PSUs and dividend equivalent share units have vested, the shares of common stock that are delivered, after applicable tax withholding, must be retained for an additional holding period, for a total combined vesting and holding period of approximately
five
to
eight years
from the grant date depending on regulations in