interest entities
Refer to Note 1 on page 177 for a further description of the Firm’s accounting policies regarding consolidation of and involvement with VIEs.
The following table summarizes the most significant types of Firm-sponsored VIEs by business segment. The Firm considers a “Firm-sponsored” VIE to include any entity where: (1) JPMorganChase is the primary beneficiary of the structure; (2) the VIE is used by JPMorganChase to securitize Firm assets; (3) the VIE issues financial instruments with the JPMorganChase name; or (4) the entity is a JPMorganChase–administered asset-backed commercial paper conduit.
The Firm’s other business segments and Corporate are also involved with VIEs (both third-party and Firm-sponsored), but to a lesser extent, as follows:
•
Asset & Wealth Management: AWM sponsors and manages certain funds that are deemed VIEs. As asset manager of the funds, AWM earns a fee based on assets managed; the fee varies with each fund’s investment objective and is competitively priced. For fund entities that qualify as VIEs, AWM’s interests are, in certain cases, considered to be significant variable interests that result in consolidation of the financial results of these entities.
•
Corporate
:
Corporate is involved with entities that may meet the definition of VIEs; however these entities are generally subject to specialized investment company accounting, which does not require the consolidation of investments, including VIEs. In addition, Treasury and CIO invest in securities generally issued by third parties which may meet the definition of VIEs (e.g., issuers of asset-backed securities). In general, the Firm does not have the power to direct the significant activities of these entities and therefore does not consolidate these entities. Refer to Note 10 for further information on the Firm’s investment securities portfolio.
In addition, CIB also invests in and provides financing, lending-related services and other services to VIEs sponsored by third parties. Refer to page 276 of this Note for more information on the VIEs sponsored by third parties.
Significant Firm-sponsored VIEs
Credit card securitizations
CCB’s Card Services business may securitize originated credit card loans, primarily through the Chase Issuance Trust (the “Trust”). The Firm’s continuing involvement in credit card securitizations includes servicing the receivables, retaining an undivided seller’s interest in the receivables, retaining certain senior and subordinated securities and maintaining escrow accounts.
The Firm consolidates the assets and liabilities of its sponsored credit card trusts as it is considered to be the primary beneficiary of these securitization trusts based on the Firm’s ability to direct the activities of these VIEs through its servicing responsibilities and other duties, including making decisions as to the receivables that are transferred into those trusts and as to any related modifications and workouts. Additionally, the nature and