insurance protection that provides additional funding stability and results in a benefit to the LCR. Deposit insurance protection may be available to depositors in the countries in which the deposits are placed. For example, the FDIC provides deposit insurance protection for deposits placed in a U.S. depository institution. At December 31, 2024 and 2023
(a)
, the Firmwide estimated uninsured deposits were $1,414.0 billion and $1,347.8 billion, respectively, primarily reflecting wholesale operating deposits.
Total uninsured deposits include time deposits. The table below presents an estimate of uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. time deposits, and their remaining maturities. The Firm’s estimates of its uninsured U.S. time deposits are based on data that the Firm calculates periodically under applicable FDIC regulations. For purposes of this presentation, all non-U.S. time deposits are deemed to be uninsured.
(a)
Prior-period amounts have been revised to include cash collateral for certain derivatives to align with a change in the methodology for calculating uninsured U.S. time deposits.
The table below shows the loan and deposit balances, the loans-to-deposits ratios, and deposits as a percentage of total liabilities, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The following table provides a summary of the average balances and average interest rates of JPMorganChase’s deposits for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
(a)
Includes Negotiable Order of Withdrawal accounts, and certain trust accounts.
(b)
Includes Money Market Deposit Accounts.
Refer to Note 17 for additional information on deposits.
The following table summarizes short-term and long-term funding, excluding deposits, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and average balances for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Refer to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on pages 63–65 and Note 11 for additional information.
(a)
Primarily consists of short-term securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase.
(b)
Included in beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets.
(c)
Includes certain TLAC-eligible long-term unsecured debt issued by the Parent Company.
(d)
Reflects the Purchase Money Note associated with the First Republic acquisition on May 1, 2023. Refer to Note 34 for additional information.
(e)
Includes long-term structured notes that are secured.
(f)
Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 97–107, Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity on page 175, Note 21 and Note 22 for additional information on preferred stock and common stockholders’ equity.
(g)
Includes the timing impact of First Republic. Refer to the Executive Overview on pages 54–58 and Note 34 for additional information.
Short-term funding
The Firm’s primary source of short-term secured funding is securities sold under agreements to repurchase. These instruments are secured predominantly by high-quality securities