Morningstar Rating for all domiciled funds except for Japan domiciled funds which use Nomura. Includes only Asset Management retail active open-ended mutual funds and active ETFs that have a rating. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil domiciled funds.
(b)
Quartile ranking sourced from Morningstar, Lipper and Nomura based on country of domicile. Includes only Asset Management retail active open-ended mutual funds and active ETFs that are ranked by the aforementioned sources. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil domiciled funds.
(c)
Loans, deposits and related credit data and quality statistics relate to the Global Private Bank business.
(d)
In the fourth quarter of 2023, certain deposits associated with First Republic were transferred to AWM from CCB.
Client assets
2024 compared with 2023
Assets under management were $4.0 trillion and client assets were $5.9 trillion, each up 18%, driven by continued net inflows and higher market levels.
(a)
Includes CCB client investment assets invested in managed accounts and J.P. Morgan mutual funds where AWM is the investment manager.
(a)    Consists of Global Private Bank in AWM and client investment assets in J.P. Morgan Wealth Management in CCB.
(b)
Relates to an equity plan administration business which was acquired in 2022 with the Firm’s purchase of Global Shares. The increase in 2024 includes the impact of onboarding participants in the Firm’s employee stock plans during the fourth quarter of 2024.
(a)
Regional revenue is based on the domicile of the client.
(a)
Included tax-equivalent adjustments, predominantly driven by tax-exempt income from municipal bonds, of $182 million, $211
million and $235 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(b)
Predominantly relates to the Firm's international consumer initiatives.
(c)
Included the net gain related to Visa shares of $7.9 billion recorded in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to Notes 2 and 6 for additional information.
(d)
Included a $1.0 billion contribution of Visa shares to the JPMorgan Chase Foundation recorded in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to Notes 2 and 6 for additional information.
(e)
The first quarter of 2024 included an increase of $725 million to the FDIC special assessment reflecting the FDIC's revised estimate of Deposit Insurance Fund losses. The fourth quarter of 2023 included the $2.9 billion FDIC special assessment.
(f)
Included the estimated bargain purchase gain of $2.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023 associated with the First Republic acquisition. Refer to Notes 6 and 34 for additional information.
(g)
In the second quarter of 2023, substantially all of the expense associated with First Republic was reported in Corporate. Commencing in the third quarter of 2023, the expense was aligned to the appropriate LOBs.
(h)
Income taxes associated with the First Republic acquisition were reflected in the estimated bargain