outcomes of the currently pending matters, the timing of their ultimate resolution or the eventual losses, fines, penalties or consequences related to those matters. JPMorganChase believes, based upon its current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, consideration of the material legal proceedings described above and after taking into account its current litigation reserves and its estimated aggregate range of possible losses, that the other legal proceedings currently pending against it should not have a material adverse effect on the Firm’s consolidated financial condition. The Firm notes, however, that in light of the uncertainties involved in such proceedings, there is no assurance that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the reserves it has currently accrued or that a matter will not have material reputational consequences. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter may be material to JPMorganChase’s operating results for a particular period, depending on, among other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of JPMorganChase’s income for that period.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 31 –
International operations
The following table presents income statement and balance sheet-related information for JPMorganChase by major international geographic area. The Firm defines international activities for purposes of this footnote presentation as business transactions that involve clients residing outside of the U.S., and the information presented below is based predominantly on the domicile of the client, the location from which the client relationship is managed, booking location or the location of the trading desk. However, many of the Firm’s U.S. operations serve international businesses.
As the Firm’s operations are highly integrated, estimates and subjective assumptions have been made to apportion revenue and expense between U.S. and international operations. These estimates and assumptions are consistent with the allocations used for the Firm’s segment reporting as set forth in Note 32.
The Firm’s long-lived assets for the periods presented are not considered by management to be significant in relation to total assets. The majority of the Firm’s long-lived assets are located in the U.S.
(a)
Substantially reflects the U.S.
(b)
Revenue is composed of net interest income and noninterest revenue.
(c)
Expense is composed of noninterest expense and the provision for credit losses.
(d)
Total assets for the U.K. were approximately $
369
billion, $
352
billion and $
357
billion at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Note 32 –
Business segments & Corporate
Business segment reorganization:
Effective in the second quarter of 2024, the Firm reorganized its reportable business segments by combining the former Corporate & Investment Bank and Commercial Banking business segments to form one reportable segment, the Commercial & Investment Bank. As a result of