value of assets subject to leases reported on the Consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents the Firm’s operating lease income and the related depreciation expense on the Consolidated statements of income.
The following table presents future receipts under operating leases as of December 31, 2024.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 19 –
Accounts payable and other liabilities
Accounts payable and other liabilities consist of brokerage payables, which include payables to customers and payables related to security purchases that did not settle, as well as other accrued expenses, such as compensation accruals, credit card rewards liability, merchant servicing payables, operating lease liabilities, accrued interest payables, income tax payables and litigation reserves.
The following table presents the components of accounts payable and other liabilities.
(a)    Includes credit card rewards liability of $
14.4
billion and $
13.2
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The credit card rewards liability represents the estimated cost of rewards points earned and expected to be redeemed by cardholders. The liability is accrued as the cardholder earns the benefit and is reduced when the cardholder redeems points. The redemption rate and cost per point assumptions are key assumptions to estimate the liability and the current period impact is recognized in Card Income.
Refer to Notes 7, 18, 25 and 30 for additional information on accrued interest, operating lease liabilities, income taxes and litigation reserves, respectively.
Note 20 –
Long-term debt
JPMorganChase issues long-term debt denominated in various currencies, predominantly U.S. dollars, with both fixed and variable interest rates. Included in senior and subordinated debt below are various equity-linked or other indexed instruments, which the Firm has elected to measure at fair value. Changes in fair value are recorded in principal transactions revenue in the Consolidated statements of income, except for unrealized gains/(losses) due to DVA which are recorded in OCI.
The following table is a summary of long-term debt carrying values (including unamortized premiums and discounts, issuance costs, valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, where applicable) by remaining contractual maturity as of December 31, 2024.
(a)
Reflects the Purchase Money Note associated with First Republic. Refer to Note 34 for additional information.
(b)
Included long-term debt of $
80.9
billion and $
93.0
billion secured by assets totaling $
185.5
billion and $
218.5
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The amount of long-term debt secured by assets does not include amounts related to hybrid instruments.
(c)
Included $
100.8
billion and $
87.9
billion of long-term debt accounted for at fair value at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(d)
Included $
13.5
billion and $
12.5
billion of outstanding zero-coupon notes at December 31, 2024 and 2023,