that are reflective of current and expected market conditions. These estimates are, in turn, dependent on factors such as the duration of current overall economic conditions, industry, portfolio, or borrower-specific factors, the expected outcome of insolvency proceedings as well as, in certain circumstances, other economic factors. All of these estimates and assumptions require significant management judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective.
Other financial assets
In addition to loans and investment securities, the Firm holds other financial assets that are measured at amortized cost on the Consolidated balance sheets, including credit exposures arising from lending activities subject to collateral maintenance requirements. Management estimates the allowance for other financial assets using various techniques considering historical losses and current economic conditions.
Credit risk arising from lending activities subject to collateral maintenance requirements is generally mitigated by factors such as the short-term nature of the activity, the fair value of collateral held and the Firm’s right to call for, and the borrower’s obligation to provide additional margin when the fair value of the collateral declines. Because of these mitigating factors, these exposures generally do not require an allowance for credit losses. However, management may also consider other factors such as the borrower’s ongoing ability to provide collateral to satisfy margin requirements, or whether collateral is significantly concentrated in an individual issuer or in securities with similar risk characteristics. If in management’s judgment, an allowance for credit losses for these exposures is required, the Firm estimates expected credit losses based on the value of the collateral and probability of borrower default.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Allowance for credit losses and related information
The table below summarizes information about the allowances for credit losses and includes a breakdown of loans and lending-related commitments by impairment methodology. Refer to Note 10 for further information on the allowance for credit losses on investment securities.
(a)
Represents the impact to the allowance for loan losses upon the adoption of the Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Troubled Debt Restructurings accounting guidance. Refer to Note 1 for further information.
(b)
At December 31, 2024 and 2023 and 2022, in addition to the allowance for credit losses in the table above, the Firm also had an allowance for credit losses of $
268
million, $
243
million and $
21
million, respectively, associated with certain accounts receivable in CIB.
(c)
Includes collateral-dependent loans, including those for which foreclosure is deemed probable, and nonaccrual risk-rated loans.
(d)
The allowance for lending-related commitments is reported in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
(e)
At December 31, 2024, 2023