injunctive relief continues, and in September 2021, the District Court granted plaintiffs’ motion for class certification in part, and denied the motion in part. In June 2024, the District Court denied preliminary approval of a settlement of the injunctive class action in which Visa and Mastercard agreed to certain changes to their respective network rules and system-wide reductions in interchange rates for U.S.-based merchants. The parties are considering next steps.
Of the merchants who opted out of the damages class settlement, certain merchants filed individual actions raising similar allegations against Visa and
Mastercard, as well as against the Firm and other banks. While some of those actions remain pending, the defendants have reached settlements with the merchants who opted out representing approximately
80
% of the combined Mastercard-branded and Visa-branded payment card sales volume. A number of these actions are pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and that court has scheduled a trial of the claims brought by several merchants to begin in October 2025.
LIBOR and Other Benchmark Rate Investigations and Litigation
. JPMorganChase has responded to inquiries from various governmental agencies and entities around the world relating primarily to the British Bankers Association’s (“BBA”) London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) for various currencies and the European Banking Federation’s Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”). The Swiss Competition Commission’s investigation of the Firm relating to EURIBOR has been settled, and the Firm paid a penalty and costs of approximately
9
million Swiss franc. The Firm appealed a December 2016 decision by the European Commission against the Firm and other banks finding an infringement of European antitrust rules relating to EURIBOR. In December 2023, the European General Court annulled the fine imposed by the European Commission, but exercised its discretion to re-impose a fine in an identical amount. In March 2024, the Firm filed an appeal of this decision with the Court of Justice of the European Union.
In addition, the Firm has been named as a defendant along with other banks in various individual and putative class actions related to benchmark rates, including U.S. dollar LIBOR. In actions related to U.S. dollar LIBOR during the period that it was administered by the BBA, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted class certification of antitrust claims related to bonds and interest rate swaps sold directly by the defendants, including the Firm. The Firm has obtained dismissal of certain actions and resolved certain other actions, and as to all remaining actions has moved for summary judgment.
In addition, a lawsuit filed by a group of individual plaintiffs asserting antitrust claims, alleging that the Firm and other defendants were engaged in an unlawful agreement to set U.S. dollar LIBOR and conspired to