related income
This revenue category reflects CCB’s Home Lending production and net mortgage servicing revenue.
Production revenue includes fees and income recognized as earned on mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell, and the impact of risk management activities associated with the mortgage pipeline and warehouse loans. Production revenue also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments on mortgage loans held-for-sale (excluding certain repurchased loans insured by U.S. government agencies), and changes in the fair value of financial instruments measured under the fair value option. Net mortgage servicing revenue includes operating revenue earned from servicing third-party mortgage loans, which is recognized over the period in which the service is provided; changes in the fair value of MSRs; the impact of risk management activities associated with MSRs; and gains and losses on securitization of excess mortgage servicing. Net mortgage servicing revenue also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments of certain repurchased loans insured by U.S. government agencies.
Refer to Note 15 for further information on risk management activities and MSRs.
Net interest income from mortgage loans is recorded in interest income.
Card income
This revenue category includes interchange and other income from credit and debit card transactions; and fees earned from processing card transactions for merchants, both of which are recognized when purchases are made by a cardholder and presented net of certain transaction-related costs. Card income also includes account origination costs and annual fees, which are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over a
12
-month period.
Certain credit card products offer the cardholder the ability to earn points based on account activity, which the cardholder can choose to redeem for cash and non-cash rewards. The cost to the Firm related to these proprietary rewards programs varies based on multiple factors including the terms and conditions of the rewards programs, cardholder activity, cardholder reward redemption rates and cardholder reward selections. The Firm maintains a liability for its obligations under its rewards programs and reports the current-period cost as a reduction of card income.
Credit card revenue sharing agreements
The Firm has contractual agreements with numerous co-brand partners that grant the Firm exclusive rights to issue co-branded credit card products and market them to the customers of such partners. These partners endorse the co-brand credit card programs and provide their customer or member lists to the Firm. The partners may also conduct marketing activities and provide rewards redeemable under their own loyalty programs that the Firm will grant to co-brand credit cardholders based on account activity.
The terms of these agreements generally range from
five
to
ten years
.
The Firm typically makes payments to