environment and wholesale loans.
(a)    Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM; these are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets.
(b)    Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives and credit-related notes used to manage credit exposures.
(c)    Excludes mortgage loans past due and insured by U.S. government agencies, which are primarily 90 or more days past due. These loans have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies were $121 million and $182 million, respectively. In addition, the Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance.
The following table provides information on Firmwide nonaccrual loans to total loans.
The following table provides information about the Firm’s net charge-offs and recoveries.
Management’s discussion and analysis
The Firm’s retained consumer portfolio consists primarily of loans and lending-related commitments for residential real estate, credit card, scored auto and business banking. The consumer credit portfolio also includes loans at fair value, predominantly in residential real estate. The Firm’s focus is on serving primarily the prime segment of the consumer credit market. Originated mortgage loans are retained in the residential real estate portfolio, securitized or sold to U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises; other types of consumer loans are typically retained on the balance sheet. Refer to Note 12 for further information on the consumer loan portfolio. Refer to Note 28 for further information on lending-related commitments.
The following tables present consumer credit-related information with respect to the scored credit portfolio held in CCB, AWM, CIB and Corpora
te.
(a)
Includes scored mortgage and home equity loans held in CCB and AWM.
(b)
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, excluded operating lease assets of $12.8 billion and $10.4 billion, respectively. These operating lease assets are included in other assets on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 18 for further information.
(c)
Includes scored auto and business banking loans, and overdrafts.
(d)
Includes scored mortgage loans held in CCB and CIB, and other consumer unsecured loans in CIB.
(e)
Credit card, home equity and certain business banking lending-related commitments represent the total available lines of credit for these products. The Firm has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all available lines of credit would be used at the same time. Refer to Note 28 for further information.
(f)
Includes billed interest and fees.
(g)
Also includes commercial card lending-related commitments primarily in CIB.
(h)
Represents the