for other unfunded commitments to extend credit totaling $
699
million and $
1.1
billion, respectively, recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Notes 28 and 34 for additional information.
The Firm does not estimate the fair value of consumer off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. In many cases, the Firm can reduce or cancel these commitments with or without notice to the borrower, as permitted by law, or in accordance with the contract.  Refer to page 183 of this Note for a further discussion of the valuation of lending-related commitments.
Note 3 –
Fair value option
The fair value option provides an option to elect fair value for selected financial assets, financial liabilities, unrecognized firm commitments, and written loan commitments.
The Firm has elected to measure certain instruments at fair value for several reasons including to mitigate income statement volatility caused by the differences between the measurement basis of elected instruments (e.g., certain instruments that otherwise would be accounted for on an accrual basis) and the associated risk management arrangements that are accounted for on a fair value basis, as well as to better reflect those instruments that are managed on a fair value basis.
The Firm’s election of fair value includes the following instruments:
•
Loans purchased or originated as part of securitization warehousing activity, subject to bifurcation accounting, or managed on a fair value basis, including lending-related commitments
•
Certain securities financing agreements
•
Owned beneficial interests in securitized financial assets that contain embedded credit derivatives, which would otherwise be required to be separately accounted for as a derivative instrument
•
Structured notes and other hybrid instruments, which are predominantly  financial instruments that contain embedded derivatives, that are issued or transacted as part of client-driven activities
•
Certain long-term beneficial interests issued by CIB’s consolidated securitization trusts where the underlying assets are carried at fair value
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Changes in fair value under the fair value option election
The following table presents the changes in fair value included in the Consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, for items for which the fair value option was elected. The profit and loss information presented below only includes the financial instruments that were elected to be measured at fair value; related risk management instruments, which are required to be measured at fair value, are not included in the table.
(a)
Unrealized gains/(losses) due to instrument-specific credit risk (DVA) for liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected are recorded in OCI, while realized gains/(losses) are recorded in principal transactions revenue. Realized gains/(losses) due to instrument-specific credit