purposes and is used to calculate credit risk capital and CVA, as further described below.
The fair value of the Firm’s derivative receivables incorporates CVA to reflect the credit quality of counterparties. CVA is based on the Firm’s AVG to a counterparty and the counterparty’s credit spread in the credit derivatives market. The Firm believes that active risk management is essential to controlling the dynamic credit risk in the derivatives portfolio. In addition, the Firm’s risk management process for derivatives exposures takes into consideration the potential impact of wrong-way risk, which is broadly
defined as the risk that exposure to a counterparty is positively correlated with the impact of a default by the same counterparty, which could cause exposure to increase at the same time as the counterparty’s capacity to meet its obligations is decreasing. Many factors may influence the nature and magnitude of these correlations over time. To the extent that these correlations are identified, the Firm may adjust the CVA associated with a particular counterparty’s AVG. The Firm risk manages exposure to changes in CVA by entering into credit derivative contracts, as well as interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and commodity derivative contracts.
The below graph shows exposure profiles to the Firm’s current derivatives portfolio over the next 10 years as calculated by the Peak, DRE and AVG metrics. The three measures generally show that exposure will decline after the first year, if no new trades are added to the portfolio.
Exposure profile of derivatives measures
December 31, 2024
(in billions)
Management’s discussion and analysis
Credit derivatives
The Firm uses credit derivatives for two primary purposes: first, in its capacity as a market-maker, and second, as an end-user to manage the Firm’s own credit risk associated with various exposures.
Credit portfolio management activities
Included in the Firm’s end-user activities are credit derivatives used to mitigate the credit risk associated with traditional lending activities (loans and lending-related commitments) and derivatives counterparty exposure in the Firm’s wholesale businesses (collectively, “credit portfolio management activities”). Information on credit portfolio management activities is provided in the table below.
The Firm also uses credit derivatives as an end-user to manage other exposures, including credit risk arising from certain securities held in the Firm’s market-making businesses. These credit derivatives are not included in credit portfolio management activities.
(a)
Amounts are presented net, considering the Firm’s net protection purchased or sold with respect to each underlying reference entity or index.
The credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP; these derivatives are reported at fair value, with gains and losses recognized in principal transactions revenue. In contrast, the loans and