sales commissions in CCB. Refer to CCB, CIB and AWM segment results on pages 73–76, pages 77–83 and pages 84–87, respectively, and Note 6 for additional information.
Investment securities losses
decreased, reflecting lower losses on sales of securities, primarily U.S. Treasuries and U.S. GSE and government agency MBS, associated with repositioning the investment securities portfolio in Treasury and CIO. Refer to Corporate results on pages 88–90 and Note 10 for additional information.
Mortgage fees and related income
increased in Home Lending, reflecting higher production revenue, which included the timing impact of First Republic. Refer to CCB segment results on pages 73–76, and Note 6 and 15 for additional information.
Card income
increased, reflecting higher net interchange on increased debit and credit card sales volume, as well as higher annual fees in CCB, partially offset by an increase in amortization related to new account origination costs. Refer to CCB segment results on pages 73–76 and Note 6 for additional information.
Other income
increased, reflecting:
•
in Corporate:
–
the $7.9 billion net gain related to Visa shares recorded in the second quarter of 2024,
partially offset by
–
the absence of the prior-year $2.8 billion estimated bargain purchase gain associated with the First Republic acquisition, and
•
in CIB:
–
the impact of the adoption of updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures guidance effective January 1, 2024, resulting in the amortization of certain of the Firm's alternative energy tax-oriented investments previously recognized in other income which is now recognized in income tax expense.
Both periods included impairment losses related to certain equity investments.
The prior year included a gain of $339 million on the original minority interest in China International Fund Management ("CIFM"), partially offset by net investment valuation losses, both in AWM.
Refer to AWM segment results on pages 84–87 for additional information on CIFM; Notes 1, 6, 14 and 25 for additional information on the adoption of updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures guidance; Notes 2 and 6 for additional information on Visa shares; and Notes 6 and 34 for additional information on the First Republic acquisition.
Net interest income
increased driven by the impact of balance sheet actions, primarily reinvestments in the investment securities portfolio, higher revolving balances in Card Services, the timing impact of First Republic, higher wholesale deposit balances and higher Markets net interest income. These factors were largely offset by deposit margin compression across the lines of business and lower average deposit balances in CCB.
The Firm’s average interest-earning assets were $3.5 trillion, up $212 billion, and the yield was 5.50%, up 36 bps. The net yield on these assets, on an FTE basis, was 2.63%, a decrease of 7 bps. The net yield excluding Markets was 3.84%, relatively flat when