the acquisition, the total liabilities of the financial company would exceed 10% of the total liabilities of all financial companies, as determined under Federal Reserve regulations. Furthermore, for certain acquisitions, the Firm must provide written notice to the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any company with over $10 billion in assets that is engaged in activities that are “financial in nature.” Moreover, while FHCs may engage in a
broader range of activities (including acquisitions) than BHCs, the Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC’s ability to conduct otherwise permissible acquisitions if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet applicable eligibility requirements.
Ongoing obligations
. The Firm is subject to a five-year cooperation obligation under an order issued by the CFTC on September 29, 2020, relating to precious metals and U.S. Treasuries markets investigations. The Firm also remains subject to consent orders entered into in March 2024 with the OCC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and a resolution entered into in May 2024 with the CFTC, which relate to the Firm’s processes to inventory trading venues and confirm the completeness of certain data fed to trade surveillance platforms.
Subsidiary banks:
The activities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the Firm’s principal subsidiary bank, are limited to those specifically authorized under the National Bank Act and related interpretations of the OCC. The OCC has authority to bring an enforcement action against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for unsafe or unsound banking practices, which could include limiting JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities, or imposing corrective capital or managerial requirements on the bank.
FDIC deposit insurance.
The FDIC deposit insurance fund provides insurance coverage for certain deposits and is funded through assessments on banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The FDIC is required to maintain a minimum reserve ratio, which measures the balance of reserves in the deposit insurance fund against an estimate of FDIC-insured deposits, of 1.35%. The reserve ratio is currently below the statutory minimum and, in October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to raise bank assessments and accelerate the time by which the reserve ratio would meet the statutory minimum. As a result, the FDIC has adopted a restoration plan to bring the reserve ratio up to the required 1.35% by September 30, 2028, with a longer-term target of maintaining a reserve ratio of 2%.
FDIC powers upon a bank insolvency.
Upon any insolvency of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the FDIC could be appointed as conservator or receiver under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The FDIC has broad powers to transfer assets and liabilities without the approval of the institution’s creditors.
Prompt corrective action.
The Federal Deposit