Excludes $
3.7
billion and $
2.8
billion of accrued interest receivable at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, included in accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. The Firm generally does not recognize an allowance for credit losses on accrued interest receivable, consistent with its policy to write them off no later than 90 days past due by reversing interest income. The Firm did
no
t reverse through interest income any accrued interest receivable for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
At
December 31, 2024
, the investment securities portfolio consisted of debt securities with an average credit rating of AA+ (based upon external ratings where available, and where not available, based primarily upon internal risk ratings).
Risk ratings are used to identify the credit quality of securities and differentiate risk within the portfolio.
The Firm’s internal risk ratings generally align with the qualitative characteristics (e.g., borrower capacity to meet financial commitments and vulnerability to changes in the economic environment) defined by S&P and
Moody’s, however the quantitative characteristics (e.g., probability of default (“PD”) and loss given default (“LGD”)) may differ as they reflect internal historical experiences and assumptions.
Risk ratings are assigned at acquisition, reviewed on a regular and ongoing basis by Credit Risk Management and adjusted as necessary over the life of the investment for updated information affecting the issuer’s ability to fulfill its obligations.
AFS securities impairment
The following tables present the fair value and gross unrealized losses by aging category for AFS securities at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The tables exclude U.S. Treasury and government agency securities and U.S. GSE and government agency MBS with unrealized losses of $
5.3
billion and $
4.6
billion, at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively; changes in the value of these securities are generally driven by changes in interest rates rather than changes in their credit profile given the explicit or implicit guarantees provided by the U.S. government.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
AFS securities are considered impaired if the fair value is less than the amortized cost.
The Firm recognizes impairment losses in earnings if the Firm has the intent to sell the debt security, or if it is more likely than not that the Firm will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost. In these circumstances the impairment loss is recognized in investment securities gains/(losses) in the Consolidated Statements of Income and is equal to the full difference between the amortized cost (net of allowance if applicable) and the fair value of the security.
For impaired debt securities that the Firm has the intent and ability to hold, the securities are evaluated to determine if a credit loss exists. If it is determined that a credit loss exists, that loss is recognized as