Reflects the simultaneous shift of U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar rates, and the inclusion of the hedges of non-U.S. dollar capital investments. This inclusion had no impact on total sensitivities but increased U.S. dollar and decreased non-U.S. dollar sensitivities. Subsequent to this change, non-U.S. dollar sensitivities were insignificant.
(b)
At December 31, 2023, represents the total of the Firm’s U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar sensitivities as previously reported.
The change in the Firm’s sensitivities as of December 31, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, were primarily driven by Treasury and CIO balance sheet actions where the Firm added duration through investment securities activity, cash flow hedges of retained loans and fair value hedges of Firm debt. The impact on the sensitivities of the Treasury and CIO balance sheet actions were largely offset by the impact of deposits, primarily from the second quarter of 2024 update of the deposit rates paid assumptions for certain consumer and wholesale deposit products. Additionally, the results as of December 31, 2024 reflected the update to include hedges of the Firm’s non-U.S. dollar capital investments. Although total results were not impacted, these hedges increase U.S. dollar sensitivities and decrease non-U.S. dollar sensitivities. In the absence of these updates the Firm’s sensitivities as of December 31, 2024, would have been different by the amounts reported in the following table:
Economic Value Sensitivity
In addition to earnings-at-risk, which is measured as a sensitivity to a baseline of earnings over the next 12 months, the Firm also measures Economic Value Sensitivity (“EVS”). EVS stress tests the longer-term economic value of equity by measuring the sensitivity of the Firm’s current balance sheet, primarily retained loans, deposits, debt and investment securities as well as related hedges, under various interest rate scenarios. The Firm's pricing and cash flow assumptions associated with deposits, as well as prepayment assumptions for loans and securities, are significant factors in the EVS measure. In accordance with the CTC  interest rate risk management policy, the Firm has established limits on EVS as a percentage of TCE.
Certain assumptions used in the EVS measure may differ from those required in the fair value measurement note to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For example, certain assets and liabilities with no stated maturity, such as credit card receivables and deposits, have longer assumed durations in the EVS measure. Additional information on long-term debt and held to maturity investment securities is disclosed on page 201 in Note 2.
Non-U.S. dollar foreign exchange risk
Non-U.S. dollar FX risk is the risk that changes in foreign exchange rates affect the value of the Firm’s assets or liabilities or future results. The Firm has structural non-U.S. dollar FX exposures arising from capital investments, forecasted expense and revenue, the investment