lease agreements. Certain of these leases contain escalation clauses that will increase rental payments based on maintenance, utility and tax increases, which are non-lease components. The Firm elected not to separate lease and non-lease components of a contract for its real estate leases. As such, real estate lease payments represent payments on both lease and non-lease components.
Operating lease liabilities and ROU assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that estimates the Firm’s collateralized borrowing rate for financing instruments of a similar term and are included in accounts payable and other liabilities. The operating lease ROU assets, predominantly included in premises and equipment, also include any lease prepayments made, plus initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives received. Rental expense associated with operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and generally included in occupancy expense in the Consolidated statements of income.
The carrying values of the Firm’s operating leases were as follows:
The following table presents future payments under operating leases as of December 31, 2024.
In addition to the table above, as of December 31, 2024, the Firm had additional future operating lease commitments of $
887
million that were signed but had not yet commenced. These operating leases will commence between 2025 and 2027 with lease terms up to
21
years.
Firm as lessor
The Firm provides auto and equipment lease financing to its customers through lease arrangements with lease terms that may contain renewal, termination and/or purchase options. The Firm’s lease financings are predominantly auto operating leases. These assets subject to operating leases are recognized in other assets on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease term to reduce the asset to its estimated residual value. Depreciation expense is included in technology, communications and equipment expense in the Consolidated statements of income. The Firm’s lease income is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in other income in the Consolidated statements of income.
On a periodic basis, the Firm assesses leased assets for impairment, and if the carrying amount of the leased asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows from the lease payments and the estimated residual value upon disposition of the leased asset, an impairment is recognized.
The risk of loss on auto and equipment leased assets relating to the residual value of the leased assets is monitored through projections of the asset residual values at lease origination and periodic review of residual values, and is mitigated through arrangements with certain manufacturers or lessees.
The following table presents the carrying