solutions, commerce solutions, clearing, trade, and working capital. Markets & Securities Services includes Markets, which is a global market-maker across products, including cash and derivative instruments, and also offers sophisticated risk management solutions, lending, prime brokerage, clearing and research. Markets & Securities Services also includes Securities Services, a leading global custodian that provides custody, fund services, liquidity and trading services, and data solutions products.
Asset & Wealth Management
Asset & Wealth Management, with client assets of
$
5.9
trillion
, is a global leader in investment and wealth management.
Asset Management
Offers multi-asset investment management solutions across equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market funds to institutional and retail investors providing for a broad range of clients’ investment needs.
Global Private Bank
Provides retirement products and services, brokerage, custody, estate planning, lending, deposits and investment management to high net worth clients.
The majority of AWM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios.
Corporate
Corporate consists of Treasury and Chief Investment Office (“CIO”) and Other Corporate. Treasury and CIO is predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding, capital, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks.
Other Corporate includes staff functions and expense that is centrally managed as well as certain Firm initiatives and activities not solely aligned to a specific LOB. The major Other Corporate functions include Real Estate, Technology, Legal, Corporate Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Compliance, Control Management, Corporate Responsibility and various Other Corporate groups.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Description of business segment reporting methodology
Results of the reportable business segments are intended to present each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives business segment results includes the allocation of certain income and expense items. The Firm periodically assesses the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, and therefore further refinements may be implemented in future periods. The Firm also assesses the level of capital required for each LOB on at least an annual basis. The Firm’s LOBs also provide various business metrics which are utilized by the Firm and its investors and analysts in assessing performance.
Revenue sharing
When business segments or businesses within each segment join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm’s clients and customers, the participating businesses may agree to share revenue from those transactions. Revenue is generally recognized in the segment responsible for the related product or service, with allocations to the other segments or businesses involved in the