ratio.
(c)
Off-balance sheet exposures are calculated as the average of the three month-end spot balances on applicable regulatory exposures during the reporting quarter. Refer to the Firm’s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports for additional information.
Line of business and Corporate equity
Each LOB and Corporate is allocated capital by taking into consideration a variety of factors including capital levels of similarly rated peers and applicable regulatory capital requirements. ROE is measured and internal targets for expected returns are established as key measures of an LOB’s performance.
The Firm’s current equity allocation methodology incorporates Basel III Standardized RWA and the GSIB surcharge, both under rules currently in effect, as well as a simulation of capital depletion in a severe stress environment. At least annually, the assumptions, judgments and methodologies used to allocate capital are reassessed and, as a result, the capital allocated to the LOBs and Corporate may change. As of January 1, 2025, changes to the Firm’s capital allocations are primarily a result of updates to the Firm’s current capital requirements and changes in RWA for each LOB under rules currently in effect. Any capital that the Firm has accumulated in excess of these current requirements, including the capital required to meet the potential increased requirements of the U.S. Basel III proposal, has been retained in Corporate in addition to its allocated balance.
The following table presents the capital allocated to each LOB and Corporate.
Capital actions
Common stock dividends
The Firm’s common stock dividends are planned as part of the Capital Management governance framework in line with the Firm’s capital management objectives.
On December 9, 2024, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors had declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $1.25 per share, payable on January 31, 2025. The Firm’s dividends are subject to approval by the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.
Refer to Note 21 and Note 26 for information regarding dividend restrictions.
The following table shows the common dividend payout ratio based on net income applicable to common equity.
Common stock
On June 28, 2024, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a new $30 billion common share repurchase program, effective July 1, 2024. Through June 30, 2024, the Firm was authorized to purchase up to $30 billion of common shares under its previously-approved common share repurchase program that was announced on April 13, 2022.
The following table sets forth the Firm’s repurchases of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(a)
Excludes excise tax and commissions. As part of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, a 1% excise tax is imposed on net share repurchases commencing January 1, 2023.
(b)
In the second half of 2022, the Firm temporarily suspended share repurchases, which it resumed in the first quarter of 2023 under its