allowance for loan losses, which covers the Firm’s retained loan portfolios (scored and risk-rated),
•
the allowance for lending-related commitments, which is presented on the Consolidated balance sheets in accounts payable and other liabilities, and
•
the allowance for credit losses on investment securities, which is reflected in investment securities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
The income statement effect of all changes in the allowance for credit losses is recognized in the provision for credit losses.
Determining the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is complex and requires significant judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. At least quarterly, the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the CRO, the CFO and the Controller of the Firm. Subsequent evaluations of credit exposures, considering the macroeconomic conditions, forecasts and other factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the allowance for credit losses in future periods.
The Firm’s policies used to determine its allowance for loan losses and its allowance for lending-related commitments are described in the following paragraphs. Refer to Note 10 for a description of the policies used to determine the allowance for credit losses on investment securities.
Methodology for allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments
The allowance for loan losses and allowance for lending-related commitments represents expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of retained loans and lending-related commitments that are not unconditionally cancellable. The Firm does not record an allowance for future draws on unconditionally cancellable lending-related commitments (e.g., credit cards). Expected losses related to accrued interest on credit card loans are considered in the Firm’s allowance for loan losses. However, the Firm does not record an allowance on other accrued interest receivables, due to its policy to write these receivables off no later than
90
days past due by reversing interest income.
The expected life of each instrument is determined by considering its contractual term, expected prepayments, cancellation features, and certain extension and call options. The expected life of funded credit card loans is generally estimated by considering expected future payments on the credit card account, and determining how much of those amounts should be allocated to repayments of the funded loan balance (as
of the balance sheet date) versus other account activity. This allocation is made using an approach that incorporates the payment application requirements of the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, generally paying down the highest interest rate balances first.
The estimate of expected credit losses includes expected recoveries of amounts previously charged off or expected to be charged off, even if such recoveries result in a negative allowance.