The Firm must conduct annual company-run stress tests and must also submit an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking into account the results of separate stress tests designed by each of the Firm and the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve uses the results under the severely adverse scenario from its supervisory stress test to determine the Firm’s Stress Capital Buffer (“SCB”) requirement for the coming year, which forms part of the Firm’s applicable capital buffers. The Firm is required to file its annual CCAR submission on April 5, 2025. The Federal Reserve will notify the Firm of its indicative SCB requirement by June 30, 2025 and final SCB requirement by August 31, 2025. The Firm’s final
SCB requirement will become effective on October 1, 2025. The OCC requires JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to perform separate, similar stress tests annually. The Firm publishes each year the results of the annual stress tests for the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. under the supervisory “severely adverse” scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. In December 2024, the Federal Reserve indicated in a press release that it intends to seek public comment on changes to its stress testing framework. Additionally, there is a pending legal challenge to the manner in which stress testing is administered. Refer to Litigation and regulatory challenges on pages 6-7 for further information.
Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 97–107 and Liquidity Risk Management on pages 108–115 for more information.
Enhanced prudential standards
. As part of its mandate to identify and monitor risks to the financial stability of the U.S. posed by large banking organizations, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”) recommends prudential standards and reporting requirements to the Federal Reserve for systemically important financial institutions (“SIFIs”), such as JPMorganChase. The Federal Reserve has adopted several rules to implement those heightened prudential standards, including rules relating to risk management and corporate governance of subject BHCs. JPMorganChase is required under these rules to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk management standards, including oversight by the board of directors of risk management activities.
Holding company as a source of strength.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to serve as a source of financial strength for its depository institution subsidiaries and to commit resources to support those subsidiaries, including when directed to do so by the Federal Reserve.
Regulation of acquisitions
. Acquisitions by BHCs and their banks are subject to requirements, limitations and prohibitions established by law and by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. For example, FHCs and BHCs are required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before they acquire more than 5% of the voting shares of an unaffiliated bank. In addition, acquisitions by financial companies are generally prohibited if, as a result of