are deferred and recognized in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. Deferred amounts for revolving commitments and commitments not expected to fund, are amortized to lending- and deposit-related fees on a straight line basis over the commitment period. For all other commitments the deferred amounts remain deferred until the commitment funds or is sold.
161
Other unfunded commitments to extend credit
Other unfunded commitments to extend credit generally consist of commitments for working capital and general corporate purposes, extensions of credit to support commercial paper facilities and bond financings in the event that those obligations cannot be remarketed to new investors, as well as committed liquidity facilities to clearing organizations. The Firm also issues commitments under multipurpose facilities which could be drawn upon in several forms, including the issuance of a standby letter of credit.
Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees
Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees are conditional lending commitments issued by the Firm to guarantee the performance of a client or customer to a third party under certain arrangements, such as commercial paper facilities, bond financings, acquisition financings, trade financings and similar transactions.
The following table summarizes the contractual amount and carrying value of standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees and other letters of credit arrangements as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Standby letters of credit, other financial guarantees and other letters of credit
(a)
The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal risk ratings. Refer to Note 11 for further information on internal risk ratings.
Derivatives qualifying as guarantees
The Firm transacts in certain derivative contracts that have the characteristics of a guarantee under U.S. GAAP. Refer to Note 28 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information on these derivatives.
The following table summarizes the derivatives qualifying as guarantees as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
In addition to derivative contracts that meet the characteristics of a guarantee, the Firm is both a purchaser and seller of credit protection in the credit derivatives market. Refer to Note 4 for a further discussion of credit derivatives.
Loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications
In connection with the Firm’s mortgage loan sale and securitization activities with U.S. GSEs the Firm has made representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, and that may require the Firm to repurchase mortgage loans and/or indemnify the loan purchaser if such representations and warranties are breached by the Firm.
The liability related to repurchase demands associated with private label securitizations is separately evaluated by the Firm in establishing its litigation reserves. Refer to Note 24 of this Form 10-Q and Note