Refer to Note 21 for additional information on the CECL capital transition.
(c)
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, included an incremental $527 million and $541 million allowance for credit losses, respectively, on certain assets associated with First Republic to which the Standardized approach has been applied, as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules.
35
RWA rollforward
The following table presents changes in the components of RWA under Basel III Standardized and Advanced approaches for the three months ended March 31, 2025. The amounts in the rollforward categories are estimates, based on the predominant driver of the change.
(a)
Model & data changes refer to material movements in levels of RWA as a result of revised methodologies and/or treatment per regulatory guidance (exclusive of rule changes).
(b)
Movement in portfolio levels (inclusive of rule changes) refers to: for Credit risk RWA, changes in book size, changes in composition and credit quality, market movements, and deductions for excess eligible allowances for credit losses not eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 capital; for Market risk RWA, changes in position and market movements; and for Operational risk RWA, updates to cumulative losses and macroeconomic model inputs.
(c)
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Basel III Standardized Credit risk RWA included wholesale and retail off balance-sheet RWA of $213.0 billion and $208.0 billion, respectively; and the Basel III Advanced Credit risk RWA included wholesale and retail off balance-sheet RWA of $200.7 billion and $192.1 billion, respectively.
(d)
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, Credit risk RWA reflected approximately $42.1 billion and $43.3 billion, respectively, of RWA calculated under the Standardized approach for certain assets associated with First Republic as permitted by the transition provisions in the U.S. capital rules.
Refer to the Firm’s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website, for further information on Credit risk RWA, Market risk RWA and Operational risk RWA.
Supplementary leverage ratio
Refer to Supplementary Leverage Ratio on page 104 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information.
The following table presents the components of the Firm’s SLR.
(a)
For purposes of calculating the SLR, includes quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill, inclusive of estimated equity method goodwill, other intangible assets. As of January 1, 2025, the benefit from the CECL capital transition provision had been fully phased out. The period ended December 31, 2024 included adjustments for the CECL capital transition provisions. Refer to Note 21 for additional information on the CECL capital transition.
(b)
Adjusted average assets used for the calculation of Tier 1 leverage ratio.
(c)
Off-balance sheet exposures are