the Parent Company.
Secured funding and issuance
The Firm can also raise secured long-term funding through securitization of consumer credit card loans and FHLB advances. The following table summarizes the securitization issuance, the FHLB advances and their respective maturities or redemptions, as applicable for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(a)
Reflects the Purchase Money Note associated with the First Republic acquisition. Refer to Note 34 for additional information.
(b)
Includes long-term structured notes that are secured.
(c)
Includes FHLB advances associated with the First Republic acquisition on May 1, 2023. Refer to Note 34 for additional information.
The Firm’s wholesale businesses also securitize loans for client-driven transactions; those client-driven loan securitizations are not considered to be a source of funding for the Firm and are not included in the table above. Refer to Note 14 for a further description of client-driven loan securitizations.
Credit ratings
The cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings. Reductions in these ratings could have an adverse effect on the Firm’s access to liquidity sources, increase the cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to the Firm. The nature and magnitude of the impact of ratings downgrades depends on numerous contractual and behavioral factors, which the Firm
believes are incorporated in its liquidity risk and stress testing metrics. The Firm believes that it maintains sufficient liquidity to withstand a potential decrease in funding capacity due to ratings downgrades.
Additionally, the Firm’s funding requirements for VIEs and other third-party commitments may be adversely affected by a decline in credit ratings. Refer to Notes 5 and 14 for additional information.
The credit ratings of the Parent Company and certain of its principal subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024 were as follows:
(a)
On November 11, 2024, Moody’s (i) affirmed the credit ratings of the Parent Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the other subsidiaries listed above; (ii) revised its outlook for the Parent Company, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc from stable to positive; (iii) revised its outlook for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. from negative to developing, reflecting its view with respect to possible support from the U.S. government; and (iv) assessed its outlook for J.P. Morgan SE as negative with an “(m)” modifier, reflecting a negative outlook for long-term bank deposits and a positive outlook for the long-term issuer rating.
(b)
The credit ratings of the Parent Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the other subsidiaries presented in the table reflect ratings upgrades by Standard & Poor’s on November 15, 2024. Standard & Poor’s also revised its outlook for the Parent Company and such subsidiaries from positive to stable.
JPMorganChase’s unsecured debt