responsibility.
The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of management of the bank, which it discharges both acting directly and through the principal standing committees of the Firm’s Board of Directors. Risk and control oversight on behalf of JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. is primarily the responsibility of the Board Risk Committee and the Audit Committee, respectively, and, with respect to compensation and other management-related matters, the Compensation & Management Development Committee.
The Board Risk Committee
assists the Board in its oversight of management’s responsibility to implement a global risk management framework reasonably designed to identify, assess and manage the Firm’s risks. The Board Risk Committee’s responsibilities include approval of applicable primary risk policies and review of certain associated frameworks, analysis and reporting established by
Management’s discussion and analysis
management. Breaches in risk appetite and parameters, issues that may have a material adverse impact on the Firm, including capital and liquidity issues, and other significant risk-related matters are escalated to the Board Risk Committee, as appropriate.
The Audit Committee
assists the Board in its oversight of management’s responsibilities to ensure that there is an effective system of controls reasonably designed to safeguard the Firm’s assets and income, ensure the integrity of the Firm’s financial statements, and maintain compliance with the Firm’s ethical standards, policies, plans and procedures, and with laws and regulations. It also assists the Board in its oversight of the qualifications, independence and performance of the Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm, and of the performance of the Firm’s Internal Audit function.
The Compensation & Management Development Committee
(“CMDC”)
assists the Board in its oversight of the Firm’s compensation principles and practices. The CMDC reviews and approves the Firm’s compensation and qualified benefits programs. The Committee reviews the performance of Operating Committee members against their goals, and approves their compensation awards. In addition, the CEO’s compensation award is subject to ratification by the independent directors of the Board. The CMDC also reviews the development of and succession for key executives. As part of the Board’s role of reinforcing, demonstrating and communicating the “tone at the top,” the CMDC oversees the Firm’s culture, including reviewing updates from management regarding significant conduct issues and any related actions with respect to employees, including compensation actions.
The Public Responsibility Committee
oversees and reviews the Firm's positions and practices on public responsibility matters such as community investment, fair lending, sustainability, consumer practices and other public policy issues that reflect the Firm's values and character and could impact the Firm's reputation among