generally on the basis of the potential changes in the variation margin requirement for the contract.
As a clearing member, the Firm is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by its clients, but is not liable to clients for the performance of the CCPs. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its risk to the client through the collection of appropriate amounts of margin at inception and throughout the life of the transactions. The Firm can also cease providing clearing services if clients do not adhere to their obligations under the clearing agreement. In the event of nonperformance by a client, the Firm would close out the client’s positions and access available margin. The CCP would utilize any margin it holds to make itself whole, with any remaining shortfalls required to be paid by the Firm as a clearing member.
The Firm reflects its exposure to nonperformance risk of the client through the recognition of margin receivables from clients and margin payables to CCPs; the clients’ underlying securities or derivative contracts are not reflected in the Firm’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
It is difficult to estimate the Firm’s maximum possible exposure through its role as a clearing member, as this would require an assessment of transactions that clients may execute in the future. However, based upon historical experience, and the credit risk mitigants available to the Firm, management believes it is unlikely that the Firm will have to make any material payments under these arrangements and the risk of loss is expected to be remote.
Refer to Note 5 for information on the derivatives that the Firm executes for its own account and records in its Consolidated Financial Statements.
Exchange & Clearing House Memberships
The Firm is a member of several securities and derivative exchanges and clearing houses, both in the U.S. and other countries, and it provides clearing services to its clients. Membership in some of these organizations requires the Firm to pay a pro rata share of the losses incurred by the organization as a result of the default of another member. Such obligations vary with different organizations. These obligations may be limited to the amount (or a multiple of the amount) of the Firm’s contribution to the guarantee fund maintained by a clearing house or exchange as part of the resources available to cover any losses in the event of a member default. Alternatively, these obligations may also include a pro rata share of the residual losses after applying the guarantee fund. Additionally, certain clearing houses require the Firm as a member to pay a pro rata share of losses that may result from the clearing house’s investment of guarantee fund contributions and initial margin, unrelated to and independent of the default of another member. Generally a payment would only be required should such losses exceed the resources of the clearing house or exchange that are contractually required to absorb the losses in the first instance. In