Italy, Japan, the U.K. and the U.S.
G7 government securities:
Securities issued by the government of one of the G7 nations.
Ginnie Mae:
Government National Mortgage Association
GSIB:
Global systemically important banks
HELOC:
Home equity line of credit
Home equity – senior lien:
Represents loans and commitments where JPMorganChase holds the first security interest on the property.
Home equity – junior lien:
Represents loans and commitments where JPMorganChase holds a security
interest that is subordinate in rank to other liens.
HQLA: “High-quality liquid assets”
consist of cash and certain high-quality liquid securities as defined in the LCR rule.
HTM:
Held-to-maturity
IBOR:
Interbank Offered Rate
ICAAP:
Internal capital adequacy assessment process
IDI:
Insured depository institutions
IHC
: JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, an intermediate holding company
Indirect tax expense
: Refers to taxes that are imposed on goods and services rather than on income. Examples of indirect taxes include value-added tax (“VAT”) and sales tax, among others.
Investment-grade:
An indication of credit quality based on JPMorganChase’s internal risk assessment. The Firm considers ratings of BBB-/Baa3 or higher as investment-grade.
IPO:
Initial public offering
ISDA:
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
JPMorganChase:
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
JPMorgan Chase Foundation or the Firm’s Foundation:
A not-for-profit organization that makes contributions for charitable and educational purposes.
J.P. Morgan Securities:
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
JPMSE:
J.P. Morgan SE
LCR:
Liquidity coverage ratio
LDA:
Loss Distribution Approach
LGD:
Loss given default
LIBOR:
London Interbank Offered Rate
LLC:
Limited Liability Company
LOB:
Line of business
LOB CROs
: Line of Business and CTC Chief Risk Officers
LTIP:
Long-term incentive plan
LTV: “Loan-to-value”:
For residential real estate loans, the relationship, expressed as a percentage, between the principal amount of a loan and the appraised value of the collateral (i.e., residential real estate) securing the loan.
Origination date LTV ratio
The LTV ratio at the origination date of the loan. Origination date LTV ratios are calculated based on the actual appraised values of collateral (i.e., loan-level data) at the origination date.
Current estimated LTV ratio
An estimate of the LTV as of a certain date. The current estimated LTV ratios are calculated using estimated collateral values derived from a nationally recognized
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
home price index measured at the metropolitan statistical area (“MSA”) level. These MSA-level home price indices consist of actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. As a result, the estimated collateral values used to calculate these ratios do not represent actual appraised loan-level collateral values; as such, the resulting LTV ratios are necessarily imprecise and should