Nonaccrual loans
Nonaccrual loans are those on which the accrual of interest has been suspended. Loans (other than credit card loans and certain consumer loans insured by U.S. government agencies) are placed on nonaccrual status and considered nonperforming when full payment of principal and interest is not expected, regardless of delinquency status, or when principal and interest has been in default for a period of
90
days or more, unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. A loan is determined to be past due when the minimum payment is not received from
the borrower by the contractually specified due date or for certain loans (e.g., residential real estate loans), when a monthly payment is due and unpaid for
30
days or more. Finally, collateral-dependent loans are typically maintained on nonaccrual status.
On the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all interest accrued but not collected is reversed against interest income. In addition, the amortization of deferred amounts is suspended. Interest income on nonaccrual loans may be recognized as cash interest payments are received (i.e., on a cash basis) if the recorded loan balance is deemed fully collectible; however, if there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectibility of the recorded loan balance, all interest cash receipts are applied to reduce the carrying value of the loan (the cost recovery method). For consumer loans, application of this policy typically results in the Firm recognizing interest income on nonaccrual consumer loans on a cash basis.
A loan may be returned to accrual status when repayment is reasonably assured and there has been demonstrated performance under the terms of the loan or, if applicable, the terms of the restructured loan.
As permitted by regulatory guidance, credit card loans are generally exempt from being placed on nonaccrual status; accordingly, interest and fees related to credit card loans continue to accrue until the loan is charged off or paid in full.
Allowance for loan losses
The allowance for loan losses represents the estimated expected credit losses in the held-for-investment loan portfolio at the balance sheet date and is recognized on the balance sheet as a contra asset, which brings the amortized cost to the net carrying value. Changes in the allowance for loan losses resulting from lending-related activity, macroeconomic variables, changes in credit and other inputs are recorded in the provision for credit losses on the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 13 for further information on the Firm’s accounting policies for the allowance for loan losses.
Charge-offs
Consumer loans are generally charged off or charged down to the lower of the amortized cost or the net realizable value of the underlying collateral (i.e., fair value less estimated costs to sell), with an offset to the allowance for loan losses, upon reaching specified stages of delinquency in accordance with standards established