description of the Firm's accounting policies regarding consolidation of and involvement with VIEs.
The following table summarizes the most significant types of Firm-sponsored VIEs by business segment. The Firm considers a “Firm-sponsored” VIE to include any entity where: (1) JPMorganChase is the primary beneficiary of the structure; (2) the VIE is used by JPMorganChase to securitize Firm assets; (3) the VIE issues financial instruments with the JPMorganChase name; or (4) the entity is a JPMorganChase–administered asset-backed commercial paper conduit.
In addition, CIB also invests in and provides financing, lending-related services and other services to VIEs sponsored by third parties. Refer to pages 145–146 of this Note for more information on the VIEs sponsored by third parties.
Significant Firm-sponsored VIEs
Credit card securitizations
As a result of the Firm’s continuing involvement, the Firm is considered to be the primary beneficiary of its Firm-sponsored credit card securitization trust, the Chase Issuance Trust.
Firm-sponsored mortgage and other securitization trusts
The Firm securitizes (or has securitized) originated and purchased residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and other consumer loans primarily in its CCB and CIB businesses. Depending on the particular transaction, as well as the respective business involved, the Firm may act as the servicer of the loans and/or retain certain beneficial interests in the securitization trusts.
142
The following tables present the total unpaid principal amount of assets held in Firm-sponsored private-label securitization entities, including those in which the Firm has continuing involvement, and those that are consolidated by the Firm. Continuing involvement includes servicing the loans, holding senior interests or subordinated interests (including amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules),
recourse or guarantee arrangements, and derivative contracts. In certain instances, the Firm’s only continuing involvement is servicing the loans. The Firm’s maximum loss exposure from retained and purchased interests is the carrying value of these interests. Refer to page 148 of this Note for information on the securitization-related loan delinquencies and liquidation losses.
(a)
Excludes U.S. GSEs and government agency securitizations and re-securitizations, which are not Firm-sponsored.
(b)
Consists of securities backed by commercial real estate loans and non-mortgage-related consumer receivables.
(c)
Excludes the following: retained servicing; securities retained from loan sales and securitization activity related to U.S. GSEs and government agencies; interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives primarily used to manage interest rate and foreign exchange risks of securitization entities; senior securities of $
186
million and $
256
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and subordinated securities of $
143
million and $
49
million at March 31,