requires the cost of eligible investments, within an elected program, to be amortized in proportion to the tax benefits received with the resulting amortization reported directly in income tax expense, which aligns with the associated tax credits and other tax benefits. Eligible investments must meet certain criteria, including that substantially all of the return is from income tax credits and other income tax benefits.
This guidance was adopted on January 1, 2024 under the modified retrospective method. The adoption of this guidance resulted in a change to the classification and timing of the amortization associated with certain of the Firm's alternative energy tax-oriented investments. As a result of the adoption, the amortization of these investments that was previously recognized in other income is now recognized in income tax expense. The change in accounting resulted in a decrease to retained earnings of $
161
million and increased the Firm’s income tax expense and the effective tax rate by approximately $
450
million and
two
percentage points, respectively, in the first quarter of 2024, with no material impact to net income.
The guidance requires additional disclosure for all investments that generate income tax credits and other income tax benefits from a tax-oriented investment program for which the Firm has elected to apply the proportional amortization method. The guidance also requires a reevaluation of eligible investments when significant modifications or events occur that result in a change in the nature of the investment or a change in the Firm's relationship with the underlying project.
Refer to Notes 6, 14 and 25 for additional information.
Accounting standards adopted January 1, 2023
Derivatives and Hedging: Fair Value Hedging – Portfolio Layer Method
The adoption of this guidance expanded the ability to hedge a portfolio of fixed-rate assets in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. As permitted by the guidance, the Firm elected to transfer HTM securities to AFS and designated those securities in a portfolio layer method hedge upon adoption. The adoption impact of the transfer on retained earnings was not material.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Financial Instruments – Credit Losses: Troubled Debt Restructurings (“TDRs”)
The adoption of this guidance eliminated the requirement to measure the allowance for TDRs using a discounted cash flow (“DCF”) methodology and allowed the option of a non-DCF portfolio-based approach for modified loans to troubled borrowers. The Firm elected this option for all portfolios of modified loans to troubled borrowers except collateral-dependent loans and nonaccrual risk-rated loans, for which the Firm elected to continue applying a DCF methodology. The adoption of this guidance under the modified retrospective method on January 1, 2023, resulted in a $
446
million increase to retained earnings.
Significant accounting policies
The following table identifies JPMorganChase’s other