averages except for derivative related inputs where arithmetic averages are used.
88
Changes in and ranges of unobservable inputs
Refer to Note 2 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of the impact on fair value of changes in unobservable inputs and the relationships between unobservable inputs as well as a description of attributes of the underlying instruments and external market factors that affect the range of inputs used in the valuation of the Firm’s positions.
Changes in level 3 recurring fair value measurements
The following tables include a rollforward of the Consolidated balance sheets amounts (including changes in fair value) for financial instruments classified by the Firm within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. When a determination is made to classify a financial instrument within level 3, the determination is based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. However, level 3 financial instruments typically include, in addition to the unobservable or level 3 components, observable components (that is, components that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources); accordingly, the gains and losses in the table below include changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology. The Firm risk-manages the observable components of level 3 financial instruments using securities and derivative positions that are classified within level 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy; as these level 1 and level 2 risk management instruments are not included below, the gains or losses in the following tables do not reflect the effect of the Firm’s risk management activities related to such level 3 instruments.
89
90
91
(a)
Level 3 assets at fair value as a percentage of total Firm assets at fair value (including assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were
1
% and
2
% at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Level 3 liabilities at fair value as a percentage of total Firm liabilities at fair value (including liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis) were
6
% and
9
% at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
(b)
All level 3 derivatives are presented on a net basis, irrespective of the underlying counterparty.
(c)
Primarily reported in principal transactions revenue, except for changes in fair value for CCB mortgage loans and lending-related commitments originated with the intent to sell, and mortgage loan purchase commitments, which are reported in mortgage fees and related income.
(d)
Changes in fair value for MSRs are reported in mortgage fees and related income.
(e)
Realized (gains)/losses due to DVA for fair value option elected liabilities are reported in principal transactions revenue, and were not material for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. Unrealized (gains)/losses are reported in OCI, and were $(
73
)