risk recorded in principal transactions revenue were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(b)
Long-term debt measured at fair value predominantly relates to structured notes. Although the risk associated with the structured notes is actively managed, the gains/(losses) reported in this table do not include the income statement impact of the risk management instruments used to manage such risk.
(c)
Reported in mortgage fees and related income.
(d)
Reported in other income.
(e)
Changes in fair value exclude contractual interest, which is included in interest income and interest expense for all instruments other than certain hybrid financial instruments in CIB. Refer to Note 7 for further information regarding interest income and interest expense.
Determination of instrument-specific credit risk for items for which the fair value option was elected
The following describes how the gains and losses that are attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk, were determined.
•
Loans and lending-related commitments: For floating-rate instruments, all changes in value are attributed to instrument-specific credit risk. For fixed-rate instruments, an allocation of the changes in value for the period is made between those changes in value that are interest rate-related and changes in value that are credit-related. Allocations are generally based on an analysis of borrower-specific credit spread and recovery information,
where available, or benchmarking to similar entities or industries.
•
Long-term debt: Changes in value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk were derived principally from observable changes in the Firm’s credit spread as observed in the bond market.
•
Securities financing agreements: Generally, for these types of agreements, there is a requirement that collateral be maintained with a market value equal to or in excess of the principal amount loaned; as a result, there would be no adjustment or an immaterial adjustment for instrument-specific credit risk related to these agreements.
Difference between aggregate fair value and aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding
The following table reflects the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, for loans, long-term debt and long-term beneficial interests for which the fair value option has been elected.
(a)
These balances are excluded from nonaccrual loans as the loans are insured and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies.
(b)
There were
no
performing loans that were ninety days or more past due as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(c)
Includes loans insured and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies less than 90 days past due.
(d)
Remaining contractual principal is not applicable to nonprincipal-protected structured notes and long-term beneficial interests. Unlike principal-protected structured notes and long-term