notional amount of protection obtained through the issuance of credit-related notes that reference certain pools of residential real estate and auto loans in the retained consumer portfolio.
(i)
Excludes mortgage loans past due and insured by U.S. government agencies, which are primarily 90 or more days past due. These loans have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies were $121 million and $182 million, respectively. In addition, the Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status, as permitted by regulatory guidance.
(j)
Average consumer loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were $17.2 billion and $12.9 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts were excluded when calculating net charge-off/(recovery) rates.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Maturities and sensitivity to changes in interest rates
The table below sets forth loan maturities by scheduled repayments, by class of loan and the distribution between fixed and floating interest rates based on the stated terms of the loan agreements. The Firm estimated the principal repayment amounts for both the residential real estate and auto and other loan classes by calculating the weighted-average loan balance and interest rates for loan pools based on remaining loan term. Refer to Note 12 for further information on loan classes.
(a)
Includes loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value.
(b)
Includes overdrafts.
Consumer, excluding credit card
Portfolio analysis
Loans decreased from December 31, 2023 driven by residential real estate loans and scored auto loans.
The following discussions provide information concerning individual loan products. Refer to Note 12 for further information about this portfolio, including information about delinquencies, loan modifications and other credit quality indicators.
Residential real estate:
The residential real estate portfolio, including loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value, predominantly consists of prime mortgage loans and home equity lines of credit.
Retained loans decreased compared to December 31, 2023, predominantly driven by paydowns and loan sales, net of originations. Retained nonaccrual loans decreased compared to December 31, 2023, predominantly driven by loan sales. Net recoveries were higher for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the prior year, driven by loan sales.
Loans held-for-sale and nonaccrual loans held-for-sale increased from December 31, 2023, predominantly driven by transfers of certain retained loans in anticipation of securitization and loan sales, respectively.
Loans at fair value increased from December 31, 2023, predominantly driven by higher Home Lending loans, as originations outpaced warehouse loan sales. Nonaccrual loans at fair value increased compared to December 31, 2023, driven by CIB.
At