and deployment of artificial intelligence systems within the EU, with phased-in requirements that began in February 2025.
The Bank Secrecy Act and Economic Sanctions:
The Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”) requires all financial institutions, including banks and securities broker-dealers, to establish a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The BSA includes a variety of record-keeping and reporting requirements, as well as due diligence/know-your-customer documentation requirements. The Firm is also subject to the regulations and economic sanctions programs administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and EU and U.K. authorities which target entities or individuals that are, or are located in countries that are, involved in activities including terrorism, hostilities, embezzlement or human rights violations. The Firm is also subject to economic sanctions laws, rules and regulations in other jurisdictions in which it operates, including those that conflict with or prohibit a firm such as JPMorganChase from complying with certain laws, rules and regulations to which it is otherwise subject.
Anti-Corruption:
The Firm is subject to laws and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments to government officials and others in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act.
Compensation practices:
The Firm’s compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve, as well as other agencies. The Federal Reserve has jointly issued guidance with the FDIC and the OCC that is designed to ensure that incentive compensation paid by banking organizations does not encourage imprudent risk-taking that threatens the organizations’ safety and soundness. The Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) has also established standards covering compensation principles for banks. The Firm’s compensation
practices are also subject to regulation and oversight by regulators in other jurisdictions, notably the Fifth Capital Requirements Directive (“CRD V”), as implemented in the EU and as largely adopted in the U.K, which includes compensation-related provisions. The European Banking Authority has instituted guidelines on compensation policies including under CRD V which in certain countries (such as Germany) are implemented or supplemented by local regulations or guidelines. The U.K. regulators have also instituted regulations and guidelines on compensation policies, which diverge in certain areas from EU rules. The Firm expects that the implementation of regulatory guidelines regarding compensation in the U.S. and other countries will continue to evolve, and may affect the manner in which the Firm structures its compensation programs and practices.
Sustainability:
Policymakers in the U.K. and the EU have continued to implement and enhance sustainability-related initiatives and