amortization method, such as historic tax credit and new market tax credit programs.
(b)
Reflected in Income tax expense on the Consolidated statements of income and Operating activities on the Consolidated statements of cash flows.
(c)
Recorded in Other income on the Consolidated statements of income and Operating activities on the Consolidated statements of cash flows.
Customer municipal bond vehicles (TOB trusts)
The Firm may provide various services to customer TOB trusts, including remarketing agent, liquidity or tender option provider. In certain customer TOB transactions, the Firm, as liquidity provider, has entered into a reimbursement agreement with the Residual holder.
In those transactions, upon the termination of the vehicle, the Firm has recourse to the third-party Residual holders for any shortfall. The Firm does not have any intent to protect Residual holders from potential losses on any of the underlying municipal bonds. The Firm does not consolidate customer TOB trusts, since the Firm does not have the power to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle.
The Firm’s maximum exposure as a liquidity provider to customer TOB trusts at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 was $
6.2
billion and $
5.8
billion, respectively. The fair value of assets held by such VIEs at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 was $
8.5
billion and $
8.1
billion, respectively.
146
Loan securitizations
The Firm has securitized and sold a variety of loans, including residential mortgages, credit card receivables, commercial mortgages and other consumer loans.
Securitization activity
The following table provides information related to the Firm’s securitization activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, related to assets held in Firm-sponsored securitization entities that were not consolidated by the Firm, and where sale accounting was achieved at the time of the securitization.
(a)
Excludes re-securitization transactions.
(b)
Primarily includes Level 2 assets.
(c)
The carrying value of the loans accounted for at fair value approximated the proceeds received upon loan sale.
(d)
Represents prime mortgages. Excludes loan securitization activity related to U.S. GSEs and government agencies.
(e)
Includes commercial mortgages and auto loans.
Loans and excess MSRs sold to U.S. government-sponsored enterprises and loans in securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines
In addition to the amounts reported in the securitization activity tables above, the Firm, in the normal course of business, sells originated and purchased mortgage loans and certain originated excess MSRs on a nonrecourse basis, predominantly to U.S. GSEs. These loans and excess MSRs are sold primarily for the purpose of securitization by the U.S. GSEs, who provide certain guarantee provisions (e.g., credit enhancement of the loans). The Firm also sells loans into securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae