Firm may distribute, such as through dividends and common share repurchases, as well as on discretionary bonus payments for certain executive officers.
The following table presents the eligible external TLAC and eligible LTD amounts, as well as a representation of these amounts as a percentage of the Firm’s total RWA and total leverage exposure applying the impact of the CECL capital transition provisions as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Effective January 1, 2024, the Firm's regulatory requirement for its eligible LTD to RWA ratio increased by 50 bps to 10.5%, due to the increase in the Firm’s GSIB Method 2 requirements. The Firm's regulatory requirement for its TLAC to RWA ratio remained at 23.0%
.
Refer to Risk-based Capital Regulatory Requirements on pages 100–101 for further information on the GSIB surcharge.
Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 108–115 for further information on long-term debt issued by the Parent Company.
Refer to Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors on pages 10-37
of this
2024
Form 10-K
for information on the financial consequences to holders of the Firm’s debt and equity securities in a resolution scenario.
U.S. broker-dealer regulatory capital
J.P. Morgan Securities
JPMorganChase’s principal U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities. J.P. Morgan Securities is subject to the regulatory capital requirements of Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Net Capital Rule”). J.P. Morgan Securities is also registered as a futures commission merchant and is subject to regulatory capital requirements, including those imposed by the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and the National Futures Association (“NFA”).
J.P. Morgan Securities has elected to compute its minimum net capital requirements in accordance with the “Alternative Net Capital Requirements” of the Net Capital Rule.
The following table presents J.P. Morgan Securities’ net capital.
J.P. Morgan Securities is registered with the SEC as a security-based swap dealer and with the CFTC as a swap dealer. As a result of additional SEC and CFTC capital and financial reporting requirements for security-based swap dealers and swap dealers, J.P. Morgan Securities is subject to alternative minimum net capital requirements and required to hold “tentative net capital” in excess of $5.0 billion. J.P. Morgan Securities is also required to notify the SEC and CFTC in the event that its tentative net capital is less than $6.0 billion. Tentative net capital is net capital before deducting market and credit risk charges as defined by the Net Capital Rule. As of December 31, 2024, J.P. Morgan Securities maintained tentative net capital in excess of the minimum and notification requirements.
Non-U.S. subsidiary regulatory capital
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
J.P. Morgan Securities plc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and has authority to engage in