the co-brand credit card partners based on the cost of partners’ marketing activities and loyalty program rewards provided to credit cardholders, new account originations and sales volumes. Payments to partners based on marketing efforts undertaken by the partners are expensed by the Firm as incurred and reported as marketing expense. Payments for partner loyalty program rewards are reported as a reduction of card income when incurred. Payments to partners based on new credit card account originations are accounted for as direct loan origination costs and are deferred and recognized as a reduction of card income on a straight-line basis over a
12
-month period. Payments to partners based on sales volumes are reported as a reduction of card income when the related interchange income is earned.
The following table presents the components of card income:
(a)
Predominantly represents the amortization of account origination costs and annual fees, which are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over a
12
-month period.
Card income is earned primarily by CCB and CIB.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Other income
This revenue category includes operating lease income, as well as losses associated with the Firm’s tax-oriented investments, predominantly alternative energy equity-method investments in CIB. The losses associated with these tax-oriented investments are more than offset by lower income tax expense from the associated tax credits.
The following table presents certain components of
other income:
(a)  Gain on the original minority interest in CIFM upon the Firm's acquisition of the remaining
51
% of the entity.
(b)    Relates to the initial gain recognized on May 6, 2024 on the Visa C shares. Refer to Note 2 for additional information.
(c)    Relates to the sale of Visa B shares.
Refer to Note 18 for additional information on  operating leases.
Proportional Amortization Method:
Effective January 1, 2024, as a result of adopting updates to the Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method guidance, the amortization of certain of the Firm's alternative energy tax-oriented investments that was previously recognized in other income is now recognized in income tax expense, which aligns with the associated tax credits and other tax benefits. Refer to Notes 1, 14 and 25 for additional information.
Noninterest expense
Other expense
Other expense on the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income included:
(a)  Represents the contribution of a portion of Visa C shares to the JPMorgan Chase Foundation recorded in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to Note 2 for additional information.
(b)  Reflects the expenses classified within other expense, including  $
488
million and $
360
million of integration and restructuring costs associated with First Republic for the full years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, the second quarter of 2023 included payments to the FDIC