prescribed by regulatory authorities.
The preparation of the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expense, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could be different from these estimates. In the opinion of management, all normal, recurring adjustments have been included such that this interim financial information is fairly stated.
These unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included in JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Consolidation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of JPMorganChase and other entities in which the Firm has a controlling financial interest. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Assets held for clients in an agency or fiduciary capacity by the Firm are not assets of JPMorganChase and are not included on the Consolidated balance sheets.
The Firm determines whether it has a controlling financial interest in an entity by first evaluating whether the entity is a voting interest entity or a variable interest entity.
Refer to Notes 1 and 14 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a further description of JPMorganChase’s accounting policies regarding consolidation.
Offsetting assets and liabilities
U.S. GAAP permits entities to present derivative receivables and derivative payables with the same counterparty and the related cash collateral receivables and payables on a net basis on the Consolidated balance sheets when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. U.S. GAAP also permits securities sold and purchased under repurchase agreements and securities borrowed or loaned under securities loan agreements to be presented net when specified conditions are met, including the existence of a legally enforceable master netting agreement. The Firm has elected to net such balances where it has determined that the specified conditions are met. Refer to Note 1 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information on offsetting assets and liabilities.
83
Note 2 –
Fair value measurement
Refer to Note 2 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of the Firm’s valuation methodologies for assets, liabilities and lending-related commitments measured at fair value and the fair value hierarchy.
84
The following table presents the assets and liabilities reported at fair value as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, by major product category and fair value hierarchy.
85
(a)
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, included total U.S. GSE obligations of $
152.5
billion and $
120.1
billion, respectively, which were mortgage-related.
(b)
Physical commodities inventories are generally accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value. “Net realizable value” is a term defined in U.S. GAAP as not