for the First Republic individuals who were not employees of the Firm until July 2, 2023. Refer to Note 34 for additional information on the First Republic acquisition.
(c)  The first quarter of 2024 included an increase of $
725
million to the FDIC special assessment reflecting the FDIC's revised estimate of Deposit Insurance Fund losses. The fourth quarter of 2023 included the $
2.9
billion FDIC special assessment.
Refer to Note 32 for additional information on noninterest revenue and expense by segment.
Note 7 –
Interest income and interest expense
Interest income and interest expense are recorded in the Consolidated statements of income and classified based on the nature of the underlying asset or liability.
Interest income and interest expense includes the current-period interest accruals for financial instruments measured at fair value, except for derivatives and certain financial instruments containing embedded derivatives; for those instruments, all changes in fair value including any interest elements, are primarily reported in principal transactions revenue. For financial instruments that are not measured at fair value, the related interest is included within interest income or interest expense, as applicable. Interest income and interest expense also includes the effect of derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting where applicable.
Interest income on loans and securities include the amortization and accretion of purchase premiums and discounts, as well as net deferred fees and costs on loans. These amounts are deferred in loans and investment securities, respectively, and recognized on a level-yield basis.
Refer to Notes 5, 10, 11, 12, and 20 for further information on accounting for interest income and interest expense related to hedge accounting, investment securities, securities financing activities (i.e., securities purchased or sold under resale or repurchase agreements; securities borrowed; and securities loaned), loans and long-term debt, respectively.
The following table presents the components of interest income and interest expense:
(a)
Represents securities that are tax-exempt for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
(b)
Includes interest earned on brokerage-related held-for-investment customer receivables, which are classified in accrued interest and accounts receivable, and all other interest-earning assets, which are classified in other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets.
(c)
All other interest-bearing liabilities includes interest expense on brokerage-related customer payables.
(d)
Includes the accretion of the purchase discount on certain acquired loans and investment securities associated with First Republic. Refer to Note 34 for additional information.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Note 8 –
Pension and other postretirement
employee benefit plans
The Firm has various defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans that provide benefits to its employees in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. locations.