extent of the Firm’s other
continuing involvement with the trusts, as indicated above, obligates the Firm to absorb losses and gives the Firm the right to receive certain benefits from these VIEs that could potentially be significant.
The underlying securitized credit card receivables and other assets of the securitization trusts are available only for payment of the beneficial interests issued by the securitization trusts; they are not available to pay the Firm’s other obligations or the claims of the Firm’s creditors.
The agreements with the credit card securitization trusts require the Firm to maintain a minimum undivided interest in the credit card trusts (generally
5
%). As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Firm held undivided interests in Firm-sponsored credit card securitization trusts of $
6.6
billion and $
4.9
billion, respectively. The Firm maintained an average undivided interest in principal receivables owned by
Notes to consolidated financial statements
those trusts of approximately
45
% and
65
% for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Firm did
no
t retain any senior securities and retained $
1.5
billion of subordinated securities in certain of its credit card securitization trusts at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. The Firm’s undivided interests in the credit card trusts and securities retained are eliminated in consolidation.
Firm-sponsored mortgage and other securitization trusts
The Firm securitizes (or has securitized) originated and purchased residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and other consumer loans primarily in its CCB and CIB businesses. Depending on the particular transaction, as well as the respective business involved, the Firm may act as the servicer of the loans and/or retain certain beneficial interests in the securitization trusts.
The following tables present the total unpaid principal amount of assets held in Firm-sponsored private-label securitization entities, including those in which the Firm has continuing involvement, and those that are consolidated by the Firm. Continuing involvement includes servicing the loans, holding senior interests or subordinated interests (including amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules), recourse or guarantee arrangements, and derivative contracts. In certain instances, the Firm’s only continuing involvement is servicing the loans. The Firm’s maximum loss exposure from retained and purchased interests is the carrying value of these interests. Refer to page 279 of this Note for information on the securitization-related loan delinquencies and liquidation losses.
(a)
Excludes U.S. GSEs and government agency securitizations and re-securitizations, which are not Firm-sponsored.
(b)
Consists of securities backed by commercial real estate loans and non-mortgage-related consumer receivables.
(c)
Excludes the following: retained servicing; securities retained from loan sales and securitization activity related to U.S. GSEs and