regardless of their delinquency status. At December 31, 2024, approximately
8
% of Chapter 7 residential real estate loans were 30 days or more past due.
(b)
Mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies excluded from nonaccrual loans were not material at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(c)
Generally, all consumer nonaccrual loans have an allowance. In accordance with regulatory guidance, certain nonaccrual loans that are considered collateral-dependent have been charged down to the lower of amortized cost or the fair value of their underlying collateral less costs to sell. If the value of the underlying collateral improves subsequent to charge down, the related allowance may be negative.
(d)
Interest income on nonaccrual loans recognized on a cash basis was $
160
million and $
180
million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(e)
Represents the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans divided by the estimated current property value. Current property values are estimated, at a minimum, quarterly, based on home valuation models using nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporating actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. Current estimated combined LTV for junior lien home equity loans considers all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property.
(f)
Refreshed FICO scores represent each borrower’s most recent credit score, which is obtained by the Firm on at least a quarterly basis.
(g)
Includes residential real estate loans, primarily held in LLCs in AWM that did not have a refreshed FICO score. These loans have been included in a FICO band based on management’s estimation of the borrower’s credit quality.
(h)
Included U.S. government-guaranteed loans as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(i)
Excludes loans with no FICO and/or LTV data available.
(j)
The geographic regions presented in the table are ordered based on the magnitude of the corresponding loan balances at December 31, 2024.
Loan modifications
The Firm grants certain modifications of residential real estate loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The Firm's proprietary modification programs as well as government programs, including U.S. GSE programs, that generally provide various modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty including, but not limited to, interest rate reductions, term extensions, other-than-insignificant payment deferral and principal forgiveness that would otherwise have been required under the terms of the original agreement, are considered FDMs.
In addition, the Firm offers trial modifications of residential real estate loans, which generally include a
three-month
trial payment period during which the borrower makes monthly payments under the proposed modified loan terms. Loans in a trial payment period continue to age and accrue interest in accordance with the original contractual terms. At the completion of a