Risk and Compliance implements policies and standards designed to govern, identify, measure, monitor and test, manage, and report on compliance risk.
Governance and oversight
Operational Risk and Compliance is led by the Firm’s Global CCO and FRE for Operational Risk and Qualitative Risk Appetite.
The Firm maintains oversight and coordination of its compliance risk through the CCOR Management Framework. The Firm’s Global CCO and FRE for Operational Risk and Qualitative Risk Appetite also provides regular updates to the Board Risk Committee and the Audit Committee on significant compliance risk issues, as appropriate.
Code of Conduct
The Firm has a Code of Conduct (the “Code”) that sets forth the Firm’s expectation that employees will conduct themselves with integrity, at all times. The Code provides the principles that help govern employee conduct with clients, customers, suppliers, vendors, shareholders, regulators, other employees, as well as with the markets and communities in which the Firm operates. The Code requires employees to promptly report any potential or actual violation of the Code, Firm policies, or laws, rules or regulations applicable to the Firm’s business. It also requires employees to report any illegal or unethical conduct, or conduct that violates the underlying principles of the Code, by any of the Firm’s employees, consultants, clients, customers, suppliers, contract or temporary workers, or business partners or agents. Training is assigned to newly hired employees after joining the Firm, and to current employees periodically thereafter. Employees are required to affirm their compliance with the Code annually.
Employees can report any potential or actual violations of the Code through the Firm’s Conduct Hotline (the “Hotline”) by phone, mobile device or the internet. The Hotline is anonymous, where permitted by law, is available at all times globally, has translation services, and is administered by an outside service provider. The Code prohibits retaliation against anyone who raises an issue or concern in good faith or assists with an inquiry or investigation. Periodically, the Audit Committee receives reports on the Code of Conduct program.
Management’s discussion and analysis
Conduct risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the risk that any action or misconduct by an employee could lead to unfair client or customer outcomes, impact the integrity of the markets in which the Firm operates, harm employees or the Firm, or compromise the Firm’s reputation.
Overview
Each LOB and Corporate is accountable for identifying and managing its conduct risk to provide appropriate engagement, ownership and sustainability of a culture consistent with the Firm’s Business Principles. The Business Principles serve as a guide for how employees are expected to conduct themselves. With the Business Principles serving as a guide, the Firm’s Code sets out the Firm’s expectations for each employee and provides information and resources to