securities) delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions, as well as collateral related to contracts that have a non-daily call frequency and collateral that the Firm has agreed to return but has not yet settled as of the reporting date. Although this collateral does not reduce the receivables balances and is not included in the tables below, it is available as security against potential exposure that could arise should the fair value of the client’s derivative contracts move in the Firm’s favor. Refer to Note 4 for additional information on the Firm’s use of collateral agreements for derivative transactions.
59
The following tables summarize the net derivative receivables and the internal ratings profile for the periods presented.
Credit portfolio management activities
The Firm uses credit derivatives for two primary purposes: first, in its capacity as a market-maker, and second, as an end-user, to manage the Firm’s own credit risk associated with traditional lending activities (loans and lending-related commitments) and derivatives counterparty exposure in the Firm’s wholesale businesses. In addition, the Firm obtains credit protection against certain loans in the retained wholesale portfolio through the issuance of credit-related notes. Information on credit portfolio management activities is provided in the table below.
(a)
Amounts are presented net, considering the Firm’s net protection purchased or sold with respect to each underlying reference entity or index.
Refer to Credit derivatives in Note 4 of this Form 10-Q and Note 5 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information on credit derivatives and derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities.
60
The Firm’s allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Firm's financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. The Firm's allowance for credit losses generally consists of:
•
the allowance for loan losses, which covers the Firm’s retained loan portfolios (scored and risk-rated) and is presented separately on the Consolidated balance sheets,
•
the allowance for lending-related commitments, which is reflected in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets, and
•
the allowance for credit losses on investment securities, which is reflected in investment securities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
Discussion of changes in the allowance
The allowance for credit losses as of March 31, 2025 was $27.8 billion, reflecting a net addition of $1.0 billion from December 31, 2024. The net addition to the allowance for credit losses was largely driven by changes in the weighted-average macroeconomic outlook, including the qualitative adjustment to reflect additional weight placed on the adverse scenarios due to elevated risks and uncertainties related to the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment.
The net