activities in CIB.
Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements
increased driven by Markets, reflecting higher client-driven market-making activities.
Securities borrowed
increased driven by Markets, reflecting a higher demand for securities to cover short positions.
Refer to Note 11 for additional information on securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed.
Trading assets
increased predominantly due to higher levels of debt and equity instruments in Markets related to client-driven market-making activities. Refer to Notes 2 and 5 for additional information.
Investment securities
increased due to:
•
higher available-for-sale ("AFS") securities, reflecting net purchases, primarily U.S. Treasuries and non-U.S. government debt securities, partially offset by maturities and paydowns, and
•
lower held to-maturity (“HTM”) securities driven by maturities and paydowns.
Refer to Corporate results on pages 88–90,
Investment Portfolio Risk Management on page 140, and Notes 2 and 10 for additional information.
Loans
increased, reflecting:
•
higher outstanding balances in Card Services driven by growth in new accounts and normalization of revolving balances,
•
higher wholesale loans in CIB, and
•
higher securities-based lending in AWM due to higher client demand,
partially offset by
•
a decline in Home Lending as paydowns and loan sales outpaced originations.
The
allowance for loan losses
increased, reflecting a net addition to the allowance for loan losses of $1.9 billion, consisting of:
•
$2.1 billion net addition in
consumer
, primarily in Card Services, predominantly driven by loan growth, reflecting higher revolving balances, including the seasoning of vintages originated in recent years, partially offset by a net reduction in Home Lending in the first quarter of 2024, and
•
a net reduction of $176 million in
wholesale
, reflecting:
–
changes in certain macroeconomic variables, an update to loss assumptions on certain loans in
Markets, and a reduction due to charge-offs largely from collateral-dependent loans,
predominantly offset by
–
net downgrade activity, primarily in Real Estate, and the impact of incorporating the First Republic portfolio into the Firm’s modeled credit loss estimates in the second quarter of 2024.
There was also a $128 million net addition to the allowance for lending-related commitments recognized in other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
Refer to Consolidated Results of Operations and Credit and Investment Risk Management on pages 59–62 and pages 117–140, respectively, Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on pages 161–164, and Notes 2, 3, 12 and 13 for additional information on loans and the total allowance for credit losses.
Accrued interest and accounts receivable
decreased primarily driven by lower
receivables in Payments related to the timing of processing payment activities, due to December 31, 2023 falling on a weekend, as well as lower client