calculated as the average of the three month-end spot balances on applicable regulatory exposures during the reporting quarter. Refer to the Firm’s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports for additional information.
Line of business and Corporate equity
Each LOB and Corporate is allocated capital by taking into consideration a variety of factors including capital levels of similarly rated peers and applicable regulatory capital requirements. Refer to Line of business and Corporate equity on page 104 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information on capital allocation.
The following table presents the capital allocated to each LOB and Corporate.
36
Capital actions
Common stock dividends
The Firm’s common stock dividends are planned as part of the Capital Management governance framework in line with the Firm’s capital management objectives.
On March 18, 2025, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors had declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $1.40 per share, payable on April 30, 2025, an increase from the prior dividend of $1.25 per share. The Firm’s dividends are subject to approval by the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.
Common stock
On June 28, 2024, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a new $30 billion common share repurchase program, effective July 1, 2024. Through June 30, 2024, the Firm was authorized to purchase up to $30 billion of common shares under its previously-approved common share repurchase program that was announced on April 13, 2022.
The following table sets forth the Firm’s repurchases of common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(a)
Excludes excise tax and commissions.
The Board of Directors’ authorization to repurchase common shares is utilized at management’s discretion. The $30 billion common share repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors does not establish specific price targets or timetables. Management determines the amount and timing of common share repurchases based on various factors, including market conditions; legal and regulatory considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm’s capital position (taking into account goodwill and intangibles); organic capital generation; current and proposed future capital requirements; and other investment opportunities. The amount of common shares that the Firm repurchases in any period may be substantially more or less than the amounts estimated or actually repurchased in prior periods, reflecting the dynamic nature of the decision-making process. The Firm’s common share repurchases may be suspended by management at any time.
Refer to Capital actions on page 105 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information.
Refer to Part II, Item 2: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds and Part II, Item 5: Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities on pages