levels consider the Firm’s regulatory capital requirements as well as an internal assessment of capital adequacy, in normal economic cycles and in stress events;
•
Retaining flexibility in order to react to a range of potential events; and
•
Regularly monitoring the Firm’s capital position and following prescribed escalation protocols, both at the Firm and material legal entity levels.
Governance
Committees responsible for overseeing the Firm’s capital management include the Capital Governance Committee, the Firmwide ALCO as well as regional ALCOs, and the CIO, Treasury and Corporate (“CTC”) Risk Committee. In addition, the Board Risk Committee periodically reviews the Firm’s capital risk tolerance. Refer to Firmwide Risk Management on pages 91–95 for additional discussion of the Firmwide ALCO and other risk-related committees.
Capital planning and stress testing
Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review
The Federal Reserve requires the Firm, as a large Bank Holding Company (“BHC”), to submit at least annually a capital plan that has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. The Federal Reserve uses Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”) and other stress testing processes to assess whether large BHCs, such as the Firm, have sufficient capital during periods of economic and financial stress, and have robust, forward-looking capital assessment and planning processes in place that address each BHC’s unique risks to enable it to absorb losses under certain stress scenarios. Through CCAR, the Federal Reserve evaluates each BHC’s capital adequacy and internal capital adequacy assessment processes (“ICAAP”), as well as its plans to make capital distributions, such as dividend payments or stock repurchases. The Federal
Management’s discussion and analysis
Reserve uses results under the severely adverse scenario from its supervisory stress test to determine each firm’s Stress Capital Buffer (“SCB”) requirement for the coming year.
The Firm's current SCB requirement is 3.3% and will remain in effect until September 30, 2025. The Firm’s Standardized CET1 capital ratio requirement, including regulatory buffers, was 12.3% as of December 31, 2024.
Refer to Capital actions on page 105 for information on actions taken by the Firm’s Board of Directors.
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
Annually, the Firm prepares the ICAAP, which informs the Board of Directors of the ongoing assessment of the Firm’s processes for managing the sources and uses of capital as well as compliance with supervisory expectations for capital planning and capital adequacy. The Firm’s ICAAP integrates stress testing protocols with capital planning. The Firm’s Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the capital planning framework.
Stress testing assesses the potential impact of alternative economic and business scenarios on the Firm’s earnings and capital. Economic scenarios, and the parameters underlying those scenarios, are defined