are used to manage the counterparty credit risk associated with loans and lending-related commitments. Credit derivatives compensate the purchaser when the entity referenced in the contract experiences a credit event, such as bankruptcy or a failure to pay an obligation when due. Credit derivatives primarily consist of CDS. Refer to the Credit derivatives section on pages 222–224 of this Note for a further discussion of credit derivatives.
Refer to the risk management derivatives gains and losses table on page 221 and the hedge accounting gains and losses tables on pages 218–221 of this Note for more information about risk management derivatives.
Derivative counterparties and settlement types
The Firm enters into OTC derivatives, which are negotiated and settled bilaterally with the derivative counterparty. The Firm also enters into, as principal, certain ETD such as futures and options, and OTC-cleared derivative contracts with CCPs. ETD contracts are generally standardized contracts traded on an exchange and cleared by the CCP, which is the Firm’s counterparty from the inception of the transactions. OTC-cleared derivatives are traded on a bilateral basis and then novated to the CCP for clearing.
Derivative clearing services
The Firm provides clearing services for clients in which the Firm acts as a clearing member at certain exchanges and clearing houses. The Firm does not reflect the clients’ derivative contracts in its Consolidated Financial Statements. Refer to Note 28 for further information on the Firm’s clearing services.
Accounting for derivatives
All free-standing derivatives that the Firm executes for its own account are required to be recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value.
As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm nets derivative assets and liabilities, and the related cash collateral receivables and payables, when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists between the Firm and the derivative counterparty. Refer to Note 1 for further discussion of the offsetting of assets and liabilities. The accounting for changes in value of a derivative depends on whether or not the transaction has been designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges are reported and measured at fair value through earnings. The tabular disclosures on pages 213–221 of this Note provide additional information on the amount of, and reporting for, derivative assets, liabilities, gains and losses. Refer to Notes 2 and 3 for a further discussion of derivatives embedded in structured notes.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
Derivatives designated as hedges
The Firm applies hedge accounting to certain derivatives executed for risk management purposes – generally interest rate, foreign exchange and commodity derivatives. However, JPMorganChase does not seek to apply hedge accounting to all of the derivatives associated with the Firm’s risk management activities. For example, the Firm does not