and deposits in non-U.S. branches that are dually payable in the U.S. and in a non-U.S. branch) have priority over the claims of other unsecured creditors of the institution, including depositors in non-U.S. branches and public noteholders.
Consumer supervision and regulation.
JPMorganChase and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are subject to supervision and regulation in the U.S. by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. The CFPB also has jurisdiction over small business lending activities with respect to fair lending and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. As part of its regulatory oversight, the CFPB has authority to take enforcement actions against firms that offer certain products and services to consumers using practices that are deemed to be unfair, deceptive or abusive. In March 2024, the CFPB released a final rule which significantly reduces the late payment fees that large credit card issuers, including the Firm, are permitted to charge to customers (the “CFPB Late Fee Rule”). The final rule is currently stayed pending resolution of an industry-led challenge in federal court. Refer to Litigation and regulatory challenges on pages 6-7 for further information.
In addition, in October 2024, the CFPB issued a final rule that requires data providers, including banks, to make certain consumer data available to consumers and authorized third parties in electronic form beginning in April 2026 (the “CFPB Data Sharing Rule”). Refer to Litigation and regulatory challenges on pages 6-7 for further information.
Separately, in December 2024, the CFPB announced a final rule that would significantly restrict overdraft fees for certain insured depository institutions, including the Firm (the “CFPB Overdraft Rule”). The rule imposes certain requirements on overdraft protections that are similar to those that apply to credit cards, unless the institution prices the overdraft fee at $5 per transaction or the institution’s cost as outlined by the CFPB
.
Refer to Litigation and regulatory challenges on pages 6-7 for further information.
In October 2023, the Federal Reserve Board proposed to lower the maximum interchange fee that large debit card issuers, including the Firm, would be permitted to receive for a debit card transaction. The proposal would also establish a process for automatically publishing an updated maximum fee amount every other year going forward.
The Firm’s consumer activities are also subject to regulation under state
statutes which are enforced by the Attorney General or empowered agency of each state.
In the U.K., the Firm operates a retail bank through J.P. Morgan Europe Limited (“JPMEL”) and provides retail investment management services through Nutmeg Saving and Investment Limited