Reserve banks, various other central banks and FHLBs. Additionally, the Firm pledges assets for other purposes, including to collateralize repurchase and other securities financing agreements, to cover short sales and to collateralize derivative contracts and deposits. Certain of these pledged assets may be sold or repledged or otherwise used by the secured parties and are parenthetically identified on the Consolidated balance sheets as assets pledged.
The following table presents the carrying value of the Firm’s pledged assets.
Total pledged assets do not include assets of consolidated VIEs; these assets are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. Refer to Note 14 for additional information on assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs. Refer to Note 11 for additional information on the Firm’s securities financing activities. Refer to Note 20 for additional information on the Firm’s long-term debt.
The significant components of the Firm’s pledged assets were as follows.
Collateral
The Firm accepts financial assets as collateral that it is permitted to sell or repledge, deliver or otherwise use. This collateral is generally obtained under resale and other securities financing agreements, prime brokerage-related held-for-investment customer receivables and derivative contracts. Collateral is generally used under repurchase and other securities financing agreements, to cover short sales, and to collateralize derivative contracts and deposits.
The following table presents the fair value of collateral accepted.
Note 30 –
Litigation
Contingencies
As of December 31, 2024, the Firm and its subsidiaries and affiliates are defendants or respondents in numerous evolving legal proceedings, including private proceedings, public proceedings, government investigations, regulatory enforcement matters, and the matters described below. The litigations range from individual actions involving a single plaintiff to class action lawsuits with potentially millions of class members. Investigations and regulatory enforcement matters involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations. These legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudication, arbitration or investigation, and involve each of the Firm’s lines of business and several geographies and a wide variety of claims (including common law tort and contract claims and statutory antitrust, securities and consumer protection claims), some of which present novel legal theories.
The Firm believes the estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses, in excess of reserves established, for its legal proceedings is from $
0
to approximately $
1.4
billion at December 31, 2024. This estimated aggregate range of reasonably possible losses was based upon information available as of that date for those proceedings in which the Firm believes that an estimate of reasonably possible loss can be made. For certain matters, the Firm does not believe