exceeding fair value less costs to sell (“transaction costs”). Transaction costs for the Firm’s physical commodities inventories are either not applicable or immaterial to the value of the inventory. Therefore, net realizable value approximates fair value for the Firm’s physical commodities inventories. When fair value hedging has been applied (or when net realizable value is below cost), the carrying value of physical commodities approximates fair value, because under fair value hedge accounting, the cost basis is adjusted for changes in
86
fair value. Refer to Note 4 for a further discussion of the Firm’s hedge accounting relationships. To provide consistent fair value disclosure information, all physical commodities inventories have been included in each period presented.
(c)
Balances reflect the reduction of securities owned (long positions) by the amount of identical securities sold but not yet purchased (short positions).
(d)
Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the fair values of these investments, which include certain hedge funds, private equity funds, real estate and other funds, were $
1.1
billion and $
1.0
billion, respectively, primarily reported in other assets.
(e)
As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral received and paid when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. The level 3 balances would be reduced if netting were applied, including the netting benefit associated with cash collateral.
Level 3 valuations
Refer to Note 2 of JPMorganChase’s 2024 Form 10-K for further information on the Firm’s valuation process and a detailed discussion of the determination of fair value for individual financial instruments.
The following table presents the Firm’s primary level 3 financial instruments, the valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of those financial instruments, the significant unobservable inputs, the range of values for those inputs and the weighted or arithmetic averages of such inputs. While the determination to classify an instrument within level 3 is based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement, level 3 financial instruments typically include observable components (that is, components that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources) in addition to the unobservable components. The level 1 and/or level 2 inputs are not included in the table. In addition, the Firm manages the risk of the observable components of level 3 financial instruments using securities and derivative positions that are classified within levels 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
The range of values presented in the table is representative of the highest and lowest level input