pursues a variety of investment strategies in leveraged credit and alternative credit.
Leveraged Credit.
Our leveraged credit strategies seek to primarily invest in assets such as leveraged loans (including revolving credit facilities), high yield bonds, and structured credit (including CLOs and asset-backed securities). Within leveraged credit, we manage both single-asset class and multi-asset class pools of capital. Our opportunistic credit strategy seeks to deploy capital across investment themes that seek to take advantage of credit market dislocations and relative value opportunities spanning, asset types and liquidity profiles. Our multi-asset credit strategy seeks to dynamically allocate across public liquid credit asset types in a broadly diversified strategy.
102
Table of
Contents
Alternative Credit.
Our alternative credit strategy consists of our (i) private credit strategies and (ii) investments overseen by our credit platform’s strategic investments group (“SIG”):
•
Private Credit.
Our private credit strategies focus on privately or directly originated and negotiated transactions. These strategies include direct lending typically in the senior part of a company’s capital structure, junior mezzanine debt, and asset-based finance. Through our direct lending strategy, we seek to make investments in primarily senior debt financings for middle-market companies. Through our junior mezzanine debt strategy, investments typically consist of subordinated debt, which generates a current yield, coupled with marginal equity exposure for additional upside potential. Our asset-based finance strategy focuses on multi-sector investments secured by portfolios of financial assets, including loans backed by hard assets across the risk-return spectrum. We also own 18 captive origination platforms that are dedicated to sourcing and structuring asset-based financial assets, hard assets, and contractual cash flows.
•
Strategic Investments Group.
This strategy seeks to provide strategic capital solutions to high quality, mid-to-large cap companies and assets. The strategy pursues investment capital solutions in corporate credit where we believe market volatility or other investment themes have created the opportunity to invest opportunistically across the capital structure and through market cycles to generate outsized returns, and which may include investment terms intended to offer various levels of downside-protection. These investment opportunities may include debt (senior and junior), preferred equity, convertible debt, and structured equity. These investments may include non-control-oriented opportunities, a variety of capital solutions for third-party investment vehicles, balance sheet optimization capital solutions, strategic partner capital, and other event-driven investments in debt or equity.
Hedge Fund Platform
Our hedge fund platform consists of strategic partnerships with third-party hedge fund managers in which KKR owns a minority stake. This