sponsored reinsurance vehicles that are not guaranteed by KKR or Global Atlantic.
69
Table of Contents
(4)
Interest rates of the notes are fixed and the weighted average interest rates are the following:
Debt Covenants
Borrowings of KKR (including Global Atlantic) contain various debt covenants. These covenants do not, in management's opinion, materially restrict KKR's operating business or investment strategies as of March 31, 2025. KKR (including Global Atlantic) was in compliance with such debt covenants in all material respects as of March 31, 2025.
17.
POLICY LIABILITIES
The following reflects the reconciliation of the components of policy liabilities to the total balance reported in the consolidated statements of financial condition as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
(1)
Other policy-related liabilities as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 primarily consist of embedded derivatives associated with contractholder deposit funds ($
5.9
billion and $
6.0
billion, respectively), cost-of-reinsurance liabilities ($
3.2
billion and $
3.1
billion, respectively), policy liabilities accounted under a fair value option (both $
1.2
billion), negative VOBA ($
743.0
million and $
766.3
million, respectively) and outstanding claims ($
352.7
million and $
303.8
million, respectively).
Policyholders’ Account Balances
The following reflects the policyholders’ account balances roll-forward for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and the policyholders’ account balances weighted average interest rates, net amount at risk, and cash surrender value as of those dates:
(1)
“Other” consists of activity related to payout annuities without life contingencies, preneed, variable annuities, and life products.
(2)
Interest includes interest credited to policyholders’ account values, and interest accreted in other components of the policyholder account balance, including investment-type contract values, host amounts for contractholder deposits with embedded derivatives, funding agreements, and other associated reserves.
(3)
“Other activity” includes policy charges, fees and commissions, transfers, assumption changes, fair value changes, and the impact of hedge fair value adjustments.
70
Table of Contents
(4)
Net amount at risk represents the difference between the face value of the insurance policy and the reserve accumulated under that same policy.
(5)
Cash surrender values are reported net of any applicable surrender charges, net of reinsurance.
(1)
“Other” consists of activity related to payout annuities without life contingencies, preneed, variable annuities, and life products.
(2)
Interest includes interest credited to policyholders’ account values, and interest accreted in other components of the policyholder account balance, including investment-type contract values, host amounts for contractholder deposits with embedded derivatives, funding agreements, and other associated reserves.
(3)
“Other activity” includes policy charges, fees and