representative of any past or future performance for any particular period other than the period presented below. Past performance is no guarantee of any future result.
(1)
Recycled capital is excluded from the amounts invested and realized.
(2)
These credit funds utilize third-party financing facilities to provide liquidity to such funds, and in such event IRRs are calculated from the time capital contributions are due from fund investors to the time fund investors receive a related distribution from the fund. The use of such financing facilities generally decreases the amount of invested capital that would otherwise be used to calculate IRRs, which tends to increase IRRs when fair value grows over time and decrease IRRs when fair value decreases over time. IRRs measure the aggregate annual compounded returns generated by a fund's investments over a holding period and are calculated taking into account recycled capital. Net IRRs presented are calculated after giving effect to the allocation of realized and unrealized carried interest and the payment of any applicable management fees and organizational expenses.  Gross IRRs are calculated before giving effect to the allocation of carried interest and the payment of any applicable management fees and organizational expenses.
(3)
The multiples of invested capital measure the aggregate value generated by a fund's investments in absolute terms. Each multiple of invested capital is calculated by adding together the total realized and unrealized values of a fund's investments and dividing by the total amount of capital invested by the investors. The use of financing facilities generally decreases the amount of invested capital that would otherwise be used to calculate multiples of invested capital, which tends to increase multiples when fair value grows over time and decrease multiples when fair value decreases over time. Such amounts do not give effect to the allocation of any realized and unrealized returns on a fund's investments to the fund's general partner pursuant to a carried interest or the payment of any applicable management fees and are calculated without taking into account recycled capital.
For additional information regarding impact of market conditions on the value and performance of our investments, see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Difficult market and economic conditions can, and periodically do, materially and adversely affect KKR." and "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Investment Activities—Future results of our investments may be different than, and may not achieve the levels of, any of our historical returns" in our Annual Report.
105
Table of
Contents
The table below presents information as of March 31, 2025, based on the investment funds or other investment vehicles or accounts offered by our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line. Our funds, investment vehicles, and accounts have been sorted based upon their primary investment strategies. However, the AUM