from acquisitions of companies (including the acquisition of Global Atlantic and businesses in our Strategic Holdings segment), internal reorganizations or strategic partnerships with third parties; the timing and expected impact to our business of any new investment fund, vehicle or product launches; the timing and completion of certain transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement entered into on October 8, 2021 by KKR & Co. Inc; the implementation or execution of, or results from, any strategic initiatives, including efforts to access individual investors; and the modification of our compensation framework announced on November 29, 2023, which decreased the targeted percentage of compensation from fee related revenues and increased the targeted percentage from realized carried interest and incentive fees. Forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements or cause the anticipated benefits and synergies from transactions to not be realized. We believe these factors include those described in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (our "Annual Report"). These factors should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law.
CERTAIN TERMS USED IN THIS REPORT
In this report, references to "KKR," "we," "us," and "our" refer to KKR & Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries, including The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC ("TGAFG" and, together with its insurance companies and other subsidiaries, "Global Atlantic"), unless the context requires otherwise.
References to the “Series I preferred stockholder” or “KKR Management” are to KKR Management LLP, the holder of the sole outstanding share of our Series I preferred stock. References to our “senior principals” are to our senior employees who hold interests in the Series I preferred stockholder, including Mr. Henry Kravis and Mr. George Roberts (our "Co-Founders"). References to "principals" are to our current and former employees who formerly held interests ("KKR Holdings Units") in KKR Holdings L.P. ("KKR Holdings"), which we acquired on May 31, 2022, pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, as discussed below. References to “carry pool participants” are to our current and former employees who hold interests in our “carry pool,” which refers to the carried interest generated by KKR’s business that is allocated to KKR Associates Holdings L.P. (“Associates Holdings”), in which carry pool participants are limited partners. Associates