repayment. When we underwrite an offering of securities on a firm commitment basis, we commit to buy and sell an issue of securities and generate revenue by purchasing the securities at a discount or for a fee. When we act in an agency capacity or best efforts basis, we generate revenue for arranging financing or placing securities with capital markets investors. We may also provide issuers with capital markets advice on capital structuring, access to markets, marketing considerations, securities pricing, and other aspects of capital markets transactions in exchange for a fee. Our capital markets business also provides syndication services in respect of co-investments in transactions participated in by KKR, our funds, Global Atlantic, and third-party clients, which may entitle the firm to receive syndication fees, management fees, and/or a carried interest.
The capital markets business has a global footprint, with local presence and licenses to carry out certain broker-dealer activities in various countries in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East. Our flagship capital markets subsidiaries include KKR Capital Markets LLC, which is an SEC-registered broker-dealer and a member of FINRA, KKR Capital Markets (Ireland) Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland, KKR Capital Markets Partners LLP, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, KKR Capital Markets Japan Limited, a Type I and Type II Financial Instruments Business Operator (broker dealer) under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan, KKR Capital Markets Asia Limited, a Hong Kong licensed asset manager and broker-dealer licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong to carry on dealing in securities, advising on securities and asset management regulated activities, and KKR Capital Markets Asia II Limited, a Hong Kong licensed broker-dealer licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong to carry on dealing in securities and advising on securities.
Principal Activities
Through our Principal Activities business line, we manage certain of the firm’s assets and deploy capital to support and grow our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines.
Typically, the funds in our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines contractually require us, as general partner of the funds, to make sizable capital commitments. We believe making general partner commitments assists us in raising new funds from limited partners by demonstrating our conviction in a given fund’s strategy. Our commitments to fund capital also occurs where we are the holder of the subordinated notes or the equity tranche of investment vehicles that we sponsor, including structured transactions. We also use our balance sheet to bridge investment activity during fundraising and, for example, by funding investments for new funds. We also use our own capital