management of the investments. All Level III valuations for investments in Asset Management and Strategic Holdings are also subject to approval by the Global Valuation Committee, which is comprised of senior employees including investment professionals and professionals from business operations functions, and includes KKR's Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel, and Chief Compliance Officer. Once Level III valuations are approved by the Global Valuation Committee, a presentation of such valuations is provided to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of KKR & Co. Inc. and then to the Board of Directors.
Level III investments held by Global Atlantic are valued using either pricing services, broker-dealers, third-party asset managers, or internal models. Global Atlantic's valuation committee performs a quantitative and qualitative analysis over all pricing sources used to verify that it represents a reasonable estimate of fair value. As of March 31, 2025, less than 5% of the total value of Global Atlantic's Level III investments were not valued with the engagement of an independent valuation firm. Once Level III valuations are approved by the Global Atlantic Valuation Committee, these valuations are presented to the Global Valuation Committee, and then a presentation of such valuations is provided to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of KKR & Co. Inc. and then to the Board of Directors.
As of March 31, 2025, upon completion by, where applicable, independent valuation firms of certain limited procedures requested to be performed by them on certain Level III investments, the independent valuation firms concluded that the fair values, as determined by KKR (including Global Atlantic), of those investments reviewed by them were reasonable. The limited procedures did not involve an audit, review, compilation or any other form of examination or attestation under generally accepted auditing standards and were not conducted on all Level III investments. We are responsible for determining the fair value of investments in good faith, and the limited procedures performed by an independent valuation firm are supplementary to the inquiries and procedures that we are required to undertake to determine the fair value of the commensurate investments.
As described above, Level II and Level III investments were valued using internal models with significant unobservable inputs, and our determinations of the fair values of these investments may differ materially from the values that would have resulted if readily observable inputs had existed. Additional external factors may cause those values, and the values of investments for which readily observable inputs exist, to increase or decrease over time, which may create volatility in our earnings and the amounts of assets and stockholders' equity that we report from time to time.
Changes in the fair value of investments impacts the amount of carried