valuations of investments and the impact of competition we face.
These risks, uncertainties, and other conditions should be read in conjunction with this Business Environment section and the entire Risk Factor section of our Annual Report. In particular, see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Geopolitical developments and other local and global events outside of our control can materially and adversely impact KKR”, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Investment Activities—Our valuation methodologies for certain assets can be subjective, and the fair value of assets established pursuant to such subjective methodologies is uncertain and may never be realized”,  “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Investment Activities—Various market and economic conditions and events outside of our control that are difficult to quantify or predict may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on our financial results”, and "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—The investment management and insurance businesses are intensely competitive."
Basis of Accounting and Key Financial Measures under GAAP
We manage our business using certain financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our operating activities. We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). See Note 2 “ Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in our financial statements and “—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” contained in this section below. Our key Segment and non-GAAP financial measures and operating metrics are discussed below.
Key Segment and Non-GAAP Performance Measures
The following key segment and non-GAAP performance measures are used by management in making operational and resource deployment decisions as well as assessing the performance of KKR's business. They include certain financial measures that are calculated and presented using methodologies other than in accordance with GAAP. These performance measures as described below are presented prior to giving effect to the allocation of income (loss) between KKR & Co. Inc. and holders of exchangeable securities and as such represent the entire KKR business in total. In addition, these performance measures are presented without giving effect to the consolidation of certain investment funds and collateralized financing entities ("CFEs") that KKR manages.
We believe that providing these segment and non-GAAP performance measures on a supplemental basis to our GAAP results is helpful to stockholders in assessing the overall performance of KKR's business. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, where