plan-wide, trust-wide, system-wide, pension fund-wide, tier-wide relief, or relief on behalf of or for the KPPA Entities.  KKR, Messrs. Kravis and Roberts, Prisma Capital Partners L.P., and the other defendants that are party to the settlement deny any liability, wrongdoing, or damage, maintain that the settlement is not an admission of any fault, liability, wrongdoing or damage, and maintain that they have entered into the settlement solely to avoid further legal expense, inconvenience, and the distraction of burdensome and protracted litigation.  Until such time as the settlement becomes final, KKR intends to continue to vigorously defend against all claims against KKR and Messrs. Kravis and Roberts.
Shareholder Derivative Litigation
On July 30, 2024, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in Delaware Chancery Court and was subsequently amended on August 7, 2024.
The amended complaint claims, among other matters, that the Co-Founders and various current and former executive officers and directors of KKR & Co. Inc. breached fiduciary duties and wasted corporate assets in connection with transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Co-Founders, certain current and former executive officers, and other senior executives of KKR received common stock from KKR. The suit seeks to recover on behalf of KKR & Co. Inc. a cancellation of shares issued in the reorganization, monetary damages, injunctive relief, restitution, and other remedies. KKR & Co. Inc. filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on December 19, 2024.
94
Table of Contents
Regulatory Matters
KKR currently is, and expects to continue to become from time to time, subject to various examinations, inquiries and investigations by various U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and regulatory agencies. Such examinations, inquiries and investigations may result in the commencement of civil, criminal or administrative proceedings, or the imposition of fines, penalties, or other remedies, against KKR and its personnel. KKR is subject to periodic examinations of its regulated businesses by various U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and regulatory agencies, including but not limited to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"), the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, Central Bank of Ireland, Monetary Authority of Singapore, U.S. state insurance regulatory authorities, and the Bermuda Monetary Authority. KKR may also become subject to inquiries or investigations (through a request for information, civil investigative demand, subpoena or otherwise) by any of the foregoing governmental and regulatory agencies as well as by any other U.S. or non-U.S. governmental or regulatory agency, including but not limited to the SEC, U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ"), U.S. state attorney generals, and similar non-U.S. governmental or regulatory agencies.
KKR has been subject to investigations by the