under KKR’s dividend policy, which is a fixed amount per period, and ANI should not be viewed as a measure of KKR’s liquidity.
Total Segment Earnings
Total Segment Earnings is a performance measure that KKR believes is useful to stockholders as it provides a supplemental measure of our operating performance without taking into account items that KKR does not believe arise from or relate directly to KKR's operations. Total Segment Earnings excludes: (i) equity-based compensation charges, (ii) amortization of acquired intangibles, and (iii) transaction-related and non-operating items, if any. Transaction-related and non-operating items arise from corporate actions and non-operating items, which consist of: (i) impairments, (ii) transaction costs from acquisitions, (iii) depreciation on real estate that KKR owns and occupies, (iv) contingent liabilities, net of any recoveries, and (v) other gains or charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of KKR's ongoing operational performance. Inter-segment transactions are not eliminated from segment results when management considers those transactions in assessing the results of the respective segments. These transactions include (i) management fees earned by our Asset Management segment as the investment adviser for Global Atlantic insurance companies, (ii) management and performance fees earned by our Asset Management segment for acquiring and managing the companies included in our Strategic Holdings segment, and (iii) interest income and expense based on lending arrangements where our Asset Management segment borrows from our Insurance segment. All these inter-segment transactions are recorded by each segment based on the applicable governing agreements. Additionally, due to the integrated nature of our segment operations and as part of our strategic capital allocation decisions, intersegment asset transfers may occur. In these cases in segment reporting, the assets are transferred at their fair value, and no gain or loss is recognized at the time of transfer. Earnings are recognized upon realization events and transactions with third parties. Total Segment Earnings represents the total segment earnings of KKR’s Asset Management, Insurance and Strategic Holdings segments.
114
Table of
Contents
Asset Management Segment Earnings
Asset management segment earnings is the segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and to assess the performance of the Asset Management segment. This measure is presented before income taxes and is comprised of: (i) Fee Related Earnings, (ii) Realized Performance Income, (iii) Realized Performance Income Compensation, (iv) Realized Investment Income, and (v) Realized Investment Income Compensation. Asset Management Segment Earnings excludes the impact of: (i) unrealized gains (losses) on investments, (ii) unrealized carried interest, and (iii) unrealized carried interest compensation. Management fees earned by KKR as the adviser,