price of PCD securities. Amount excludes unrealized losses related to non-credit impairment.
(2)
Includes credit loss allowances on purchase-credit deteriorated fixed maturity securities of $(
5.7
) million.
(1)
Represents the cumulative amount of credit impairments that have been recognized in the consolidated statements of operations (as net investment gains (losses)) or that were recognized as a gross-up of the purchase price of PCD securities. Amount excludes unrealized losses related to non-credit impairment.
(2)
Includes credit loss allowances on purchase-credit deteriorated fixed maturity securities of $(
9.2
) million.
Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties, or Global Atlantic may have the right to put or sell the obligations back to the issuers. Structured securities are shown separately as they have periodic payments and are not due at a single maturity.
26
Table of Contents
The maturity distribution for AFS fixed maturity securities is as follows:
Securities in a Continuous Unrealized Loss Position
The following tables provide information about AFS fixed maturity securities that have been continuously in an unrealized loss position:
27
Table of Contents
Unrealized gains and losses can be created by changing interest rates or several other factors, including changing credit spreads. Global Atlantic had gross unrealized losses on below investment grade AFS fixed maturity securities of $
332.9
million and $
557.4
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The single largest unrealized loss on AFS fixed maturity securities was $
49.9
million and $
54.4
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Global Atlantic had
5,055
and
5,966
securities in an unrealized loss position as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
As of March 31, 2025, AFS fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more consisted of
3,127
fixed maturity securities. AFS fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more with an allowance for credit losses had a fair value and gross unrealized losses of $
1.9
billion and $
182.0
million, respectively, as of March 31, 2025. These fixed maturity securities primarily relate to Corporate, RMBS, and U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions fixed maturity securities, which have depressed values due primarily to an increase in interest rates since the purchase of these securities. Unrealized losses were not recognized in net income on these fixed maturity securities since Global Atlantic neither intends to sell the securities nor does it believe that it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost or amortized cost basis. For securities with significant declines in value, individual security level analysis was performed