Preferred Stock, and, the changes to occur effective on the Sunset Date are unconditional commitments of the parties to the Reorganization Agreement.
18
Table of Contents
2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying unaudited financial statements of KKR & Co. Inc. have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") for interim financial information and the instructions to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The condensed consolidated financial statements (referred to hereafter as the "financial statements"), including these notes, are unaudited and exclude some of the disclosures required in annual financial statements. Management believes it has made all necessary adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring items) such that the financial statements are presented fairly and that estimates made in preparing the financial statements are reasonable and prudent. The operating results presented for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the entire year. The consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2024 were derived from audited financial statements included in KKR & Co. Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on February 28, 2025 (our "Annual Report"), and the financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements included therein. Additionally, in the accompanying financial statements, the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition are referred to hereafter as the "consolidated statements of financial condition"; the condensed consolidated statements of operations are referred to hereafter as the "consolidated statements of operations"; the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) are referred to hereafter as the "consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss)"; the condensed consolidated statements of changes in equity are referred to hereafter as the "consolidated statements of changes in equity"; and the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows are referred to hereafter as the "consolidated statements of cash flows."
KKR consolidates the financial results of KKR Group Partnership and its consolidated entities, which include the accounts of KKR's investment management and capital markets companies, the general partners of certain unconsolidated investment funds, general partners of consolidated investment funds and their respective consolidated investment funds, Global Atlantic’s insurance companies and certain other entities including CFEs.
The presentations in the consolidated statement of financial condition and consolidated statement of operations reflect the significant industry diversification of KKR by its acquisition of Global Atlantic. Global Atlantic