mortality, and expected surrenders and lapses are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances.
Note: Hypothetical changes to the liability for future policy benefits balance do not reflect the impact of related hedges.
(1)
Includes decrements for terminations of disability insurance
Additional Liability for Annuitization, Death, or Other Insurance Benefits: No-Lapse Guarantees
Global Atlantic has in-force interest-sensitive life contracts where it provides a secondary guarantee to the policyholder. The policy can remain in-force, even if the base policy account value is zero, as long as contractual secondary guarantee requirements have been met. The primary risk to Global Atlantic is that the premium collected under these policies, together with the investment return Global Atlantic earns on that premium, is ultimately insufficient to pay the policyholder’s benefits and the expenses associated with issuing and administering these policies. Global Atlantic holds an additional reserve in connection with these guarantees.
160
Table of
Contents
The additional reserves related to interest-sensitive life products with secondary guarantees are calculated using methods similar to those described above under “—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Insurance—Policy Liabilities—Market Risk Benefits.” The costs related to these secondary guarantees are recognized over the life of the contracts through the accrual and subsequent release of a reserve which is revalued each period. The reserve is calculated based on assessments, over a range of economic scenarios to incorporate the variability in the obligation that may occur under different environments. The change in the reserve is included in policy benefits and claims in the consolidated statements of operations.
As of March 31, 2025, the additional liability balance of primarily interest-sensitive life totaled $6.0 billion, net of reinsurance. The increase (decrease) to the additional liability balance, as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, equity market prices, annual equity growth, expected mortality, and expected surrenders are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of the interest-sensitive life no-lapse guarantee liability balance.
Note: Hypothetical changes to the interest-sensitive life additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits balance do not reflect the impact of related hedges.
Embedded Derivatives in Policy Liabilities and Funds Withheld
Global Atlantic's fixed-indexed annuity, variable annuity, and indexed universal life products contain equity-indexed features, which are considered embedded derivatives and are required to be measured at