trading day period beginning on, and including, the
21
st scheduled trading day immediately prior to March 1, 2028.
Dividends on the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by KKR & Co. Inc.’s board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, at an annual rate of
6.25
% on the liquidation preference of $
50.00
per share of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and may be paid in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of common stock or, subject to certain limitations, any combination of cash and shares of common stock. If declared, dividends on the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year to, and including, March 1, 2028, commencing on June 1, 2025.
Upon KKR & Co. Inc.’s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, each holder of the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive a liquidation preference in the amount of $
50.00
per share of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to accumulated and unpaid dividends on such shares, whether or not declared, to, but excluding, the date fixed for liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, such amount to be paid out of KKR & Co. Inc.’s assets legally available for distribution to its stockholders after satisfaction of debt and other liabilities owed to KKR & Co. Inc.’s creditors and holders of shares of its stock ranking senior to the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and before any payment or distribution is made to holders of any stock ranking junior to the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, Common Stock.
87
Table of Contents
Share Repurchase Program
Under KKR's repurchase program, shares of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc. may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by KKR in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. In addition to the repurchases of common stock, the repurchase program will be used for the retirement (by cash settlement or the payment of tax withholding amounts upon net settlement) of equity awards granted pursuant to our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan representing the right to receive common stock. KKR expects that the program will be in effect until the maximum approved dollar amount has been used. The program does not require KKR to repurchase or retire any specific number of shares of common stock or equity awards, respectively, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. In April 2024, the share repurchase program was amended such that when the remaining available amount under the share repurchase