assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances.
Note: Hypothetical changes to the market risk benefits liability balance do not reflect the impact of related hedges.
Policy Liabilities Accounted for Under a Fair Value Option
Variable annuity contracts offered and assumed by Global Atlantic provide the contractholder with a GMDB. The liabilities for these benefits are included in policy liabilities. Global Atlantic elected the fair value option to measure the liability for certain of these variable annuity contracts valued at $292.2 million as of March 31, 2025. Fair value is calculated as the present value of the estimated death benefits less the present value of the GMDB fees, using 1,000 risk neutral scenarios. Global Atlantic discounts the cash flows using the U.S. Treasury rates plus an adjustment for instrument-specific credit risk in the consolidated statement of financial condition. The change in the liabilities for these benefits is included in policy benefits and claims in the consolidated statement of operations.
As of March 31, 2025, variable annuities accounted for using the fair value option totaled $292.2 million. The increase (decrease) in the reserves for variable annuities accounted for using the fair value option as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, instrument-specific credit risk, equity market prices, expected mortality, and expected surrenders are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances.
159
Table of
Contents
Note: Hypothetical changes to the liability balances do not reflect the impact of related hedges.
Liability for Future Policyholder Benefits
A liability for future policy benefits, which is the present value of estimated future policy benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and certain related expenses less the present value of estimated future net premiums to be collected from policyholders, is accrued as premium revenue is recognized. The liability is estimated using current assumptions that include mortality, morbidity, lapses, and expenses. These current assumptions are based on judgments that consider Global Atlantic’s historical experience, industry data, and other factors, and are updated quarterly and the current period change in the liability is recognized as a separate component of benefit expense in the consolidated income statement.
As of March 31, 2025, the liability for future policy benefits totaled $11.3 billion, net of reinsurance, split between $9.8 billion associated with payout annuity products, and $1.5 billion of life and other insurance products (including assumed long-term care insurance where Global Atlantic retroceded mortality and morbidity risks to a third-party reinsurer). The increase (decrease) as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, credit spreads, expected