fair value.
Global Atlantic calculates the embedded derivative as the present value of future projected benefits in excess of the projected guaranteed benefits, using an option budget as the indexed account value growth rate. In addition, the fair value of the embedded derivative is reduced to reflect instrument specific credit risk on Global Atlantic's obligation (that is, Global Atlantic's own credit risk).
Changes in interest rates, future index credits, instrument-specific credit risk, projected withdrawal and surrender activity, and mortality on fixed-indexed annuity and interest-sensitive life products can have a significant impact on the value of the embedded derivative.
Valuation of Embedded Derivatives – Fixed-Indexed Annuities
Fixed-indexed annuity contracts allow the policyholder to elect a fixed interest rate of return or a market indexed strategy where interest credited is based on the performance of an index, such as the S&P 500 Index, or other indexes. The market indexed strategy is an embedded derivative, similar to a call option. The fair value of the embedded derivative is computed as the present value of benefits attributable to the excess of the projected policy contract values over the projected minimum guaranteed contract values. The projections of policy contract values are based on assumptions for future policy growth, which include assumptions for expected index credits, future equity option costs, volatility, interest rates, and policyholder behavior. The projections of minimum guaranteed contract values include the same assumptions for policyholder behavior as are used to project policy contract values. The embedded derivative cash flows are discounted using a risk-free interest rate increased by instrument-specific credit risk tied to Global Atlantic's own credit rating.
161
Table of
Contents
Valuation of Embedded Derivatives – Interest-Sensitive Life Products
Interest-sensitive life products allow a policyholder’s account value to grow based on the performance of certain equity indexes, which results in an embedded derivative similar to a call option. The embedded derivative related to the index is bifurcated from the host contract and measured at fair value. The valuation of the embedded derivative is the present value of future projected benefits in excess of the projected guaranteed benefits, using the option budget as the indexed account value growth rate and the guaranteed interest rate as the guaranteed account value growth rate. Present values are based on discount rate curves determined at the valuation date or issue date as well as assumed lapse and mortality rates. The discount rate equals the forecast treasury rate increased by instrument-specific credit risk tied to Global Atlantic’s own credit rating. Changes in discount rates and other assumptions such as spreads and/or option budgets can have a substantial impact on the embedded derivative.
Valuation of Embedded Derivatives in Modified Coinsurance or