and life insurance company that provides a broad suite of protection, legacy and savings products, and reinsurance solutions to clients across individual and institutional markets. Global Atlantic primarily offers individuals fixed-rate annuities, fixed-indexed annuities, and targeted life products through a network of banks, broker-dealers, and independent marketing organizations. Global Atlantic provides its institutional clients customized reinsurance solutions, including block, flow, and pension risk transfer reinsurance, as well as funding agreements. Global Atlantic primarily generates income by earning a spread between its investment income and the cost of policyholder benefits. As of March 31, 2025, Global Atlantic served over three and a half million policyholders.
Our Strategic Holdings business is currently comprised of the firm’s ownership in the businesses we acquired through our participation in our core private equity strategy. In our core private equity strategy, our objective is to acquire and manage controlling interests in operating companies, which we intend to hold over a longer period of time and that we believe have a lower anticipated risk profile than our investments in businesses acquired through our traditional private equity strategy. As of March 31, 2025, our Strategic Holdings segment consisted of our ownership stakes in 18 companies that we acquired through our core private equity strategy.
97
Table of
Contents
Asset Management
Our asset management business offers a broad range of investment management services to fund investors around the world. In our asset management business, we have five business lines: (1) Private Equity, (2) Real Assets, (3) Credit and Liquid Strategies, (4) Capital Markets, and (5) Principal Activities. In addition to the overviews of each of these business lines provided in this report, please also refer to our Annual Report. As an asset management firm, we earn fees, including management fees and incentive fees, and carried interest for providing investment management and other services to our investment vehicles, CLOs, managed accounts, portfolio companies, and certain operating companies, and we generate transaction fees from capital markets transactions. We earn additional investment income by investing our own capital alongside investors in our investment vehicles and from other assets on our balance sheet. Carried interest we receive from our funds and certain other investment vehicles entitles us to a specified percentage of investment gains that are generated on third-party capital that is invested.
Private Equity
Through our Private Equity business line, we manage and sponsor a group of private equity funds that invest capital for long-term appreciation, either through controlling ownership of a company or strategic non-controlling minority positions. In addition to our traditional private equity funds that invest in large and mid-sized companies, we sponsor funds that invest in