no material change to our market risks during the three months ended March 31, 2025. For a discussion of our market risks in general, please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. In addition, for a discussion of current risks, uncertainties, and other market and economic conditions, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business Environment."
ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurances of achieving the desired control objectives.
We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2025. Based upon that evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of March 31, 2025, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
164
Table of
Contents
PART II — OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
For a discussion of KKR's legal proceedings, see the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" appearing in Note 24 "Commitments and Contingencies" in our financial statements included elsewhere in this report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS.
Other than as set forth in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business Environment" in this report, there were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report.
ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
Share Repurchases in the First Quarter of 2025
Under our current share repurchase program, KKR is authorized to repurchase its common stock from time to time in open market transactions,