primarily measured at fair value on a recurring basis, except as disclosed in Note 16 "Debt Obligations."
The following tables present carrying amounts and fair values of Global Atlantic’s financial instruments which are not carried at fair value as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
54
Table of Contents
55
Table of Contents
10.
FAIR VALUE OPTION
The following table summarizes the financial instruments for which the fair value option has been elected:
56
Table of Contents
The following table presents the net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments for which the fair value option was elected:
57
Table of Contents
11.
INSURANCE INTANGIBLES, UNEARNED REVENUE RESERVES AND UNEARNED FRONT-END LOADS
The following reflects the reconciliation of the components of insurance intangibles to the total balance reported in the consolidated statements of financial condition as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
Deferred Acquisition Costs
The following tables reflect the deferred acquisition costs roll-forward by product category for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
Value of Business Acquired
The following tables reflect the value of business acquired, or “VOBA” asset roll-forward by product category for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
58
Table of Contents
The following tables reflect the negative value of business acquired, or “negative VOBA” liability roll-forward by product category for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
Unearned Revenue Reserves and Unearned Front-End Loads
59
Table of Contents
12.
REINSURANCE
Global Atlantic maintains a number of reinsurance treaties with third parties whereby Global Atlantic assumes annuity and life policies on a coinsurance, modified coinsurance or funds withheld basis. Global Atlantic also maintains other reinsurance treaties including the cession of certain annuity, life and health policies.
The effects of all reinsurance agreements on the consolidated statements of financial condition were as follows:
(1)
Reported within reinsurance recoverable within the consolidated statements of financial condition.
A key credit quality indicator is a counterparty’s A.M. Best financial strength rating. A.M. Best ratings are an independent opinion of a reinsurer’s ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. Global Atlantic mitigates counterparty credit risk by requiring collateral and credit enhancements in various forms including engaging in funds withheld at interest and modified coinsurance transactions.
The following shows the amortized cost basis of Global Atlantic’s reinsurance recoverable and funds withheld receivable at interest by credit quality indicator and any associated credit enhancements Global Atlantic has obtained to mitigate counterparty credit risk:
(1)
Ratings are periodically updated (at least annually) as A.M. Best issues new ratings.
(2)
Credit enhancements primarily include funds withheld payable at interest.
(3)
Includes