connection with the higher level of realized investment income.
Operating and Capital Metrics
The following tables present our key Asset Management segment operating and capital metrics:
Assets Under Management
Private Equity
The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Private Equity business line from December 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025:
AUM of our Private Equity business line was $209.4 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase of $14.0 billion, compared to $195.4 billion at December 31, 2024.
The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised by North America Fund XIV and our private equity K-Series vehicles and, to a lesser extent, (ii) appreciation in investment value primarily from Asian Fund IV, North America Fund XIII, and our core private equity strategy. Partially offsetting the increase were distributions to fund investors primarily as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from European Fund V, Asian Fund III, and our core private equity strategy.
133
Table of
Contents
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the value of our traditional private equity investment portfolio increased 4%. This was comprised of a 5% increase in value of our privately held investments and a 4% decrease in share prices of publicly held investments. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the value of our growth equity investment portfolio increased 5%, and the value of our core private equity investment portfolio increased 2%.
The most significant increases in the value of our privately held investments were increases in Seiyu Group (consumer products sector), USI, Inc., and Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC (financial services sector). These increases in value of our privately held investments were partially offset by decreases in the value of certain other privately held investments, the most significant of which were PetVet Care Centers, LLC, Magneti Marelli CK Holdings (industrials sector), and Koki Holdings Co. Ltd. (industrial industry). The increased valuations of our privately held investments, in the aggregate, generally related to (i) individual company performance and (ii) an increase in the value of market comparables for investments that had an increase in value during the current period. The decreased valuations of our privately held investments, in the aggregate, generally related to an unfavorable business outlook by the company that had a decrease in value during the current period. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results, and valuations.
The most significant decreases in share prices of our publicly held investments were decreases in OneStream, Inc. (NASDAQ: OS), J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (NSE: JBCP), and HD Hyundai Marine Solution co. Ltd. (KRX: 44060). These decreases were partially offset by increases in share prices of other publicly held investments,