the most significant of which were Kokusai Electric Corporation (TYO: 6525) and BrightSpring Health Services Inc. (NASDAQ: BTSG). The prices of publicly held companies may experience volatile changes following the reporting period. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information about the factors, such as volatility, that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations.
Real Assets
The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Real Assets business line from December 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025:
AUM of our Real Assets business line was $171.3 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase of $5.3 billion, compared to $166.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic inflows invested in real estate, our infrastructure K-Series vehicles, and Global Infrastructure Investors V, and, to a lesser extent, (ii) appreciation in investment value from Global Infrastructure Investors IV and Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund, and (iii) the increase in value of the assets managed by KJRM primarily due to the impact of the currency appreciation of the Japanese yen. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders and (ii) distributions to fund investors as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from Global Infrastructure Investors IV and Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the value of our infrastructure investment portfolio increased 4% and the value of our opportunistic real estate equity investment portfolio increased 2%.
The most significant increases in value across our Real Assets portfolio were increases in the values of Atlantic Aviation FBO Inc., ContourGlobal plc (infrastructure: energy and energy transition) and Colonial Enterprises, Inc. (infrastructure: midstream sector). These increases in value across our real assets portfolio were partially offset by decreases in value across our real assets portfolio, the most significant of which was CyrusOne Inc. (infrastructure: telecommunications infrastructure). The increased valuations across our real assets portfolio, in the aggregate, generally related to individual company or asset performance. The decreased valuations across our real assets portfolio, in the aggregate, generally related to an unfavorable business outlook by the company that had a decrease in value during the current period. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results, and valuations.
134
Table of
Contents
Credit and Liquid Strategies
The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line from December 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025:
AUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line was $283.6 billion at March 31, 2025, an