of these fixed percentages of up to 80% for all funds.
156
Table of
Contents
This increase to the carry pool percentage was approved by a majority of KKR's independent directors, and the carry pool percentage may not be increased above 80% without the further approval of a majority of KKR's independent directors. For funds that closed after December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage is fixed at 80%. For funds that closed prior to December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage is calculated at a fixed percentage of 40%, 43%, or 65% (depending on the fund’s vintage) for carried interest realized up to a high water mark, which was established based on the unrealized carried interest balance that existed on January 2, 2024, plus an additional percentage amount up to 80% based on a formulaic allocation, only if the unrealized carried interest balance at any period end exceeds the high water mark. This imposes a limitation of the carry pool allocation for such funds based on the amount of cumulative unrealized carried interest income earned subsequent to December 31, 2023.
For funds that closed before December 31, 2023, if the cumulative carried interest subsequent to December 31, 2023 is not sufficient to fund this formulaic allocation, the allocation of earnings reverts to the carry pool percentage in effect before this modification. As such, upon modification of the carry pool percentage effective on January 2, 2024, the cumulative unrealized carried interest was not sufficient to fund the additional formulaic allocation percentage in excess of the pre-existing 40%, 43%, and 65% carry pool percentages, and therefore no incremental expense was recognized as of such date. The carry pool percentage applicable for all funds that closed prior to December 31, 2023 will not be less than their applicable carry pool percentages of 40%, 43%, or 65% prior to December 31, 2023, and will not be more than 80%. The intent of this modification is that for all funds that closed prior to January 2, 2024, upon the final liquidation of each fund, realized carried interest distributed will equal the historical fund carry pool allocations up to the high water mark and only distributions of realized carried interest in excess of the high water mark will be distributed at 80 percent if and only if the unrealized carried interest balance at any period end exceeds the high water mark. Under no circumstance would a distribution of carried interest exceed 80% of the total allocable carried interest at any time.
KKR accounts for the carry pool as a compensatory profit-sharing arrangement in Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities within the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition in conjunction with the related carried interest income and it is recorded as compensation expense. The liability that is recorded in each period reflects the legal entitlement of Associates Holdings at each point in time should the total unrealized carried interest be realized at