the valuation of investments and financial instruments, (ii) the determination of the income tax provision, (iii) the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, (iv) the impairment of available-for-sale investments, (v) the valuation of insurance policy liabilities, including market risk benefits, (vi) the valuation of embedded derivatives in policy liabilities and funds withheld, (vii) the determination of the allowance for loan losses, and (viii) amortization of deferred revenues and expenses associated with the insurance business.
Certain events particular to each industry and country or region in which the portfolio companies conduct their operations, as well as general market, economic, political, geopolitical (including uncertainties resulting from changes to U.S. and global tariff policies and escalating trade tensions), and regulatory conditions, and natural disasters and catastrophes, including public health crises, may have a significant negative impact on KKR’s investments and profitability. Such events are beyond KKR’s control, and the likelihood that they may occur and the effect on KKR's use of estimates cannot be predicted. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could be material to the financial statements.
Adoption of new accounting pronouncements
Scope Application of Profits Interest and Similar Awards
In March 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024–01, “Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope Application of Profits Interest and Similar Awards” (“ASU 2024–01”). ASU 2024–01 amends the guidance in Accounting Standard Codification 718 (“ASC 718”) by adding an illustrative example to demonstrate and clarify how to apply the scope guidance to determine whether profits interests and similar awards should be accounted for as a share-based payment arrangement under ASC 718 or another standard. KKR adopted this accounting standard effective for the reporting period ended March 31, 2025, and its adoption did not have a material impact on KKR’s consolidated financial statements.
Future application of accounting standards
Income Tax Disclosure Improvements
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023–09, "Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures" ("ASU 2023–09"). ASU 2023–09 intends to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures, requiring disaggregated information about an entity’s effective tax rate reconciliation as well as income taxes paid. The guidance is effective for KKR’s annual period ending December 31, 2025. KKR is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.
Expense Disaggregation Disclosures
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures. The ASU requires a public business entity to provide disaggregated disclosures of certain categories of expenses on an annual and interim basis including employee compensation,