Executive Officers,
20
% of the Co-CEOs Awards are eligible to vest at each of the following KKR common stock prices targets: $
95.80
, $
105.80
, $
115.80
, $
125.80
and $
135.80
. The market price based vesting condition is met when the average closing price of KKR common stock during
20
consecutive trading days meets or exceeds the stock price targets. In addition to the market price based vesting conditions, in order for the award to vest, the Co-Chief Executive Officer is required to be employed by KKR on December 31, 2026 (with exceptions for involuntary termination without cause, death and permanent disability).
These awards will be automatically canceled and forfeited upon the earlier of a Co-Chief Executive Officer’s termination of service (except for involuntary termination without cause, death or permanent disability) or the failure to meet the market price based vesting condition by December 31, 2028 (for which continued service is required if the market price vesting condition is met after December 31, 2026). Co-CEO Awards do not participate in dividends until such awards have met both their service-based and market price based vesting requirements. Additionally, these awards are subject to additional transfer restrictions and minimum retained ownership requirements after vesting.
Due to the existence of the service requirement, the vesting period for these Co-CEO Awards is explicit, and as such, compensation expense will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the period from the date of grant through December 31, 2026 given the derived service period is less than the explicit service period. The fair value of the awards granted are based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. In addition, the grant date fair value assumes that these Co-CEO Awards will not participate in dividends until such awards have met all of their vesting requirements.
Below is a summary of the grant date fair value based on the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model and the significant assumptions used to estimate the grant date fair value of these Co-CEO Awards:
As of March 31, 2025, there was approximately $
254
million of total estimated unrecognized expense related to these unvested Co-CEO Awards, which is expected to be recognized ratably from April 1, 2025 to December 31, 2026. As of March 31, 2025, all Co-CEO Awards have met their market price based vesting condition. The Co-CEO Awards remain unvested until their service conditions (as described above) are satisfied.
80
Table of Contents
20.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Due from Affiliates consists of:
Due to Affiliates consists of:
81
Table of Contents
21.
SEGMENT REPORTING
KKR operates through
three
reportable segments which are presented below and reflect how its chief operating decision-makers, who are the Co-Chief Executive Officers, allocate resources and assess performance:
•
Asset Management - The asset management business offers a broad range of investment management services to