core private equity, growth equity, and impact investments. Our Private Equity business line includes separately managed accounts that invest in multiple strategies, which may include our credit and real assets strategies, as well as our private equity strategies. These funds and accounts are managed by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., an SEC-registered investment adviser. As of March 31, 2025, our Private Equity business line had $209.4 billion of AUM, consisting of $151.6 billion in traditional private equity, $39.1 billion in core private equity and $18.7 billion in growth equity, which includes $4.4 billion of impact investments.
The table below presents information as of March 31, 2025, relating to our current private equity and other investment vehicles reported in our Private Equity business line for which we have the ability to earn carried interest. This data does not reflect acquisitions or disposals of investments, changes in investment values, or distributions occurring after March 31, 2025.
98
Table of
Contents
(1)
The start date represents the start of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and may or may not be the same as the date upon which management fees begin to accrue.
(2)
The end date represents the end of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and is generally not the date upon which management fees cease to accrue. For funds that initially charge management fees on the basis of committed capital, the end date is generally the date on or after which the management fees begin to be calculated instead on the basis of invested capital and may, for certain funds, begin to be calculated using a lower rate.
(3)
The commitment represents the aggregate capital commitments to the fund, including capital commitments by third-party fund investors and the general partner. Foreign currency commitments have been converted into U.S. dollars based on the exchange rate that prevailed on March 31, 2025.
(4)
The remaining cost represents the initial investment of the general partner and limited partners, reduced for returns of capital.
(5)
The "Invested" and "Realized" columns do not include the amounts of any realized investments that restored the unused capital commitments of the fund investors, if any.
(6)
Starts upon the date of the close of the first investment.
(7)
Six years after the start date for the investment period.
(8)
"Unallocated Commitments" represent commitments received from our strategic investor partnerships that have yet to be allocated to a particular investment strategy.
Real Assets
Through our Real Assets business line, we manage and sponsor a group of real assets funds and accounts that invest capital in infrastructure, real estate, or energy. These funds and accounts are managed by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. or one of its subsidiaries. As of March 31, 2025, our Real Assets business line had $171.3 billion of AUM, consisting of $83.4