invested by KKR’s Principal Activities business line that is not a co-investment alongside KKR’s investment funds, and (iii) capital invested by KKR’s Principal Activities business line that is not invested in connection with a syndication transaction by KKR’s Capital Markets business line. Capital syndicated by KKR's Capital Markets business line to third parties other than KKR’s investment funds or Principal Activities business line is not included in capital invested.
Fee Paying AUM
Fee paying AUM represents only the AUM from which KKR is entitled to receive management fees. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the capital base upon which KKR earns management fees. FPAUM is the sum of all of the individual fee bases that are used to calculate KKR's and its hedge fund and BDC partnership management fees and differs from AUM in the following respects: (i) assets and commitments from which KKR is not entitled to receive a management fee are excluded (e.g., assets and commitments with respect to which it is entitled to receive only performance income or is otherwise not currently entitled to receive a management fee) and (ii) certain assets, primarily in its private equity funds, are reflected based on capital commitments and invested capital as opposed to fair value because fees are not impacted by changes in the fair value of underlying investments.
Uncalled Commitments
Uncalled commitments is the aggregate amount of unfunded capital commitments that KKR’s investment funds and carry-paying co-investment vehicles (including core private equity) have received from partners to contribute capital to fund future investments, and the amount of uncalled commitments is not reduced by capital invested using borrowings under an investment fund’s subscription facility until capital is called from our fund investors. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the amount of capital that is available to KKR’s investment funds and carry paying co-investment vehicles to make future investments. Uncalled commitments are not reduced for investments completed using fund-level investment financing arrangements or investments we have committed to make but remain unfunded at the reporting date.
117
Table of
Contents
Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited)
The following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations on a GAAP basis for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected our segment results in these periods, see "—Analysis of Segment Operating Results." See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information about risks, uncertainties, and other market and economic conditions that may impact our