invested capital to investors upon the realization of investments. Fee related performance revenues consists of performance fees (i) expected to be received from our investment funds, vehicles and accounts on a recurring basis, and (ii) that are not dependent on a realization event involving investments held by the investment fund, vehicle or account.
Fee Related Compensation refers to the compensation expense, excluding equity-based compensation, paid from (i) Management Fees, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net, and (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues.
Other Operating Expenses represents the sum of (i) occupancy and related charges and (ii) other operating expenses.
115
Table of
Contents
Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings
Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings is a performance measure used to assess the firm’s earnings from companies and businesses reported through its Strategic Holdings segment. Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings currently consists of earnings derived from dividends that the firm receives from businesses acquired through the firm’s participation in our core private equity strategy. Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings currently equals dividends less management fees that are earned by our Asset Management segment. This measure is used by management to assess the Strategic Holdings segment’s generation of earnings from revenues that are measured and received on a more recurring basis than, and are not dependent on, realizations from investment activities.
Total Operating Earnings
Total Operating Earnings is a performance measure that represents the sum of (i) FRE, (ii) Insurance Operating Earnings, and (iii) Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings. KKR believes this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the profitability of the most recurring forms of earnings from each of KKR’s segments as compared to investing earnings.
Total Investing Earnings
Total Investing Earnings is a performance measure that represents the sum of (i) Net Realized Performance Income and (ii) Net Realized Investment Income. KKR believes this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the earnings of KKR’s segments from the realization of investments.
Total Asset Management Segment Revenues
Total Asset Management Segment Revenues is a performance measure that represents the realized revenues of the Asset Management segment (which excludes unrealized carried interest and unrealized gains (losses) on investments) and is the sum of (i) Management Fees, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net, (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues, (iv) Realized Performance Income, and (v) Realized Investment Income. Asset Management Segment Revenues excludes Realized Investment Income earned based on the performance of businesses presented in the Strategic Holdings segment. KKR believes that this performance measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into all forms of