the net income from the consolidated investment funds and other investment vehicles is decreased by the amount of fee credits that are eliminated. Accordingly, net income (loss) attributable to KKR would be unchanged if such investment funds and other investment vehicles were not consolidated. Transaction and monitoring fees earned from our portfolio companies are not eliminated upon consolidation because those fees are earned from companies which are not consolidated. Furthermore, transaction fees earned in our capital markets business are not shared with fund investors. Accordingly, certain transaction fees are reflected in our revenues without a corresponding fee credit.
Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss)
Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was positive primarily due to the net appreciation of the underlying investments at our unconsolidated carry earning investment funds, most notably Asian Fund IV, North America Fund XIII, and Global Infrastructure Fund IV. Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was positive primarily due to the net appreciation of the underlying investments at our unconsolidated carry earning investment funds, most notably Asian Fund III, Americas Fund XII, and Global Infrastructure Investors IV.
KKR calculates the carried interest that would be due to KKR for each investment fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of the reporting date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. Since the fair value of the underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to the amounts recorded as carried interest to reflect either (a) positive performance, resulting in an increase in the carried interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to KKR to be less than the amount previously recognized, resulting in a negative adjustment to carried interest allocated to the general partner. In each case, it is necessary to calculate the carried interest on cumulative results compared to the carried interest recorded to date and to make the required positive or negative adjustments.
Investment Income (Loss)
Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025
The net gains from investment activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were comprised of net realized gains of $70.2 million and net unrealized gains of $1,016.4 million.
Investment gains and losses relating to our general partner capital interest in our unconsolidated funds are not reflected in our discussion and analysis of Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities. Our economics associated with these gains and losses are reflected in Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) as described above.
120
Table of
Contents
Realized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities
For