Consists primarily of investments in common stock, preferred stock, warrants and options of companies that are not private equity, real assets, credit, equity method - other, or investments of consolidated CFEs.
(10)
The funds withheld receivable at interest has been excluded from the above table. As discussed in Note 12 – Reinsurance, the funds withheld receivable at interest is created through funds withheld contracts. The assets supporting these receivables were held in trusts for the benefit of Global Atlantic. Accordingly, the unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation of the embedded derivative are a component of the invested assets supporting the funds withheld reinsurance agreements.
52
Table of Contents
(1)
In determining certain of these inputs, management evaluates a variety of factors including economic conditions, industry and market developments, market valuations of comparable companies and company specific developments including exit strategies and realization opportunities. KKR has determined that market participants would likely take these inputs into account when valuing the investments and debt obligations. "LTM" means last twelve months, and "EBITDA" means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.
(2)
Inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range.
(3)
Unless otherwise noted, this column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level III investments that would result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect. Significant increases and decreases in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements.
(4)
The fair value of the embedded derivative component of the funds withheld payable at interest has been excluded from the above table. The investments supporting the funds withheld payable at interest balance are held in a trust by Global Atlantic. Accordingly, the unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation of the embedded derivative are a component of the investments supporting the reinsurance cession agreements.
In the table above, certain private equity investments may be valued at cost for a period of time after an acquisition as the best indicator of fair value. In addition, certain valuations of private equity investments may be entirely or partially derived by reference to observable valuation measures for a pending or consummated transaction.
53
Table of Contents
The various unobservable inputs used to determine the Level III valuations may have similar or diverging impacts on valuation. Significant increases and decreases in these inputs in isolation and interrelationships between those inputs could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements as noted in the table above.
Financial Instruments Not Carried At Fair Value
Asset management and strategic holdings financial instruments are