applicable are included under "—Segment Balance Sheet Measures—Reconciliations to GAAP Measures."
113
Table of
Contents
Adjusted Net Income
Adjusted Net Income ("ANI") is a performance measure of KKR’s earnings, which is derived from KKR’s reported segment results. ANI is used to assess the performance of KKR’s business operations and measures the earnings potentially available for distribution to its equity holders or reinvestment into its business. ANI is equal to Total Segment Earnings less Interest Expense, Net and Other and Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings. Interest Expense, Net and Other includes interest expense on debt obligations not attributable to any particular segment and the cumulative dividend expense for the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock net of interest income earned on cash and short-term investments. Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings represents the (i) amount of income taxes that would be paid assuming that all pre-tax Asset Management and Strategic Holdings segment earnings were allocated to KKR & Co. Inc. and taxed at the same effective rate, which assumes that all securities exchangeable into shares of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc. were exchanged and (ii) amount of income taxes on Insurance Operating Earnings. Income taxes on Insurance Operating Earnings represent the total current and deferred tax expense or benefit on income before taxes adjusted to eliminate the impact of the tax expense or benefit associated with the non-operating adjustments. Equity based compensation expense is excluded from ANI, because (i) KKR believes that the cost of equity awards granted to employees does not contribute to the earnings potentially available for distributions to its equity holders or reinvestment into its business and (ii) excluding this expense makes KKR’s reporting metric more comparable to the corresponding metric presented by other publicly traded companies in KKR’s industry, which KKR believes enhances an investor’s ability to compare KKR’s performance to these other companies. Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings includes the benefit of tax deductions arising from equity-based compensation, which reduces Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings during the period. If tax deductions from equity-based compensation were to be excluded from Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings, KKR’s ANI would be lower and KKR’s effective tax rate would appear to be higher, even though a lower amount of income taxes would have actually been paid or payable during the period. KKR separately discloses the amount of tax deduction from equity-based compensation for the period reported and the effect of its inclusion in ANI for the period. KKR makes these adjustments when calculating ANI in order to more accurately reflect the net realized earnings that are expected to be or become available for distribution to KKR’s equity holders or reinvestment into KKR’s business. However, ANI does not represent and is not used to calculate actual dividends