Changing economic conditions and updated assumptions affect Global Atlantic's assessment of the collectibility of commercial mortgage loans. Changing vacancies and rents are incorporated into the analysis that Global Atlantic performs to measure the allowance for credit losses. In addition, Global Atlantic continuously monitors its commercial mortgage loan portfolio to identify risk. Areas of emphasis are properties that have exposure to specific geographic events or have deteriorating credit.
The weighted average loan-to-value ratio for Global Atlantic's residential mortgage loans was
63
% as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Loan Modifications
Global Atlantic may modify the terms of a loan when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, as a means to optimize recovery of amounts due on the loan. Modifications may involve temporary relief, such as payment forbearance for a short period time (where interest continues to accrue) or may involve more substantive changes to a loan. Changes to the terms of a loan, pursuant to a modification agreement, are factored into the analysis of the loan’s expected credit losses, under the allowance model applicable to the loan.
For commercial mortgage loans, modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty are tailored for individual loans and may include interest rate relief, maturity extensions or, less frequently, principal forgiveness. For both residential mortgage loans and consumer loans, the most common modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, aside from insignificant delays in payment, typically involve deferral of missed payments to the end of the loan term, interest rate relief, or maturity extensions.
The tables below present the carrying value of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, for which modifications have been granted during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
(1)
Includes modifications involving a combination of deferral of amounts due, interest rate relief, or maturity extension.
(1)
Includes modifications involving a combination of deferral of amounts due, interest rate relief, or maturity extension.
32
Table of Contents
All of the commercial mortgage loans that had a combination of modifications had both interest rate relief and maturity extensions. For commercial mortgage loans granted interest rate relief, this relief generally involved either a change from a floating rate or a decrease in fixed rate to a weighted average rate of
3.0
% for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. The maturity extensions for commercial mortgage loans added a weighted-average of
2.0
years and
3.0
years to the life of the loans, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, Global Atlantic has commitments to lend additional funds of $
15.0
million for the modified commercial mortgage loans disclosed above.
The table below presents the performance status of the loans