contractual and regulatory restrictions, including restrictions contained in our debt agreements.
Since 2015, KKR has repurchased, or retired equity awards representing, a total of 94.0 million shares of common stock for $2.7 billion, which equates to an average price of $29.18 per share. For further information, see "Part II—Item 2—Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds."
Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, we and our consolidated funds and CFEs enter into contractual arrangements that may require future cash payments. Contractual arrangements include (1) commitments to fund the purchase of investments or other assets (including obligations to fund capital commitments as the general partner of our investment funds) or to fund collateral for derivative transactions or otherwise, (2) obligations arising under our senior notes, subordinated notes, and other indebtedness, (3) commitments by our capital markets business to underwrite transactions or to lend capital, (4) obligations arising under insurance policies written, (5) other contractual obligations, including servicing agreements with third-party administrators for insurance policy administration, and (6) commitments to fund the business, operations or investments of our subsidiaries.  In addition, we may incur contingent liabilities for claims that may be made against us in the future.  For more information about these contingent liabilities, please see Note 24 "Commitments and Contingencies" in our financial statements.
Off Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have any off-balance sheet financings or liabilities other than contractual commitments and other legal contingencies incurred in the normal course of our business.
150
Table of
Contents
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the recognition and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, investment income (loss) and income taxes during the reporting periods. Such estimates include but are not limited to (i) the valuation of investments and financial instruments, (ii) the determination of the income tax provision, (iii) the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, (iv) the impairment of available-for-sale investments, (v) the valuation of insurance policy liabilities, including market risk benefits, (vi) the valuation of embedded derivatives in policy liabilities and funds withheld, (vii) the determination of the allowance for loan losses, and (viii) amortization of deferred revenues and expenses associated with the insurance business. Our management bases these estimates and judgments on available information, historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are