Funds Withheld
Global Atlantic's reinsurance agreements include modified coinsurance and coinsurance with funds withheld arrangements that include terms that require payment by the ceding company of a principal amount plus a return that is based on a proportion of the ceding company’s return on a designated portfolio of assets. Because the return on the funds withheld receivable or payable is not clearly and closely related to the host insurance contract, these contracts are deemed to contain embedded derivatives, which are measured at fair value. Global Atlantic is exposed to both the interest rate and credit risk of the assets. Changes in discount rates and other assumptions can have a significant impact on this embedded derivative. The fair value of the embedded derivatives is included in the funds withheld receivable at interest and funds withheld payable at interest line items on our consolidated statement of financial condition. The change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives is recorded in net investment-related gains (losses) in the consolidated statement of operations.
As of March 31, 2025, the embedded derivative liability balance totaled $5.5 billion for fixed-indexed annuities, and $414.4 million for interest-sensitive life. The increase (decrease) to the embedded derivatives on fixed-indexed annuity and indexed universal life as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, credit spreads, and equity market prices are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances.
Note: Hypothetical changes to the market risk benefits liability balance do not reflect the impact of related hedges.
162
Table of
Contents
As of March 31, 2025, the embedded derivative balance for modified coinsurance or funds withheld arrangements was a $2.5 billion net asset ($101.8 million in funds withheld receivables at interest, and $(2.4) billion in funds withheld payable at interest). The increase (decrease) to the embedded derivatives on fixed-indexed annuity and interest-sensitive life products as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates and investment credit spreads are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances.
Note: Hypothetical changes to the funds withheld receivable and payable embedded derivative balances do not reflect the impact of related hedges or trading assets which back the funds withheld at interest.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
For a full discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in our financial statements included in this report.
163
Table of
Contents
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
There was