related fees and investment income as well as net investment income from our insurance operations.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (GAAP Basis - Unaudited)
Please see our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition on a GAAP basis as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 in our financial statements included in this report.
KKR & Co. Inc. Stockholders’ Equity - Common Stock increased from December 31, 2024 primarily due to unrealized gains on available-for sale-securities from Global Atlantic that are recorded in other comprehensive income, which were partially offset by  (i) a net loss attributable to KKR & Co. Inc. common stockholders during the first three months of 2025 and (ii) dividends to common stockholders.
126
Table of
Contents
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (GAAP Basis - Unaudited)
The following is a discussion of our consolidated cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report.
The consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of our consolidated entities, which include certain consolidated investment funds, CLOs and certain variable interest entities formed by Global Atlantic notwithstanding the fact that we may hold only a minority economic interest in those investment funds and CFEs. The assets of our consolidated investment funds and CFEs, on a gross basis, can be substantially larger than the assets of our business and, accordingly, could have a substantial effect on the cash flows reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The primary cash flow activities of our consolidated funds and CFEs involve: (i) capital contributions from fund investors; (ii) using the capital of fund investors to make investments; (iii) financing certain investments with indebtedness; (iv) generating cash flows through the realization of investments; and (v) distributing cash flows from the realization of investments to fund investors. Because our consolidated investment funds are treated as investment companies for accounting purposes, certain of these cash flow amounts are included in our cash flows from operations.
Net Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities
Our net cash provided (used) by operating activities was $2.5 billion and $1.5 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our operating activities primarily included: (i) investments purchased (asset management and strategic holdings), net of proceeds from investments (asset management and strategic holdings) of $(0.4) billion and $(0.7) billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, (ii) net realized gains (losses) on investments (asset management and strategic holdings) of $0.1 billion and $(0.2) billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, (iii) change in unrealized gains