intangible assets we have acquired include, but are not limited to, future expected cash inflows and outflows, future fundraising assumptions, expected useful life, discount rates, and income tax rates. Our estimates for future cash flows are based on historical data, various internal estimates and certain external sources, and are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying assets acquired. We estimate the useful lives of the intangible assets based on the expected period over which we anticipate generating economic benefit from the asset. We base our estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that could affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual result.
Income Taxes
Significant judgment is required in estimating the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including valuation allowance), accrued interest or penalties, and uncertain tax positions. In evaluating these judgments, we consider, among other items, projections of taxable income (including the character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. These assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that KKR uses to manage its business. Revisions in estimates or actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any. Please see Note 18 "Income Taxes" in our financial statements in this report for further details.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings
Revenues
Fees and Other
Fees and other consist primarily of (i) management and incentive fees from providing investment management services to unconsolidated funds, CLOs, other investment vehicles, and separately managed accounts; (ii) transaction fees earned in connection with successful investment transactions and from capital markets activities; (iii) monitoring fees from providing services to portfolio companies; (iv) expense reimbursements from certain investment funds and portfolio companies; and (v) consulting fees. These fees are based on the contractual terms of the governing agreements and are recognized when earned, which coincides with the period during which the related services are performed and in the case of transaction fees, upon closing of the transaction. Monitoring fees may provide for a termination payment following an initial public offering or change of control. These termination payments are recognized in the period when the related transaction closes.
Transaction fee calculations and management fee calculations based on committed capital or invested capital typically do not require discretion and