Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines, partially offset by a higher level of fee related compensation and other operating expenses, as described above.
130
Table of
Contents
Realized Performance Income
The following table presents realized performance income by business line:
Realized performance income includes (i) realized carried interest from our carry earning funds and (ii) incentive fees not included in Fee Related Performance Revenues. Incentive fees consist primarily of performance fees earned from (i) our hedge fund partnerships, (ii) investment management agreements with KKR sponsored investment vehicles, and (iii) investment management agreements to provide KKR’s investment strategies to funds managed by a UK investment fund manager.
Realized performance income in our Private Equity business line for the three months ended March 31, 2025 consisted primarily of (i) performance income from our core investment vehicles, (ii) realized proceeds from the sale of our investment in Citation Topco Limited held by both European Fund V and Global Impact Fund, and (iii) incentive fees from certain levered multi-asset investment vehicles.
131
Table of
Contents
Realized performance income in our Private Equity business line for the three months ended March 31, 2024 consisted primarily of (i) realized proceeds from the sale of our investments in AppLovin Corporation (NASDAQ: APP) held by Americas Fund XII and Australian Venue Co. (consumer products sector) held by Asian Fund III and (ii) performance income from our core investment vehicles.
Realized performance income in our Real Assets business line for the three months ended March 31, 2025 consisted primarily of realized proceeds from the sale of our investment in Q-Park N.V. (infrastructure: transportation sector) held by Global Infrastructure Investors II.
Realized performance income in our Real Assets business line for the three months ended March 31, 2024, consisted primarily of realized proceeds from dividends received and sales of various investments held by Real Estate Partners Americas II.
Realized performance income in our Credit & Liquid Strategies business line for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 consisted primarily of incentive fees earned from (i) Marshall Wace and (ii) funds managed by a UK investment fund manager under our investment management agreements to provide KKR’s investment strategies to such funds.
Realized Performance Income Compensation
The increase in realized performance income compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of compensation recorded in connection with the higher level of realized performance income.
Realized Investment Income
The following table presents realized investment income in our Principal Activities business line:
The increase in realized investment income is primarily due to a higher level of net realized gains, partially offset by a lower