2024, were Corporate, RMBS, and CMBS securities, comprising 25%, 6%, and 5% of Global Atlantic's investment portfolio, respectively. Within these categories, 94%, 96%, and 90% of Global Atlantic's Corporate, RMBS, and CMBS securities, respectively, were investment grade according to NAIC ratings, and 94%, 74%, and 59% of its Corporate, RMBS, and CMBS securities, respectively, were investment grade according to NRSRO ratings as of December 31, 2024. NRSRO and NAIC ratings have different methodologies. Global Atlantic believes the NAIC ratings methodology, which considers the likelihood of recovery of amortized cost as opposed to the recovery of all contractual payments including the principal at par, as the more appropriate way to view the ratings quality of its AFS fixed maturity portfolio since a large portion of its holdings were purchased at a significant discount to par value. The portion of Global Atlantic's investment portfolio consisting of floating rate assets was 27% and 25% as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Within the funds withheld receivable at interest portfolio, 97% of the fixed maturity securities were investment grade by NAIC designation as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Trading fixed maturity securities primarily back funds withheld payable at interest where the investment performance is ceded to reinsurers under the terms of the respective reinsurance agreements.
Credit Quality of AFS Fixed Maturity Securities
The Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC evaluates the AFS fixed maturity security investments of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes and assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories called “NAIC designations.” Using an internally developed rating is permitted by the NAIC if no rating is available. These designations are generally similar to the credit quality designations of NRSROs for marketable fixed maturity securities, except for certain structured securities as described below. NAIC designations of “1,” highest quality, and “2,” high quality, include fixed maturity securities generally considered investment grade by NRSROs. NAIC designations “3” through “6” include fixed maturity securities generally considered below investment grade by NRSROs.
Consistent with the NAIC Process and Procedures Manual, a NRSRO rating was assigned based on the following criteria: (i) the equivalent S&P rating where the security is rated by one NRSRO; (ii) the equivalent S&P rating of the lowest NRSRO when the security is rated by two NRSROs; and (iii) the equivalent S&P rating of the second lowest NRSRO if the security is rated by three or more NRSROs. If the lowest two NRSROs’ ratings are equal, then such rating will be the assigned rating. NRSROs’ ratings available for the periods presented were S&P, Fitch, Moody’s, DBRS, Inc., and Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is