rent expense is recognized on a straight‑line basis over the term of the lease agreement. Global Atlantic also enters into land leases for its consolidated investments in renewable energy.
Contingent Repayment Guarantees
The partnership documents governing KKR's carry-paying investment funds and vehicles generally include a "clawback" provision that, if triggered, may give rise to a contingent obligation requiring the general partner to return amounts to the fund for distribution to the fund investors at the end of the life of the fund. Under a clawback obligation, upon the liquidation of a fund, the general partner is required to return, typically on an after-tax basis, previously distributed carry to the extent that, due to the diminished performance of later investments, the aggregate amount of carry distributions received by the general partner during the term of the fund exceed the amount to which the general partner was ultimately entitled, including the effects of any performance thresholds. KKR has guaranteed its general partners' clawback obligations.
91
Table of Contents
As of March 31, 2025, approximately $
548
million of carried interest was subject to this clawback obligation, assuming that all applicable carry-paying funds and their alternative investment vehicles were liquidated at their March 31, 2025 fair values. Although KKR would be required to remit the entire amount to fund investors that are entitled to receive the clawback payment, KKR would be entitled to seek reimbursement of approximately $
223
million of that amount from Associates Holdings, which is not a KKR subsidiary. As of March 31, 2025, Associates Holdings had access to cash reserves sufficient to reimburse the full $
223
million that would be due to KKR. If the investments in all carry-paying funds were to be liquidated at
zero
value, a possibility that management views to be remote, the clawback obligation would have been approximately $
5.0
billion as of March 31, 2025. KKR will acquire control of Associates Holdings when a subsidiary of KKR becomes its general partner upon the closing of the transactions contemplated to occur on the Sunset Date (as defined in Note 1 "Organization"), which will occur not later than December 31, 2026.
Carried interest is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations based on the contractual conditions set forth in the agreements governing the fund as if the fund were terminated and liquidated at the reporting date and the fund's investments were realized at the then estimated fair values. Amounts earned pursuant to carried interest are earned by the general partner of those funds to the extent that cumulative investment returns are positive and where applicable, preferred return thresholds have been met. If these investment amounts earned decrease or turn negative in subsequent periods, recognized carried interest will be reversed and to the extent that the aggregate amount of carry distributions received by the