Act.
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
☐
No
☒
As of May 8, 2025, there were
890,641,903
shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding.
Table of Contents
KKR & CO. INC.
FORM 10-Q
For the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2025
TABLE OF CONTENTS
2
Table of Contents
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as "outlook," "believe," "think," "expect," "potential," "continue," "may," "should," "seek," "approximately," "predict," "intend," "will," "plan," "estimate," "anticipate," “visibility”, “positioned”, “path to”, “conviction”, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. Without limiting the foregoing, forward-looking statements may include statements regarding KKR’s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, including capital invested, uncalled commitments, cash and short-term investments, and levels of indebtedness; the potential for future business growth; outstanding shares of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc. and its capital structure; non-GAAP and segment measures and performance metrics, including assets under management (“AUM”), fee paying assets under management (“FPAUM”), Adjusted Net Income, Total Operating Earnings, Total Segment Earnings, Fee Related Earnings ("FRE"), Insurance Operating Earnings, Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings, Total Investing Earnings, and Total Segment Earnings; the declaration and payment of dividends on capital stock of KKR & Co. Inc.; the timing, manner and volume of repurchase of shares of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc.; our statements regarding the potential of, and future financial results from, KKR’s Strategic Holdings segment (including expectations about dividend payments from companies and businesses in the Strategic Holdings segment in the future, the future growth of such companies and businesses, the potential for compounding earnings over a longer period of time from such segment, and the belief that such segment is an unconstrained business line); KKR’s ability to grow its AUM, to deploy capital, to realize unrealized investment appreciation, and the time period over which such events may occur; KKR’s ability to manage the investments in and operations of acquired companies and businesses; the effects of any transactional activity on KKR’s operating results, including pending sales of investments; expansion and growth opportunities and other synergies resulting