Antitrust Division of the DOJ (the “DOJ”) related to the accuracy and completeness of certain filings made by KKR pursuant to the premerger notification requirements under the Hart‐Scott‐Rodino Act of 1976 (“HSR”) for certain transactions in 2021 and 2022. Since 2022, KKR was cooperating with the DOJ in connection with these investigations and has engaged in discussions with the DOJ about possible resolution of these investigations. On January 14, 2025, the DOJ filed a civil antitrust complaint (the “DOJ Complaint”) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against KKR and various KKR-sponsored investment entities (the “KKR Defendants”) alleging violations of the HSR Act. The DOJ Complaint requests various relief for the alleged violations of the HSR Act by the KKR Defendants, including civil penalties in an amount to be determined and various equitable relief, including potential disgorgement and injunctive relief against future violations of the HSR Act. On January 14, 2025, KKR filed a complaint (the “KKR Complaint”) in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against Doha Mekki in her official capacity as Acting Assistant Attorney General of the United States for the Antitrust Division, the DOJ, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), and the United States of America pertaining to the HSR-related investigations conducted by the DOJ. On January 16, 2025, KKR voluntarily dismissed the KKR Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia and re-filed it in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York as related to the DOJ Complaint. The KKR Complaint requests various forms of relief, including declaratory judgments that: (i) KKR did not violate the HSR Act; (ii) the DOJ’s and FTC’s interpretations of the HSR Act are unconstitutionally vague; and (iii) the DOJ seeks an excessive fine in violation of the U.S. Constitution. KKR intends to vigorously defend against the DOJ Complaint and prosecute the KKR Complaint. The DOJ may initiate additional civil or criminal proceedings or take other actions against KKR, its employees or portfolio companies, which could include further antitrust investigations into past HSR filings or transactions or other purported violations of antitrust law. There can be no certainty as to the possible outcome of the DOJ Complaint, the KKR Complaint, or such other proceedings or other actions, any of which could result in a range of adverse financial and non‐financial consequences to KKR.  Even in the event that the parties are able to settle the pending litigation, it is possible that any such settlement could involve significant monetary penalties and/or other possible remedial measures.  In addition, KKR is currently subject to other investigations by the Antitrust Division of the DOJ related to antitrust matters, including restrictions on interlocking directorates under Section 8 of the Clayton Act.  KKR is currently cooperating with the DOJ in