result of its investments in the unconsolidated investment funds is the carrying value of such investments, including KKR's capital interest and any unrealized carried interest. Accordingly, disaggregation of KKR's involvement by type of unconsolidated investment fund would not provide more useful information. For these unconsolidated investment funds in which KKR is the sponsor, KKR may have an obligation as general partner to provide commitments to such investment funds. As of March 31, 2025, KKR's commitments to these unconsolidated investment funds were $
3.2
billion. KKR generally has not provided any financial support other than its obligated amount as of March 31, 2025. Additionally, Global Atlantic has unfunded commitments of $
24.5
million as of March 31, 2025.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the maximum exposure to loss, before allocations to the carry pool and noncontrolling interests, if any, for those VIEs in which KKR is determined not to be the primary beneficiary but in which it has a variable interest is as follows:
66
Table of Contents
16.
DEBT OBLIGATIONS
KKR enters into credit agreements and issues debt for its general operating and investment purposes.
KKR's Asset Management and Strategic Holdings debt obligations consisted of the following:
67
Table of Contents
(1)
Financing available is reduced by the dollar amounts specified in any issued letters of credit.
(2)
Carrying value includes: (i) unamortized note discount (net of premium), as applicable and (ii) unamortized debt issuance costs, as applicable. Financing costs related to the issuance of the notes have been deducted from the note liability and are being amortized over the life of the notes.
(3)
Interest rates of the notes are fixed and the weighted average interest rates are the following:
(4)
These debt obligations are classified as Level III within the fair value hierarchy and valued using the same valuation methodologies as KKR's Level III credit investments.
(5)
Interest rates of the notes are floating and the weighted average interest rate is
7.0
% and
7.3
% and the weighted average years to maturity is
11.5
years and
11.8
years as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
(6)
The notes are classified as Level II within the fair value hierarchy and fair value is determined by third party broker quotes.
(7)
The notes are classified as Level I within the fair value hierarchy and fair value is determined by quoted prices in active markets since the debt is publicly listed.
(8)
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the principal value, carrying value and fair value reflects the elimination for the portion of applicable debt obligations that are held by Global Atlantic.
(9)
KKR consolidates and reports debt obligations of KKR Financial Holdings LLC, a KKR subsidiary ("KFN"), which are non-recourse to KKR beyond the assets of KFN. From time to time, KKR may provide credit support for the funding obligations of its subsidiaries.
(10)
On