Market Condition Awards, excluding the Co-CEO Awards (as defined and discussed below).
The number of Market Condition Awards (other than the Co-CEO awards) that will vest depend upon (i) the market price of KKR common stock reaching certain price targets that range from $
45.00
to $
140.00
and (ii) the employee being employed by KKR on a certain date, which typically ranges from
five
to
six years
from the date of grant (with exceptions for involuntary termination without cause, death and permanent disability). The market price vesting condition is met when the average closing price of KKR common stock during
20
consecutive trading days meets or exceeds the stock price targets. Holders of the Market Condition Awards do not participate in dividends until such awards have met both their service-based and market price based vesting requirements. Additionally, these awards are subject to additional transfer restrictions and minimum retained ownership requirements after vesting.
Due to the existence of the service requirement, the vesting period for these Market Condition Awards (other than the Co-CEO awards) is explicit, and as such, compensation expense will be recognized on (i) a straight-line basis over the period from the date of grant through the date the award recipient is required to be employed by KKR and (ii) assumes a forfeiture rate of up to
7
% annually based upon expected turnover. The fair value of the awards granted are based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. In addition, the grant date fair value assumes that holders of the Market Condition Awards will not participate in dividends until such awards have met all of their vesting requirements.
Below is a summary of the grant date fair value based on the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model and the significant assumptions used to estimate the grant date fair value of these Market Condition Awards:
As of March 31, 2025, there was approximately $
504
million of total estimated unrecognized expense related to these unvested Market Condition Awards, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining requisite service period of
2.3
years.
79
Table of Contents
A summary of the status of unvested Market Condition Awards from January 1, 2025 through March 31, 2025 is presented below:
(1)
Unvested Market Condition Awards include restricted holdings units granted to certain current and former Global Atlantic employees.
As of March 31, 2025, all of the Market Condition awards have met their market price based vesting condition. These  Market Condition awards remain unvested until their service conditions (as described above) are satisfied.
Co-CEO Awards
On December 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved grants of
7.5
million restricted holdings units to each of KKR’s Co-Chief Executive Officers that are subject to both a service-based vesting condition and a market price based vesting condition (referred to hereafter as "Co-CEOs Awards"). For both Co-Chief