billion in infrastructure, $81.3 billion in real estate (of which $43.6 billion is real estate credit and $37.7 billion is real estate equity), $5.2 billion in energy, and $1.4 billion of unallocated commitments from a strategic investment partnership.
99
Table of
Contents
The table below presents information as of March 31, 2025, relating to our current real asset and other investment vehicles reported in our Real Assets business line for which we have the ability to earn carried interest. This data does not reflect acquisitions or disposals of investments, changes in investment values, or distributions occurring after March 31, 2025.
(1)
The start date represents the start of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and may or may not be the same as the date upon which management fees begin to accrue.
(2)
The end date represents the end of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and is generally not the date upon which management fees cease to accrue. For funds that initially charge management fees on the basis of committed capital, the end date is generally the date on or after which the management fees begin to be calculated instead on the basis of invested capital and may, for certain funds, begin to be calculated using a lower rate.
(3)
The commitment represents the aggregate capital commitments to the fund, including capital commitments by third-party fund investors and the general partner. Foreign currency commitments have been converted into U.S. dollars based on the exchange rate that prevailed on March 31, 2025.
(4)
The remaining cost represents the initial investment of the general partner and limited partners, reduced for returns of capital.
(5)
Open-ended fund.
(6)
Includes another climate strategy vehicle with different fund terms and whose investment period has not yet begun as of March 31, 2025. This vehicle's investment period start date and end date will be determined based upon the date of the close of its first investment.
(7)
"Unallocated Commitments" represent commitments received from our strategic investor partnerships that have yet to be allocated to a particular investment strategy.
Private Equity and Real Asset Performance
The table below presents information as of March 31, 2025, relating to the historical performance of certain of our Private Equity and Real Assets investment vehicles since inception, which we believe illustrates the benefits of our investment approach. This data does not reflect additional capital raised since March 31, 2025, or acquisitions or disposals of investments, changes in investment values, or distributions occurring after that date. The information presented below is not intended to be representative of any past or future performance for any particular period other than the period presented below. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
100
Table of
Contents
(1)
These funds were not contributed to KKR as part of