level of interest income and dividends. The amount of realized investment income depends on the transaction activity of our funds and Asset Management segment balance sheet, which can vary from period to period.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, realized investment income was primarily comprised of (i) realized gains from the sale of our investments in BridgeBio Inc., and Citation Topco Limited, (ii) realized gains from the settlement of foreign exchange forward contracts, and (iii) interest income primarily from our investments in CLOs. Partially offsetting these realized gains were realized losses, the most significant of which were (i) a realized loss related to a structured multi-asset investment vehicle and (ii) realized losses from the sale of various revolving credit facilities.
For the three months ended March 31, 2024, realized investment income was primarily comprised of (i) interest income primarily from our investments in CLOs and (ii) realized gains primarily from the sale of our investments in AppLovin Corporation and Australian Venture Co. Partially offsetting these realized gains were realized losses, the most significant of which were (i) a realized loss on our infrastructure investment, Indus Towers Ltd. (NSE: INDUSTOWER) and (ii) realized losses from the sales of various revolving credit facilities.
Realized investment income includes the net income (loss) from KKR Capstone. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, total fees attributable to KKR Capstone were $20.8 million and total expenses attributable to KKR Capstone were $22.3 million. For KKR Capstone-related adjustments in reconciling segment revenues and expenses to GAAP revenues and expenses see Footnote 21 "Segment Reporting" in our financial statements.
132
Table of
Contents
As of the date of this filing, we have transactions that are pending or that have closed after March 31, 2025 that are expected to result in realized performance income and realized investment income of at least $800 million of which $250 million or more is expected to be realized in the second quarter of 2025. Some of these transactions are not complete, and are subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions, including regulatory approvals; therefore, there can be no assurance if or when such transactions will be completed. In addition, we may realize gains or losses based on transactions or other events that occur after the date of filing this report, which could impact, positively or negatively, the total amount of our realized performance income and realized investment income. Therefore, no assurance can be given for what our actual realized performance income and realized investment income in the second quarter of 2025 or future periods will be.
Realized Investment Income Compensation
The increase in realized investment income compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period is primarily due to a higher level of compensation recorded in