program, see Note 22 "Equity" in our financial statements.
Capital Commitments
The agreements governing our active investment funds generally require the general partners of the funds to make minimum capital commitments to such funds, which generally range from 2% to 8% of a fund's total capital commitments at final closing, but may be greater for certain funds (i) where we are pursuing newer strategies, (ii) where third party investor demand is limited, and (iii) where a larger commitment is consistent with the asset allocation strategy in our Principal Activities business line, and in our Strategic Holdings segment.
As of March 31, 2025, KKR had unfunded commitments consisting of $10.8 billion to its investment funds and other investment vehicles across Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines. These unfunded commitments include $3.0 billion of uncalled capital commitments to certain investment vehicles in connection with investments in the core private equity strategy. These unfunded commitments also include funding requirements to levered investment vehicles and structured transactions to fund or otherwise be liable for a portion of the vehicle's investment losses and/or to provide the vehicle with liquidity upon certain termination events.
In addition to these uncalled commitments and funding obligations to KKR's investment funds and investment vehicles, KKR has entered into contractual commitments primarily with respect to underwriting transactions, debt financing, revolving credit facilities, and equity syndications in our Capital Markets business line. As of March 31, 2025, these capital markets commitments amounted to $0.5 billion. Whether these amounts are actually funded, in whole or in part, depends on the contractual terms of such capital markets commitments, including the satisfaction or waiver of any conditions to closing or funding. From time to time, we fund these various capital markets commitments noted above in our capital markets business by drawing all or substantially all of our availability for borrowings under our available credit facilities available for our Capital Markets business line. We generally expect these borrowings by our capital markets business to be repaid promptly as these commitments are syndicated to third parties or otherwise fulfilled or terminated, although we may in some instances elect to retain a portion of the commitments for our own investment. Additionally, KKR's capital markets business has arrangements with third parties, which are expected to reduce KKR's risk under certain circumstances when underwriting certain debt transactions. As a result, our unfunded capital markets commitments as of March 31, 2025 have been reduced to reflect the amount expected to be funded by such third parties. As of March 31, 2025, KKR's capital markets business line has entered into such arrangements representing a total notional amount of $4.5 billion. For more information