KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), through its subsidiaries (collectively, "KKR"), is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit, and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life, and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC ("TGAFG" and, together with its insurance companies and other subsidiaries, "Global Atlantic").
KKR & Co. Inc. is the parent company of KKR Group Co. Inc., which in turn owns KKR Group Holdings Corp., which is the general partner of KKR Group Partnership L.P. ("KKR Group Partnership"). KKR & Co. Inc. both indirectly controls KKR Group Partnership and indirectly holds Class A partner interests in KKR Group Partnership ("KKR Group Partnership Units") representing economic interests in KKR's business. As of March 31, 2025, KKR & Co. Inc. held indirectly approximately
99.1
% of the KKR Group Partnership Units. The remaining balance is held indirectly by KKR current and former employees through restricted holdings units representing an ownership interest in KKR Group Partnership Units, which may be exchanged for shares of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc. ("exchangeable securities"). As limited partner interests, these KKR Group Partnership Units are non-voting and do not entitle anyone other than KKR to manage its business and affairs. KKR Group Partnership also has outstanding limited partner interests that provide for a carry pool provided by KKR Associates Holdings L.P. ("Associates Holdings") and outstanding preferred units with economic terms that mirror the KKR & Co. Inc.
6.25
% Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock”).
On January 2, 2024, KKR acquired the remaining minority interests of Global Atlantic held by third party co-investors and Global Atlantic employees in exchange for cash and securities exchangeable for shares of KKR & Co. Inc. common stock (the “2024 GA Acquisition”). The purchase price paid by KKR was approximately $
2.6
billion in cash and $
41
million in securities exchangeable for shares of KKR & Co. Inc. common stock. Global Atlantic was consolidated prior to January 2, 2024 and consequently, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. At the time of the 2024 GA Acquisition, the carrying value of the noncontrolling interests held by third party co-investors and Global Atlantic employees in Global Atlantic was lower than the purchase price paid by KKR, which was determined by excluding unrealized losses on its available-for-sale portfolio and consistent with the calculation