taxes on adjusted earnings was $30.8 million and $26.2 million, respectively. The inclusion of the tax benefit from equity-based compensation in Adjusted Net Income had the effect of increasing this measure by 3%, for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
140
Table of
Contents
Segment Balance Sheet Measures
Asset Management Investment Portfolio
We report our investments in our core private equity strategy in our Strategic Holdings segment and therefore the investments that we hold on our balance sheet as reported in the Asset Management segment exclude such investments. To the extent our investments are realized at values above or below their cost in future periods, adjusted net income would be positively or negatively affected by the amount of any such gain or loss, respectively, during the period in which the realization event occurs.
Our investments in the Asset Management segment by asset class as of March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(1)
Investments is a term used solely for purposes of financial presentation of a portion of KKR's balance sheet and includes majority ownership of subsidiaries that operate KKR's asset management and insurance businesses, including the general partner interests of KKR's investment funds. Investments presented are principally the assets measured at fair value that are held by KKR's asset management segment, which, among other things, does not include the underlying investments held by Global Atlantic and Marshall Wace. This table excludes investments in our Strategic Holdings and Insurance segments, about which additional information is available at Footnote 21 "Segment Reporting" in our financial statements.
141
Table of
Contents
Global Atlantic's Investment Portfolio
As of March 31, 2025, 95%, and 89% of Global Atlantic's available-for-sale ("AFS") fixed maturity securities were considered investment grade under ratings from the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC and NRSROs, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, 95%, and 88% of Global Atlantic's AFS fixed maturity securities were considered investment grade under ratings from NAIC and NRSROs, respectively. Securities where a rating by a NRSRO was not available are considered investment grade if they have a NAIC designation of “1” or “2.” The three largest asset categories in Global Atlantic's AFS fixed maturity security portfolio as of March 31, 2025, were Corporate securities, residential mortgage-backed securities ("RMBS"), and CMBS, comprising 26%, 7%, and 5% of Global Atlantic's investment portfolio, respectively. Within these categories, 94%, 98%, and 93% of Global Atlantic's Corporate, RMBS, and CMBS securities, respectively, were investment grade according to NAIC ratings, and 94%, 82%, and 58% of its Corporate, RMBS, and CMBS securities, respectively, were investment grade according to NRSRO ratings as of March 31, 2025. The three largest asset categories in Global Atlantic's AFS fixed maturity security portfolio as of December 31,