period. Since our investments are carried at fair value, fluctuations between periods could be significant due to changes to the inputs to our valuation process over time. For a further discussion of our fair value measurements and fair value of investments, see above "—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Fair Value Measurements."
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Insurance
Policy Liabilities
Policy liabilities, or collectively, “reserves,” are the portion of past premiums or assessments received that are set aside to meet future policy and contract obligations as they become due. Interest accrues on the reserves and on future premiums, which may also be available to pay for future obligations. Global Atlantic establishes reserves to pay future policy benefits, claims, and certain expenses for its life policies and annuity contracts.
Global Atlantic's reserves are estimated based on models that include many actuarial assumptions and projections. These assumptions and projections, which are inherently uncertain, involve significant judgment, including assumptions as to the levels and/or timing of premiums, benefits, claims, expenses, interest credits, investment results (including equity market returns), mortality, longevity, and persistency.
The assumptions on which reserves are based are intended to represent an estimation of experience for the period that policy benefits are payable. Global Atlantic reviews the adequacy of its reserves and the assumptions underlying those reserves at least annually. Global Atlantic cannot, however, determine with precision the amount or the timing of actual benefit payments. If actual experience is better than or equal to the assumptions, then reserves would be adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses. If experience is worse than the assumptions, additional reserves may be required to meet future policy and contract obligations. This would result in a charge to Global Atlantic's net income during the period in which excess benefits are paid or an increase in reserves occurs.
For a majority of Global Atlantic's in-force policies, including its interest-sensitive life policies and most annuity contracts, the base policy reserve is equal to the account value. For these products, the account value represents Global Atlantic's obligation to repay to the policyholder the amounts held with Global Atlantic on deposit. However, there are several significant blocks of business where policy reserves, in addition to the account value, are explicitly calculated, including variable annuities, fixed-indexed annuities, interest-sensitive life products (including those with secondary guarantees), and preneed policies.
Market Risk Benefits
Market risk benefits are contracts or contract features that both provide protection to the policyholder from other-than-nominal capital market risk and expose Global Atlantic to other-than-nominal capital market risk. Market risk benefits include certain contract