2013, Global Atlantic entered into a tax benefit payment agreement with Goldman Sachs. Under the tax benefit payment agreement, Global Atlantic (Fin) Company ("GA FinCo"), a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of TGAFG, the holding company for the Global Atlantic business, is obligated to make annual payments out of available cash, guaranteed by GAFG, to Goldman Sachs over an approximately
25-year
period. As of March 31, 2025, the present value of the remaining amount to be paid is $
44.8
million. Although these payments are subordinated and deferrable, deferral of these payments would result in restrictions on distributions by GA FinCo and GAFG.
Unless otherwise stated above, KKR's maximum exposure under the arrangements described under this section “—Indemnifications and Other Guarantees” are currently unknown as there are no stated or notional amounts included in these arrangements and KKR's liabilities for these matters would require a claim to be made against KKR in the future.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, KKR (including Global Atlantic) is involved in various legal proceedings, requests for information, lawsuits, arbitration, and claims incidental to the conduct of KKR's businesses. KKR's businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory or other legal proceedings against them. Moreover, in the ordinary course of business, KKR is and can be the defendant or the plaintiff in numerous lawsuits with respect to acquisitions, bankruptcy, insolvency and other events. Such lawsuits may involve claims, or may be resolved on terms, that adversely affect the value of certain investments owned by KKR's funds and Global Atlantic's insurance companies.
Kentucky Matter
In December 2017, KKR & Co. L.P. (which is now KKR Group Co. Inc.) and its then Co-Chief Executive Officers, Henry Kravis and George Roberts, were named as defendants in a lawsuit filed in Kentucky state court (the “2017 Action”) alleging, among other things, the violation of fiduciary and other duties in connection with certain separately managed accounts that Prisma Capital Partners LP, a former subsidiary of KKR, manages for the Kentucky Retirement Systems. Also named as defendants in the lawsuit are certain current and former trustees and officers of the Kentucky Retirement Systems, Prisma Capital Partners LP, and various other service providers to the Kentucky Retirement Systems and their related persons. The 2017 Action was dismissed at the direction of the Supreme Court of Kentucky for lack of Kentucky constitutional standing. This dismissal became final on February 16, 2024.
On July 21, 2020, the Office of the Attorney General, on behalf of the Commonwealth of Kentucky (the "Kentucky AG"), filed a new lawsuit in the same Kentucky state court (the “2020 AG Action”) making essentially the same allegations as those raised in the 2017 Action, including against what was then KKR & Co. Inc. (now KKR Group Co. Inc.) and