90%, respectively.
Changing economic conditions and updated assumptions affect Global Atlantic’s assessment of the collectibility of commercial mortgage loans. Changing vacancies and rents are incorporated into the analysis that Global Atlantic performs to measure the allowance for credit losses. In addition, Global Atlantic continuously monitors its commercial mortgage loan portfolio to identify risk. Areas of emphasis are properties that have exposure to specific geographic events or have deteriorating credit.
As of March 31, 2025, the payment status of 96% of the residential mortgage loan portfolio is current, and approximately $318.5 million is 90 days or more past due or in process of foreclosure (representing 1% of the total residential mortgage portfolio). As of December 31, 2024, the payment status of 97% of the residential mortgage loan portfolio was current and approximately $275.1 million were 90 days or more past due or in process of foreclosure (representing 1% of the total residential mortgage portfolio).
The weighted average loan-to-value ratio for residential mortgage loans was 63% as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Global Atlantic's residential mortgage loan portfolio primarily includes mortgage loans backed by single family rental properties, prime loans, and re-performing loans that were purchased at a discount after they were modified and returned to performing status. Global Atlantic has also extended financing to counterparties in the form of repurchase agreements secured by mortgage loans, including performing and non-performing mortgage loans.
Global Atlantic’s consumer loan portfolio is primarily comprised of home improvement loans, residential solar loans, student loans, and auto loans. As of March 31, 2025, 98% of the consumer loan portfolio is in current status and approximately $27.0 million is 90 days or more past due or in process of foreclosure (representing 1% of the total consumer loan portfolio).
Additional Information
To provide supplemental information to stockholders about the net assets of KKR on a segment basis, KKR’s book value was $31.0 billion as of March 31, 2025, which included cash and short-term investments of $7.1 billion. KKR's book value includes its net investment in Global Atlantic, investments in the Asset Management and Strategic Holdings segments, and the net impact of certain other assets and liabilities, including income taxes. KKR's book value excludes the net assets allocable to investors in KKR’s investment funds and other noncontrolling interest holders. In the first quarter of 2025, the Asset Management segment transferred $1.0 billion of investments to the Insurance segment for which no gain or loss was recognized.
144
Table of
Contents
Reconciliations to GAAP Measures
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR & Co. Inc. Common Stockholders
145
Table of
Contents
KKR & Co. Inc. Stockholders' Equity - Common Stock
Cash and Cash Equivalents - Asset Management and Strategic