are recognized in Other Assets or Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities and are presented on a gross basis in the consolidated statements of financial condition and measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. KKR's derivative financial instruments contain credit risk to the extent that its counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreements. KKR attempts to reduce this risk by limiting its counterparties to major financial institutions with strong credit ratings.
Insurance
Global Atlantic holds derivative instruments that are primarily used in its hedge program. Global Atlantic has established a hedge program that seeks to mitigate economic impacts primarily from interest rate and equity price movements, while taking into consideration accounting and capital impacts.
Global Atlantic hedges interest rate and equity market risks associated with its insurance liabilities including fixed-indexed annuities, indexed universal life policies, variable annuity policies, and variable universal life policies, among others. For fixed-indexed annuities and indexed universal life policies, Global Atlantic generally seeks to use static hedges to offset the exposure primarily created by changes in its embedded derivative balances. Global Atlantic generally purchases options which replicate the crediting rate strategies, often in the form of call spreads. Call spreads are the purchase of a call option matched by the sale of a different call option. For variable annuities and variable universal life policies, Global Atlantic generally seeks to dynamically hedge its exposure to changes in the value of the guarantee it provides to policyholders. Doing so requires the active trading of several financial instruments to respond to changes in market conditions. In addition, Global Atlantic enters into inflation swaps to manage inflation risk associated with inflation-indexed preneed policies.
In the context of specific reinsurance transactions in the institutional channel or acquisitions, Global Atlantic may also enter into hedges which are designed to limit short-term market risks to the economic value of the target assets. From time to time, Global Atlantic also enters into hedges designed to mitigate interest rate and credit risk in investment income, interest expense, and fair value of assets and liabilities. In addition, Global Atlantic enters into currency swaps and forwards to manage any foreign exchange rate risks that may arise from investments denominated in foreign currencies.
Global Atlantic attempts to mitigate the risk of loss due to ineffectiveness under these derivative investments through a regular monitoring process which evaluates the program’s effectiveness. Global Atlantic monitors its derivative activities by reviewing portfolio activities and risk levels. Global Atlantic also oversees all derivative transactions