instead used to return invested capital to our funds' limited partners in an amount equal to the netting hole. Once netting holes have been filled with either (a) return of capital equal to the netting hole for those investments where fair value is below cost or (b) increases in the fair value of those investments where fair value is below cost, then realized carried interest will be distributed to the general partner upon a realization event. A fund that is in a position to pay cash carry refers to a fund for which carried interest is expected to be paid to the general partner upon the next material realization event, which includes funds with no netting holes as well as funds with a netting hole that is sufficiently small in size such that the next material realization event would be expected to result in the payment of carried interest. Strategic investor partnerships with fund investors may require netting across the various funds in which they invest, which may reduce the carried interest we otherwise would have earned if such fund investors were to have invested in our funds without the existence of the strategic investor partnership.
147
Table of
Contents
As of March 31, 2025, netting holes in excess of $50 million existed at North America Fund XI and Asian Fund III in the amounts of $431 million and $284 million, respectively. The remaining unrealized gains in each of these funds as of March 31, 2025 is in excess of these netting holes. In accordance with the criteria set forth above, other funds currently have and may in the future develop netting holes, and netting holes for those and other funds may otherwise increase or decrease in the future. If the investment fund has distributed carried interest, but subsequently does not have sufficient value to provide for the distribution of carried interest at the end of the life of the investment fund, the general partner is typically required to return previously distributed carried interest to the fund investors. Although our current and former employees who received distributions of carried interest subject to clawback are required to return them to KKR, it is KKR’s obligation to return carried interest subject to clawback to the fund investors. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $548 million of carried interest was subject to this clawback obligation, assuming that all applicable carry-paying funds and their alternative investment vehicles were liquidated at their March 31, 2025 fair values. As of March 31, 2025, Asian Fund II is the only investment fund with a clawback obligation in excess of $50 million. See Note 24 "Commitments and Contingencies—Contingent Repayment Guarantees" in our financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further information. See also the negative amounts included in the Carried Interest column in the table included in this Item 2 in “Asset Management—Private Equity” for further information on clawback obligations.
We have access to funding under