in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing, manner, price and amount of any common stock repurchases will be determined by KKR in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. KKR expects that the program, which has no expiration date, will continue to be in effect until the maximum approved dollar amount has been used.  The program does not require KKR to repurchase any specific number of shares of common stock, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. In addition to the repurchases of common stock described above, the repurchase program is used for the retirement (by cash settlement or the payment of tax withholding amounts upon net settlement) of equity awards issued pursuant to our Equity Incentive Plan representing the right to receive shares of common stock.
As of April 25, 2025, there is approximately $462 million remaining under KKR's share repurchase program.
The table below sets forth the information with respect to repurchases made by or on behalf of KKR & Co. Inc. or any "affiliated purchaser" (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock for the periods presented.  During the first quarter of 2025, no shares of common stock were repurchased, and 4,232 equity awards were retired.
(1)
As previously announced in April 2024, the share repurchase program was amended such that when the remaining available amount under the share repurchase program becomes $50 million or less (the “Share Repurchase Program Increase Threshold”), the total available amount under the share repurchase program would automatically add an additional $500 million to the then remaining available amount of $50 million or less. The Share Repurchase Program Increase Threshold was reached after March 31, 2025, and the share repurchase program total available amount increased by $500 million. As of April 25, 2025, there is approximately $462 million remaining under KKR's share repurchase program.  Any additional increases to this remaining available amount would require a separate approval by the Board of Directors of KKR & Co. Inc.
165
Table of
Contents
Unregistered Sales of Equity in the First Quarter of 2025
On February 27, 2025, we issued 8,058 shares of KKR & Co. Inc. common stock to one of our fund investors in connection with arrangements related to the fees paid by such fund investor with respect to its investments. The shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, exempting issuances by an issuer not involving a public offering.
ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.
Not applicable.
ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.
Not applicable.
ITEM 5.
OTHER INFORMATION
.
The KKR & Co. Inc. 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) will be held on Monday, June 23, 2025 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. The Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only.