transaction fees in our Capital Markets business line were earned from unaffiliated third parties as compared to 32% for the three months ended March 31, 2024. Our transaction fees are comprised of fees earned in North America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, approximately 46% of our transaction fees were generated outside of North America as compared to approximately 34% for the three months ended March 31, 2024. Our Capital Markets business line is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. Our Capital Markets business line does not generate monitoring fees.
See "—Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results—Capital Invested" for more information about capital invested by business line. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results, and valuations.
Fee Related Performance Revenues
The following table presents fee related performance revenues by business line:
Fee related performance revenues represent performance fees that are (i) expected to be received from our investment funds, investment vehicles, and accounts on a more recurring basis and (ii) not dependent on a realization event involving investments held by the investment fund, vehicle, or account.
These performance fees are primarily earned from (i) FSK in our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line and (ii) KKR Real Estate Select Trust Inc. ("KREST") (our registered closed-end real estate equity fund), KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc. ("KREF") (our real estate credit investment trust), KJR Management ("KJRM") (our Japanese real estate investment trust asset manager), and our infrastructure K-Series vehicles in our Real Assets business line.
The increase in fee related performance revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of performance revenues being earned from FSK in our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line in the current period.
Fee Related Compensation
The increase in fee related compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of compensation recorded in connection with the higher level of fee related revenues.
Other Operating Expenses
The increase in other operating expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of occupancy related and general administrative costs compared to the prior period.
Fee Related Earnings
The increase in fee related earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to (i) a higher level of transaction fees earned in our Capital Markets business line and (ii) a higher level of management fees across our Real Assets and