Commitments and Others
As of March 31, 2025, KKR had unfunded commitments consisting of $
10.8
billion to its investment funds and vehicles. These unfunded commitments also include funding requirements to levered investment vehicles and structured transactions to fund or otherwise be liable for a portion of the vehicle's investment losses and/or to provide the vehicle with liquidity upon certain termination events.
In addition to these uncalled commitments and funding obligations to KKR's investment funds and vehicles, KKR has entered into contractual commitments primarily with respect to underwriting transactions, debt financing, revolving credit facilities, and syndications in KKR's Capital Markets business line. As of March 31, 2025, these capital markets commitments amounted to $
0.5
billion. Whether these amounts are actually funded, in whole or in part, depends on the contractual terms of such capital markets commitments, including the satisfaction or waiver of any conditions to closing or funding. KKR's capital markets business has arrangements with third parties, which are expected to reduce KKR's risk under certain circumstances when underwriting certain debt transactions. As a result, our unfunded capital markets commitments as of March 31, 2025 have been reduced to reflect the amount expected to be funded by such third parties. As of March 31, 2025, KKR's capital markets business line has entered into such arrangements representing a total notional amount of $
4.5
billion.
Global Atlantic has commitments to purchase or fund investments of $
3.2
billion as of March 31, 2025. These commitments include those related to mortgage loans, other lending facilities, and real assets. For those commitments that represent a contractual obligation to extend credit, Global Atlantic has recorded a liability of $
16.9
million for current expected credit losses as of March 31, 2025.
In addition, Global Atlantic has entered into agreements to purchase loans. Global Atlantic's obligations under these agreements are subject to change, curtailment, and cancellation based on various provisions including repricing mechanics, due diligence reviews, and performance or pool quality, among other factors.
Global Atlantic has certain contingent funding obligations related to development-stage renewable energy projects in the amount of $
329.7
million as of March 31, 2025, with expiration dates occurring between January 2026 and September 2027. For accounting purposes, these contingent funding obligations are considered guarantees of the obligations of the development-stage renewable energy projects.
Non-cancelable Operating Leases
KKR's non-cancelable operating leases consist of leases of office space around the world. There are no material rent holidays, contingent rent, rent concessions, or leasehold improvement incentives associated with any of these property leases. In addition to base rentals, certain lease agreements are subject to escalation provisions and