connection with these other investigations.
On January 13, 2025, KKR entered into a settlement with the SEC to resolve the SEC’s investigation related to the preservation of text messages and similar communications on electronic messaging applications under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the “Advisers Act”). Under the terms of the settlement, among other things, KKR paid a civil penalty of $
11.0
million, made certain admissions about recordkeeping violations under the Advisers Act, and agreed, among other things, to conduct a self-assessment of KKR’s compliance with its policies and procedures to preserve electronic communications.
95
Table of Contents
Loss Contingencies
KKR establishes an accrued liability for legal or regulatory proceedings only when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. KKR includes in its financial statements the amount of any reserve for regulatory, litigation and related matters that Global Atlantic includes in its financial statements. No loss contingency is recorded for matters where such losses are either not probable or reasonably estimable (or both) at the time of determination. Such matters also have the possibility of resulting in losses in excess of any amounts accrued. To the extent KKR can in any particular period estimate an aggregate range of reasonably possible losses, these decisions involve significant judgment given that it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss for a matter is probable or even possible or to estimate the amount of any loss in many legal, governmental and regulatory matters.
Estimating an accrued liability or a reasonably possible loss involves significant judgment due to many uncertainties, including among others: (i) the proceeding may be in early stages; (ii) damages sought may be unspecified, unsupportable, unexplained or uncertain; (iii) discovery may not have been started or is incomplete; (iv) there may be uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions; (v) there may be significant factual issues to be resolved; (vi) there may be novel legal issues or unsettled legal theories to be presented or a large number of parties; or (vii) the proceeding relates to a regulatory examination, inquiry, or investigation. It is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of all pending litigations, arbitrations, claims, and governmental or regulatory examinations, inquiries, investigations and proceedings, and some of the matters discussed above seek or may seek potentially large or indeterminate relief. Consequently, management is unable as of the date of filing of this report to estimate an amount or range of reasonably possible losses related to matters pending against KKR. In addition, any amounts accrued as loss contingencies or disclosed as reasonably possible losses may be, in part or in whole, subject to insurance or other payments such as contributions and indemnity, which may reduce any ultimate loss.