Limited (services sector). For the three months ended March 31, 2024, dividends, net were comprised of dividend income from Exact Holding B.V. and FiberCop S.p.A. Dividends earned in our Strategic Holdings segment are reduced by a management fee charged by our Asset Management segment. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the management fee was $7.9 million and for the three months ended March 31, 2024, the management fee was $7.5 million.
Net Realized Investment Income
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 there was no net realized investment income earned in our Strategic Holdings segment.
Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings
Strategic Holdings segment earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was higher compared to the prior period primarily due to the higher level of dividends from companies owned by the firm through our participation in the core private equity strategy.
139
Table of
Contents
Analysis of Non-GAAP Performance Measures
The following is a discussion of our Non-GAAP performance measures for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
Total Operating Earnings
The increase in total operating earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of fee related earnings and strategic holdings operating earnings, partially offset by a lower level of insurance operating earnings. For a discussion of fee related earnings, insurance operating earnings, and strategic holdings operating earnings, see "—Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results", "—Analysis of Insurance Segment Operating Results", and "—Analysis of Strategic Holdings Segment Operating Results."
Total Investing Earnings
The increase in total investing earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of net realized investment income and net realized performance income. For a discussion of net realized performance income and net realized investment income, see "—Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results" and "—Analysis of Strategic Holdings Segment Operating Results."
Total Segment Earnings
The increase in total segment earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of total operating earnings and total investing earnings.
Adjusted Net Income
The increase in adjusted net income for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of total segment earnings, partially offset by an increase in income taxes on adjusted earnings.
Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings
The increase in income taxes on adjusted earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of total segment earnings.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the amount of the tax benefit from equity-based compensation included in income