defined in Note 1 "Organization"), which is scheduled to occur not later than December 31, 2026.
Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock
On March 7, 2025, KKR & Co. Inc. issued
51,750,000
shares, or $
2.59
billion aggregate liquidation preference, of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock.
86
Table of Contents
Subject to certain exceptions, so long as any share of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend or distributions will be declared or paid on shares of KKR & Co. Inc.’s common stock, par value $
0.01
per share, or any other class or series of stock ranking junior to the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and no common stock or any other class or series of stock ranking junior to the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be purchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for consideration by KKR & Co. Inc. or any of its subsidiaries unless, in each case, all accumulated and unpaid dividends for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid in cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of common stock has been set aside for the payment of such dividends, on all outstanding shares of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock.  In addition, when dividends on shares of the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (i) have not been declared and paid in full on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of any parity stock having dividend payment dates different from such dividend payment dates on a dividend payment date falling within a regular dividend period related to such dividend payment date), or (ii) have been declared but a sum of cash or number of shares of Common Stock sufficient for payment thereof has not been set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable regular record date, no dividends may be declared or paid on any parity stock unless dividends are declared on the shares of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock such that the respective amounts of such dividends declared on the shares of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and such shares of parity stock shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of the shares of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and the holders of any shares of parity stock then outstanding.
Unless converted earlier, each share of the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert on the mandatory conversion date, which is expected to be March 1, 2028, into between
0.3312
shares and
0.4140
shares of common stock, in each case, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments described in the certificate of designations setting forth the terms of the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion will be determined based on the average volume weighted average price per share of common stock over the
20
consecutive