swaps, to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with foreign currency-denominated bonds in fair value hedges. These foreign currency-denominated bonds are accounted for as AFS fixed maturity securities. Changes in the fair value of the hedged AFS fixed maturity securities due to changes in spot exchange rates are reclassified from AOCI to earnings, which offsets the earnings impact of the spot changes of the foreign exchange derivative contracts, both of which are recognized within investment-related gains (losses). The effectiveness of these hedges is assessed using the spot method. Changes in the fair value of the foreign exchange derivative contracts related to changes in the spot-forward difference are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are deferred in AOCI and recognized in earnings using a systematic and rational method over the life of the foreign exchange derivative contracts. The amortized cost of the AFS fixed maturity securities in qualifying foreign exchange fair value hedges was $
2.2
billion and $
2.1
billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Global Atlantic has designated interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk associated with certain debt and policy liabilities. These fair value hedges generally qualify for the shortcut method of assessing hedge effectiveness.
The following table presents the financial statement classification, carrying amount, and cumulative fair value hedging adjustments for qualifying hedged debt and policy liabilities:
(1)
Includes $
183.1
million and $
193.3
million of hedging adjustments on discontinued hedging relationships as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Cash Flow Hedges
Global Atlantic has designated bond forwards to hedge the interest rate risk associated with the planned purchase of AFS fixed maturity securities in cash flow hedges. These arrangements are hedging purchases through January 2030 and are expected to affect earnings until 2057. Regression analysis is used to assess the effectiveness of these hedges.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, there was a cumulative gain (loss) of $(
209.6
) million and $(
249.7
) million, respectively, on the currently designated bond forwards recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Amounts deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to net investment income following the qualifying purchases of AFS securities, as an adjustment to the yield earned over the life of the purchased securities, using the effective interest method.
Global Atlantic has designated interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk associated with floating rate investments, including AFS fixed maturity securities and commercial mortgage loans. Regression analysis is used to assess the effectiveness of these hedges.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, there was a cumulative gain (loss) of $(
32.1
) million and $(
60.8
) million on the