the value recorded at each reporting date. Upon a reversal of carried interest income, the related carry pool allocation, if any, is also reversed. Accordingly, such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments.
On the Sunset Date (which will not be later than December 31, 2026), KKR will acquire control of Associates Holdings and will commence making decisions regarding the allocation of the carry proceeds pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of Associates Holdings.  Until the Sunset Date, our Co-Founders will continue to make decisions regarding the allocation of the carry proceeds to themselves and others, pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of Associates Holdings, provided that any allocation of carry proceeds to the Co-Founders will be on a percentage basis consistent with past practice. For additional information about the Sunset Date and the Reorganization Agreement, see Note 1 "Organization" in our financial statements included in this report.
Equity-based Compensation
In addition to the cash-based compensation and carry pool allocations as described above, employees receive equity awards under our Equity Incentive Plans, most of which are subject to service-based vesting typically over a three to five-year period from the date of grant, and some of which are also subject to the achievement of market-based conditions. Certain of these awards are subject to post-vesting transfer restrictions and minimum retained ownership requirements.
Compensation expense relating to the issuance of equity-based awards is measured at fair value on the grant date. In determining the aggregate fair value of any award grants, we make judgments as to the grant-date fair value, particularly for certain restricted units with a vesting condition based upon market conditions, whose grant date fair values are based on a probability distributed Monte-Carlo simulation. See Note 19 "Equity Based Compensation,” in our financial statements included in this report for further discussion and activity of these awards.
157
Table of
Contents
Investment Income (Loss) -Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities
Net gains (losses) from investment activities consist of realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from our investment activities as well as income earned from certain equity method investments. Fluctuations in net gains (losses) from investment activities between reporting periods is driven primarily by changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio as well as the realization of investments. The fair value of, as well as the ability to recognize gains from, our investments is significantly impacted by the global financial markets, which, in turn, affects the net gains (losses) from investment activities recognized in any given period. Upon the disposition of an investment, previously recognized unrealized gains and losses are reversed and an offsetting realized gain or loss is recognized in the current