increase of $7.4 billion, compared to $276.2 billion at December 31, 2024.
The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic inflows and various private credit and leveraged credit investment funds and, to a lesser extent, (ii) investment value appreciation across our leveraged credit and private credit investment funds and on assets managed by Marshall Wace. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders, and (ii) distributions to, and redemptions from, fund investors at certain leveraged credit and private credit funds.
See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations.
Fee Paying Assets Under Management
Private Equity
The following table reflects the changes in the FPAUM of our Private Equity business line from December 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025:
FPAUM of our Private Equity business line was $124.1 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase of $4.5 billion, compared to $119.6 billion at December 31, 2024.
The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised by private equity K-Series vehicles, our core private equity strategy and, assets we manage and earn fees from in our Strategic Holdings segment. Partially offsetting the increase was distributions to fund investors primarily as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from Asian Fund III and European Fund V.
Uncalled capital commitments from private equity funds and other investment vehicles from which KKR is currently not earning management fees amounted to approximately $31.1 billion at March 31, 2025, which includes capital commitments reserved for follow-on investments for funds that have completed their investment periods. This capital will generally begin to earn management fees upon deployment of the capital or upon the commencement of the fund's investment period. The average annual management fee rate associated with this capital is approximately 1.2%. The date on which we begin to earn fees (as specified above) is not guaranteed to occur and may not occur for an extended period of time. If and when such management fees are earned, a portion of existing FPAUM may cease paying fees or pay lower fees, thus offsetting a portion of any new management fees earned.
135
Table of
Contents
Real Assets
The following table reflects the changes in the FPAUM of our Real Assets business line from December 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025:
FPAUM of our Real Assets business line was $144.0 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase of $4.3 billion, compared to $139.7 billion at December 31, 2024.
The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic inflows invested in real estate, our infrastructure K-Series vehicles, and Global Infrastructure Investors V, and, to a lesser extent, (ii) the increase in value of the assets managed by KJRM primarily