Units held by it, and in exchange KKR issued and delivered 266.8 million shares of common stock to our principals. On the "Sunset Date" (which will occur no later than December 31, 2026), KKR will cancel the Series I preferred stock, establish voting rights for all common stock on a one vote per share basis, and acquire control of the carry pool. For more information about the Reorganization Agreement, see Note 1 "Organization" in our financial statements included in this report.
KKR’s asset management business is conducted by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. and various other subsidiaries of KKR & Co. Inc. other than Global Atlantic. KKR’s insurance business is operated by Global Atlantic, which KKR acquired a majority controlling interest in on February 1, 2021 ("2021 GA Acquisition"). On January 2, 2024, KKR acquired the remaining minority interests of Global Atlantic held by third party co-investors and Global Atlantic employees in exchange for cash and securities exchangeable for shares of KKR & Co. Inc. common stock (the “2024 GA Acquisition”). As of January 2, 2024, KKR owns 100.0% of Global Atlantic. KJR Management ("KJRM") is a Japanese real estate asset manager, which KKR acquired on April 28, 2022.
References to our "funds," "vehicles," or "investment vehicles" refer to a wide array of investment funds, vehicles, and accounts that are advised, managed, or sponsored by one or more subsidiaries of KKR, including collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs") and business development companies (each, a "BDC"), unless the context requires otherwise. These references do not include the investment funds, vehicles, or accounts of any hedge fund partnership or any other third-party asset manager with which we have formed a strategic partnership or have acquired a minority ownership interest. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “fund investors” or "investors in our investment vehicles" refers to the third-party investors in these funds and investment vehicles. References to “strategic investor partnerships” refers to separately managed accounts with certain investors, which typically have investment periods longer than our traditional funds and typically provide for investments across different investment strategies. References to “hedge fund partnerships” refers to strategic partnerships with third-party hedge fund managers in which KKR owns a minority stake.
Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to our outstanding common stock on a fully exchanged and diluted basis reflect (i) actual shares of common stock outstanding, (ii) shares of common stock issuable pursuant to equity awards actually granted pursuant to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, and (iii) shares of common stock issuable from exchangeable securities, including vested partnership interests in KKR Holdings III L.P. Our outstanding common stock on a fully exchanged and diluted basis does not include shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to