investment funds, vehicles and accounts (including Global Atlantic and the Strategic Holdings segment) and provides capital markets services to portfolio companies and third parties. This reportable segment also reflects how its business lines operate collaboratively with predominantly a single expense pool.
•
Insurance - The insurance business is operated by Global Atlantic, which is a leading U.S. retirement and life insurance company that provides a broad suite of protection, legacy and savings products and reinsurance solutions to clients across individual and institutional markets. Global Atlantic primarily generates income by earning a spread between its investment income and the cost of policyholder benefits.
•
Strategic Holdings - The strategic holdings business currently represents KKR's participation in its core private equity strategy. This segment primarily generates income from dividends from these businesses. Dividends are presented net of management fees paid to the Asset Management segment. If KKR were to sell a portion or all of a business reported in Strategic Holdings, the realized gain or loss would be presented as realized investment income, net of a performance fee paid to the Asset Management segment.
KKR’s segment profitability measures used to make operating decisions and assess performance across KKR’s reportable segments is presented prior to giving effect to the allocation of income (loss) among KKR & Co. Inc. and holders of any exchangeable securities, and the consolidation of the investment funds, vehicles and accounts that KKR advises, manages or sponsors (including CFEs). For each segment, the chief operating decision makers use the key measure of segment earnings to allocate resources to that segment in the annual budget and forecasting process. KKR's segment profitability measures excludes: (i) equity-based compensation charges, (ii) amortization of acquired intangibles, and (iii) transaction-related and non-operating items, if any. Transaction-related and non-operating items arise from corporate actions and non-operating items, which consist of: (i) impairments, (ii) transaction costs from acquisitions, (iii) depreciation on real estate that KKR owns and occupies, (iv) contingent liabilities, net of any recoveries, and (v) other gains or charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of KKR's ongoing operational performance.
Inter-segment transactions are not eliminated from segment results when management considers those transactions in assessing the results of the respective segments. These transactions include (i) management fees earned by the Asset Management segment as the investment adviser for Global Atlantic insurance companies, (ii) management and performance fees earned by the Asset Management segment from the Strategic Holdings segment, and (iii) interest income and expense based on lending arrangements where the Asset Management segment borrows from the Insurance segment.