best estimate of the amounts that we would anticipate realizing on the sale of these investments in an orderly transaction at such date.
In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
Level III Valuation Methodologies
Our investments and financial instruments are impacted by various economic conditions and events outside of our control that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the carried interest and investment income we realize. Additionally, a change in interest rates could have a significant impact on valuations.
Across the total Level III private equity investment portfolio (including core private equity investments), and including investments in both consolidated and unconsolidated investment funds, approximately 60% of the fair value is derived from investments that are valued based exactly 50% on market comparables and 50% on a discounted cash flow analysis. Less than 5% of the fair value of this Level III private equity investment portfolio (including core private equity investments) is derived from investments that are valued either based 100% on market comparables or 100% on a discounted cash flow analysis. As of March 31, 2025, the overall weights ascribed to the market comparables methodology, the discounted cash flow methodology, and a methodology based on pending sales for this portfolio of Level III private equity investments were 39%, 54%, and 7%, respectively.
There is inherent uncertainty involved in the valuation of Level III investments, and there is no assurance that, upon liquidation, KKR will realize the values reflected in our valuations. Our valuations may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had an active market for the investments existed, and it is reasonably possible that the difference could be material. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information on factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results, and valuations.
Key unobservable inputs that have a significant impact on our Level III valuations as described above are included in Note 9 "Fair Value Measurements" in our financial statements.
Level III Valuation Process
The valuation process involved for Level III measurements is completed on a quarterly basis and is designed to subject the valuation of Level III investments to an appropriate level of consistency, oversight, and review.
For private equity and real asset investments classified as Level III, investment professionals prepare preliminary valuations based on their evaluation of financial and operating data, company