principally consists of a 39.6% interest in Marshall Wace LLP (together with its affiliates, "Marshall Wace"), a global alternative investment manager specializing in long/short equity products.
The table below presents information as of March 31, 2025, relating to our current credit investment vehicles reported in our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line for which we have the ability to earn carried interest. This data does not reflect acquisitions or disposals of investments, changes in investment values, or distributions occurring after March 31, 2025.
(1)
The start date represents the start of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and may or may not be the same as the date upon which management fees begin to accrue.
(2)
The end date represents the end of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and is generally not the date upon which management fees cease to accrue. For funds that initially charge management fees on the basis of committed capital, the end date is generally the date on or after which the management fees begin to be calculated instead on the basis of invested capital and may, for certain funds, begin to be calculated using a lower rate.
(3)
The commitment represents the aggregate capital commitments to the fund, including capital commitments by third-party fund investors and the general partner. Foreign currency commitments have been converted into U.S. dollars based on the foreign exchange rate that prevailed on March 31, 2025.
(4)
The remaining cost represents the initial investment of the general partner and limited partners, reduced for returns of capital.
103
Table of
Contents
The following table presents information regarding larger leveraged credit strategies managed by KKR from inception to March 31, 2025. The information presented below is not intended to be representative of any past or future performance for any particular period other than the period presented below. Past performance is no guarantee of any future result.
(1)
The benchmarks referred to herein include the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index (the "S&P/LSTA Loan Index"), S&P/LSTA U.S. B/BB Ratings Loan Index (the "S&P/LSTA BB-B Loan Index"), the Bank of America Merrill Lynch High Yield Master II Index (the "BoAML HY Master II Index"), the BofA Merrill Lynch BB-B US High Yield Index (the "BoAML HY BB-B Constrained"), the Credit Suisse Institutional Western European Leveraged Loan Index (the "CS Inst West European Leveraged Loan Index"), and S&P European Leveraged Loans (All Loans). The S&P/LSTA Loan Index is a daily tradable index for the U.S. loan market that seeks to mirror the market-weighted performance of the largest institutional loans that meet certain criteria. The BoAML HY Master II Index is an index for high-yield corporate bonds. It is designed to measure the broad high-yield market, including lower-rated securities. The CS Inst West European Leveraged Loan Index contains