comprised of: Dividends, Net and Net Realized Investment Income. Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings excludes the impact of unrealized gains (losses) on investments. Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings includes management fees and performance fee expenses that are earned by the Asset Management segment.
KKR disclosed all the segment expenses under the significant expense principle for each reportable segment. There are no expenses to be disclosed in the other segment category, because segment revenues minus segment expenses equals the segment measure of profit of each reportable segment.
83
Table of Contents
Segment Presentation
The following tables set forth information regarding KKR's segment results:
84
Table of Contents
Reconciliations of Total Segment Amounts
The following tables reconcile Segment Revenues, Expenses, Earnings, and Assets to their equivalent GAAP measure:
(1)
Includes gains and losses on funds withheld receivables and payables embedded derivatives.
(2)
Total Segment Revenues is comprised of (i) Management Fees, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net, (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues, (iv) Realized Performance Income, (v) Realized Investment Income, (vi) Net Investment Income, and (vii) Dividends, Net.
(1)
Total Segment Expenses is comprised of (i) Fee Related Compensation, (ii) Realized Performance Income Compensation, (iii) Realized Investment Income Compensation, (iv) Net Cost of Insurance, (v) General, Administrative and Other, and (vi) Other Operating Expenses.
85
Table of Contents
(1)
Includes gains and losses on funds withheld receivables and payables embedded derivatives.
22.
EQUITY
Stockholders' Equity
Common Stock
The common stock of KKR & Co. Inc. is entitled to vote as provided by its certificate of incorporation, Delaware General Corporation Law and the rules of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). Subject to preferences that apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time on which dividends are payable, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if the Board of Directors, in its discretion, determines to declare dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the Board of Directors may determine. The common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions.
Series I Preferred Stock
Except for any distribution required by Delaware law to be made upon a dissolution event, the holders of Series I preferred stock do not have any economic rights to receive dividends. Series I preferred stock is entitled to vote on various matters that may be submitted to vote of the stockholders and the other matters as set forth in the certificate of incorporation. Upon a dissolution event, each holder of Series I preferred stock will be entitled to a payment equal to $
0.01
per share of Series I preferred stock. The Series I preferred stock will be eliminated on the Sunset Date (as