the three months ended March 31, 2025, net realized gains related primarily to realized gains from (i) the sale of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: BBIO) and Citation Topco Limited (services sector) and (ii) the settlement of foreign exchange forward contracts. Partially offsetting these realized gains were realized losses on our investment in Selecta Group HoldCo. (consumer products sector) and realized losses on certain investments held in consolidated CLOs and one of our consolidated opportunistic real estate equity funds.
Unrealized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, net unrealized gains were driven primarily by (i) mark-to-market gains primarily relating to USI, Inc. (financial services sector), PO Söderberg & Partner Holding AB (financial services sector), and IVI-RMA Global, S.L. (health care sector) and (ii) the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses relating to the realized losses described above. The unrealized gains were partially offset by (i) unrealized losses on certain foreign exchange forward contracts, (ii) unrealized losses on certain investments held in consolidated CLOs, and (iii) a mark-to-market loss relating to PetVet Care Centers, LLC (health care sector).
The factors that affect each investment strategy vary depending on the nature of the asset class and the valuation methodology employed. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, net gains were primarily generated in the following asset classes:
•
Private Equity (including core private equity), which were primarily impacted by overall positive operating performance of certain portfolio companies. Changes in market multiples varied across regions / sectors used in the market comparables methodology for the valuation of Level III investments; and
•
Infrastructure, which primarily benefited from the overall positive operating performance of certain infrastructure assets, partially offset by slightly higher cost of capital assumptions. Changes in market multiples varied across regions / sectors used in the market comparables methodology for the valuation of Level III investments.
See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information about risks, uncertainties, and other market and economic conditions that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuation.
Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities for the three months ended March 31, 2024
The net gains from investment activities for the three months ended March 31, 2024 were comprised of net realized losses of $(190.9) million and net unrealized gains of $829.1 million.
Realized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities
For the three months ended March 31, 2024, net realized losses related primarily to the (i) realized losses on the sale of Telepizza SAU (consumer products sector) and (ii) realized losses from the distribution of certain assets to third-party fund investors in certain of our