the calculation of IRRs and multiples of invested capital. The inclusion of recycled capital generally causes invested and realized amounts to be higher and IRRs and multiples of invested capital to be lower than had recycled capital not been included. The inclusion of recycled capital would reduce the composite net IRR of all Included Funds by 0.1% and the composite net IRR of all Legacy Funds by 0.5% and would reduce the composite multiple of invested capital of Included Funds by less than 0.1 and the composite multiple of invested capital of Legacy Funds by 0.4.
For more information, see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Investment Activities—Future results of our investments may be different than, and may not achieve the levels of, any of our historical returns" in our Annual Report.
Credit and Liquid Strategies
Through our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line, we report our credit and hedge funds platforms on a combined basis. As of March 31, 2025, our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line had $283.6 billion of AUM, comprised of $129.1 billion of assets managed in our leveraged credit strategies, $74.2 billion of assets in asset-based finance, $42.8 billion in direct lending, $7.7 billion of assets managed in our SIG strategy, and $29.8 billion of assets managed through our hedge fund platform, which we refer to as the liquid strategies component of our credit and liquid strategies business. Asset-based finance and direct lending together represent our private credit strategy. We manage $145.9 billion of credit investments for our Global Atlantic insurance companies. Our BDCs have approximately $16.2 billion in assets under management, which is reflected in the AUM of our credit strategies above. We report all of the assets under management of our BDCs in our AUM, but we report only a pro rata portion of the assets under management of our hedge fund partnerships based on our percentage ownership in them.
Credit
Our credit platform invests capital in a broad range of corporate debt and collateral-backed investments across asset classes and capital structures. Our credit strategies are primarily managed by KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC, which is an SEC-registered investment adviser, KKR Credit Advisors (Ireland) Unlimited Company, which is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBI”), KKR Credit Advisors (EMEA) LLP, which is regulated by the United Kingdom ("UK") Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), and KKR Credit Advisors (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., which is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and an SEC-registered investment adviser. We also jointly own with a third party FS/KKR Advisor, LLC, an investment adviser registered with the SEC that provides investment advisory services to certain registered investment companies, including FS KKR Capital Corp. (NYSE: FSK), a publicly listed BDC, KKR FS Income Trust, a privately-offered BDC and KKR FS Income Trust Select, a privately-offered BDC.
Our credit business