manager or sponsor for its investment funds, vehicles and accounts, including its Global Atlantic insurance companies and Strategic Holdings segment, are included in Asset Management Segment Earnings.
Insurance Operating Earnings
Insurance Operating Earnings is the segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and to assess the performance of the Insurance segment. This measure is presented before income taxes and is comprised of: (i) Net Investment Income, (ii) Net Cost of Insurance, and (iii) General, Administrative, and Other Expenses. Insurance Operating Earnings excludes the impact of: (i) investment gains (losses) which include realized gains (losses) related to asset/liability matching investment strategies and unrealized investment gains (losses) and (ii) non-operating changes in policy liabilities and derivatives which includes (a) changes in the fair value of market risk benefits and other policy liabilities measured at fair value and related benefit payments, (b) fees attributed to guaranteed benefits, (c) derivatives used to manage the risks associated with policy liabilities, and (d) losses at contract issuance on payout annuities. Insurance Operating Earnings includes (i) realized gains and losses not related to asset/liability matching investment strategies and (ii) the investment management costs that are earned by our Asset Management segment as the investment adviser of the Global Atlantic insurance companies.
Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings
Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings is the segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and to assess the performance of the Strategic Holdings segment. This measure is presented before income taxes and is comprised of: Dividends, Net and Net Realized Investment Income. Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings excludes the impact of unrealized gains (losses) on investments. Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings includes management fees and performance fee expenses that are earned by the Asset Management segment.
Fee Related Earnings
Fee related earnings is a performance measure used to assess the Asset Management segment’s generation of earnings from revenues that are measured and received on a more recurring basis as compared to KKR’s investing earnings. KKR believes this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the profitability of our fee generating asset management and capital markets businesses. FRE equals (i) Management Fees, including fees paid by the Insurance and Strategic Holdings segments to the Asset Management segment and fees paid by Ivy vehicles and other reinsurance vehicles, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net and (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues, less (x) Fee Related Compensation, and (y) Other Operating Expenses.
Fee Related Performance Revenues refers to the realized portion of performance fees from certain AUM that has an indefinite term and for which there is no immediate requirement to return