features on fixed annuity and variable annuity products, including minimum guarantees to policyholders, such as guaranteed minimum death benefits ("GMDBs"), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits ("GMWBs"), and long-term care benefits (which are capped at the return of account value plus one or two times the account value).
Some of Global Atlantic's variable annuity and fixed-indexed annuity contracts contain a GMDB feature that provides a guarantee that the benefit received at death will be no less than a prescribed minimum amount, even if the account balance is reduced to zero. This amount is based on either the net deposits paid into the contract, the net deposits accumulated at a specified rate, the highest historical account value on a contract anniversary, or sometimes a combination of these values. If the GMDB is higher than the current account value at the time of death, Global Atlantic incurs a cost equal to the difference.
158
Table of
Contents
Global Atlantic issues fixed-indexed annuity and variable annuity contracts with a guaranteed minimum withdrawal feature. GMWB are an optional benefit where the contract owner is entitled to withdraw a maximum amount of their benefit base each year.
Once exercised, living benefit features provide annuity policyholders with a minimum guaranteed stream of income for life. A policyholder’s annual income benefit is generally based on an annual withdrawal percentage multiplied by the benefit base. The benefit base is defined in the policy and is generally the initial premium, reduced by any partial withdrawals and increased by a defined percentage, formula, or index credits. Any living benefit payments are first deducted from the account value. Global Atlantic is responsible for paying any excess guaranteed living benefits still owed after the account value has reached zero.
The ultimate cost of these benefits will depend on the level of market returns and the level of contractual guarantees, as well as policyholder behavior, including surrenders, withdrawals, and benefit utilization. For Global Atlantic's fixed-indexed annuity products, costs also include certain non-guaranteed terms that impact the ultimate cost, such as caps on crediting rates that Global Atlantic can, in its discretion, reset annually.
See Note 17 “Policy Liabilities” in our financial statements for additional information.
As of March 31, 2025, the net market risk liability balance totaled $1.2 billion. As of March 31, 2025, the liability balances for market risk benefits were $965.3 million for fixed-indexed annuities and $229.0 million for variable and other annuities. The increase (decrease) to the net market risk benefit liability balance as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, instrument-specific credit risk, equity market prices, expected mortality, and expected surrenders are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other