depreciation, and intangible asset amortization for each income statement line item that contains those expenses. The update will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027. KKR is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.
20
Table of Contents
3.
REVENUES - ASSET MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGIC HOLDINGS
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, Asset Management and Strategic Holdings revenues consisted of the following:
21
Table of Contents
4.
NET GAINS (LOSSES) FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES - ASSET MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGIC HOLDINGS
Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the consolidated statements of operations consist primarily of the realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments (including foreign exchange gains and losses attributable to foreign denominated investments and related activities) and other financial instruments, including those for which the fair value option has been elected. Unrealized gains or losses result from changes in the fair value of these investments and other financial instruments during a period. Upon disposition of an investment or financial instrument, previously recognized unrealized gains or losses are reversed and an offsetting realized gain or loss is recognized in the current period.
The following table summarizes total Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities:
(1)
See Note 7 "Investments."
(2)
See Note 8 "Derivatives" and Note 14 "Other Assets and Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities."
(3)
See Note 16 "Debt Obligations."
22
Table of Contents
5.
NET INVESTMENT INCOME - INSURANCE
Net investment income for Global Atlantic is comprised primarily of (i) interest income, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, (ii) dividend income from common and preferred stock, (iii) earnings from investments accounted for under equity method accounting, and (iv) lease income on real assets.
The components of net investment income were as follows:
6.
NET INVESTMENT-RELATED GAINS (LOSSES) - INSURANCE
Net investment-related gains (losses) from insurance operations primarily consist of (i) realized gains (losses) from the disposal of investments, (ii) unrealized gains (losses) from investments held for trading, equity securities, real estate investments accounted for under investment company accounting, and investments with fair value remeasurements recognized in earnings as a result of the election of a fair-value option, (iii) unrealized gains (losses) on funds withheld receivable and payable at interest, (iv) unrealized gains (losses) from derivatives (excluding certain derivatives designated as hedge accounting instruments), and (v) allowances for credit losses, and other impairments of investments.
Net investment-related gains (losses) were as follows:
23
Table of Contents
Allowance for Credit Losses
Available-For-