Holdings is currently not a subsidiary of KKR & Co. Inc.
3
Table of Contents
KKR Group Partnership L.P. ("KKR Group Partnership") is the intermediate holding company that owns the entirety of KKR’s business. Unless otherwise indicated, references to equity interests in KKR’s business, or to percentage interests in KKR’s business, reflect the aggregate equity interests in KKR Group Partnership, and are net of amounts that have been allocated to carry pool participants and any other holders of minority interests in KKR Group Partnership. References to “KKR Group Partnership” for periods prior to January 1, 2020 refer to KKR Fund Holdings L.P., KKR Management Holdings L.P. and KKR International Holdings L.P., collectively, which were combined on that date to form KKR Group Partnership. References to a “KKR Group Partnership Unit” refer to (i) one Class A partner interest in each of KKR Fund Holdings L.P., KKR Management Holdings L.P. and KKR International Holdings L.P., collectively, for periods prior to prior to January 1, 2020, and (ii) one Class A partner interest in KKR Group Partnership for periods on and after January 1, 2020. “Exchangeable securities” refers to securities that have the right to acquire KKR Group Partnership Units and to exchange them for our shares of common stock. As of the date of this report, our only outstanding exchangeable securities are (i) restricted holdings units issued through KKR Holdings II L.P. ("KKR Holdings II"), which are issued under the Amended and Restated KKR & Co. Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2019 Equity Incentive Plan"), and (ii) restricted holdings units issued through KKR Holdings III L.P. ("KKR Holdings III"), which are not issued under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and are currently held by certain Global Atlantic employees who received 2.6 million units (a majority of which are unvested) in connection with the January 2, 2024 transaction described below. In the future, we may issue securities other than restricted holdings units that may constitute exchangeable securities.
On October 8, 2021, KKR entered into a Reorganization Agreement (the "Reorganization Agreement") with KKR Holdings, KKR Management, Associates Holdings, and the other parties thereto. Pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, the parties agreed to undertake a series of integrated transactions to effect a number of transformative structural and governance changes, including (a) the acquisition by KKR of KKR Holdings and all of the KKR Group Partnership Units held by it (which as noted below was completed), (b) the future elimination of voting control by KKR Management and the Series I preferred stock held by it, (c) the future establishment of voting rights for all common stock on a one vote per share basis, including with respect to the election of directors, and (d) the future control of the carry pool by KKR. On May 31, 2022, KKR completed the acquisition of KKR Holdings and the 258.3 million KKR Group Partnership