interest that is recognized as well as the amount of investment income that is recognized for investments held directly in Asset Management, Strategic Holdings, and through our consolidated funds as described below. We estimate that an immediate 10% decrease in the fair value of investments held directly and through consolidated investment funds generally would result in a commensurate change in the amount of net gains (losses) from investment activities for investments held directly and through investment funds and a more significant impact to the amount of carried interest recognized, regardless of whether the investment was valued using observable market prices or management estimates with significant unobservable pricing inputs. With respect to consolidated investment funds, the impact that the consequential decrease in investment income would have on net income attributable to KKR would generally be significantly less than the amount described above, given that a majority of the change in fair value of our consolidated funds would be attributable to noncontrolling interests and therefore we are only impacted to the extent of our carried interest and our ownership in the consolidated investment funds and investment vehicles.  With respect to Insurance, a decrease in investment income for certain assets where investment gains and losses are recognized through the statement of operations would impact KKR only to the extent of our economic ownership interest in Global Atlantic.
As of March 31, 2025, there were no investments (including in our Strategic Holdings segment) which represented greater than 5% of total investments on a GAAP basis. Our investment income on a GAAP basis and our asset management segment assets can be impacted by volatility in the public markets. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for a discussion of factors that may impact the valuations of our investments, financial results, operating results, and valuations, and "—Segment Balance Sheet Measures" for additional information regarding our largest holdings on a segment basis.
154
Table of
Contents
Business Combinations
KKR accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, under which the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using the fair values determined by management as of the acquisition date.
Management’s determination of fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date is based on the best information available in the circumstances and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involve a significant degree of judgment. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets. Examples of critical estimates in valuing certain of the