program becomes $
50
million or less, the total available amount under the share repurchase program will automatically add an additional $
500
million to the then remaining available amount of $
50
million or less (the “Share Repurchase Program Increase Threshold”). As of March 31, 2025, there was approximately $
68
million remaining under the program. The Share Repurchase Program Increase Threshold was reached after March 31, 2025, which automatically added an additional $
500
million to the then remaining available amount. As of April 25, 2025, there was approximately $
462
million remaining under the program. Any additional increases to this remaining available amount would require a separate approval by the Board of Directors of KKR & Co. Inc. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.
The following table presents the shares of KKR & Co. Inc. common stock that have been repurchased or equity awards retired under the repurchase program:
Change in KKR & Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest
Vesting of restricted holdings units results in a change in ownership in KKR Group Partnership, while KKR retains a controlling interest, and is accounted for as an equity transaction between the controlling and noncontrolling interests.
Noncontrolling Interests
Noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities represent the non-redeemable ownership interests in KKR that are held primarily by:
(i)
third party fund investors in KKR's consolidated funds and certain other entities;
(ii)
third parties in KKR's Capital Markets business line;
(iii)
certain current and former employees who hold exchangeable securities; and
(iv)
third-party investors in certain of Global Atlantic's consolidated entities.
88
Table of Contents
The following table presents the balances of, and changes in, Noncontrolling Interests:
89
Table of Contents
23.
REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS
Redeemable noncontrolling interests primarily represents noncontrolling interests of certain KKR investment funds and vehicles that are subject to periodic redemption by fund investors following the expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee during the period when capital may not be otherwise withdrawn. Consolidated fund investor's interests subject to redemption as described above are presented as Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition and presented as Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. When redeemable amounts become legally payable to fund investors, they are classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses, and Other Liabilities in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition.
The following table presents the balances of, and changes in, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests:
90
Table of Contents
24.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Funding