GAAP Performance Measures" and the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information about factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results, and valuations.
Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results
The following tables set forth information regarding KKR's asset management segment operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
Management Fees
The following table presents management fees by business line:
The decrease in Private Equity management fees was primarily attributable to (i) a lower level of management fees earned from Ascendant (our U.S. middle market traditional private equity strategy fund) due to management fees earned on new capital raised in the first quarter of 2024 that were retroactive to the start of the fund's investment period and no such retroactive fees were earned in the current period, (ii) a lower level of management fees from Asian Fund III due to a step-down in management fee rate and a decrease in invested capital subsequent to the first quarter of 2024, and (iii) Asian Fund II which no longer pays management fees as a result of an agreement to waive such fees. The decrease was partially offset by management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months by our private equity K-Series vehicles, net of certain revenue sharing arrangements. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were no management fees earned on new capital raised that were retroactive to the start of the relevant fund's investment period.
128
Table of
Contents
We expect an increase in management fees earned in our financial results for the quarter ending June 30, 2025 due to the commencement of management fees from North America Fund XIV. This increase will be partially offset by a reduction in management fees from North America Fund XIII as a result of paying management fees based on remaining cost rather than capital committed as well as a step-down in the management fee rate. The net increase in management fees is expected to be approximately $20 million in our financial results for the quarter ending June 30, 2025.
The increase in Real Assets management fees was primarily attributable to (i) management fees commencing at Global Infrastructure Investors V in the third quarter of 2024, (ii) a higher level of management fees earned from Global Atlantic primarily due to the growth in assets from inflows, and (iii) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months at our infrastructure K-Series vehicles, net of certain revenue sharing arrangements. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in management fees earned from Global Infrastructure Investors IV as a result of entering its post-investment period in the third quarter of 2024, and now pays fees based on capital invested rather than capital committed. During the