Holdings
Investments - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings
(1)
Book Value is a non-GAAP performance measure, which provides additional insight into the net assets of KKR presented on a basis that (i) excludes the net assets that are allocated to investors in KKR’s investment funds and other noncontrolling interest holders, (ii) includes the net assets that are attributable to certain securities exchangeable into shares of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc., (iii) includes the net investment in Global Atlantic, investments in the Asset Management and Strategic Holdings segments, and (iv) includes the net impact of certain other assets and liabilities, including the net impact of KKR's tax assets and liabilities as calculated under GAAP. Book Value excludes the dilutive impact of the conversion of any of KKR & Co. Inc.’s Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. If all outstanding shares of the Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into KKR & Co. Inc. common stock as of March 31, 2025, our Book Value would have increased by $2.5 billion. and our common stock outstanding would have increased by 21.4 million shares.
146
Table of
Contents
Liquidity
We manage our liquidity and capital requirements by (a) focusing on our cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and CFEs and the effect of changes in short term assets and liabilities, which we anticipate will be settled for cash within one year, and (b) seeking to maintain access to sufficient liquidity through various sources. The overall liquidity framework and cash management approach of our insurance business are also based on seeking to build an investment portfolio that is cash flow matched, providing cash inflows from insurance assets that meet our insurance companies' expected cash outflows to pay their liabilities. Our primary cash flow activities typically involve (i) generating cash flow from operations; (ii) generating income from investment activities, by investing in investments that generate yield (namely interest and dividends), as well as through the sale of investments and other assets; (iii) funding capital commitments that we have made to, and advancing capital to, our funds and CLOs; (iv) developing and funding new investment strategies, investment products, and other growth initiatives, including acquisitions of other investments, assets, and businesses; (v) underwriting and funding capital commitments in our capital markets business; (vi) distributing cash flow to our stockholders and any holders of our preferred stock, if any; and (vii) paying borrowings, interest payments, and repayments under credit agreements, our senior and subordinated notes, and other borrowing arrangements. See "—Liquidity," "—Liquidity Needs," and "—Dividends and Stock Repurchases."
See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and "—Business Environment" for more information on factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results, and valuations.