three months ended March 31, 2025, approximately $6.3 million of management fees were earned on new capital raised that is retroactive to the start of the relevant fund's investment period.
The increase in Credit and Liquid Strategies management fees was primarily attributable to (i) a higher level of management fees earned from Global Atlantic primarily due to the growth in assets from inflows, (ii) an increase in capital invested in certain alternative credit strategy accounts, which resulted in an increase in its fee base, and (iii) a higher level of management fees earned from FS KKR Capital Corp., which we refer to as “FSK” (NYSE: FSK).
Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net
The following table presents transaction and monitoring fees, net by business line:
Our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines earn transaction and monitoring fees from portfolio companies, and under the terms of the management agreements with certain of our investment funds, we are required to share all or a portion of such fees with our fund investors. For most of our investment funds, transaction and monitoring fees are credited against fund management fees up to 100% of the amount of the transaction and monitoring fees attributable to that investment fund, which results in a decrease of our transaction and monitoring fees. Our Capital Markets business line earns transaction fees, which are generally not shared with fund investors.
The increase in transaction and monitoring fees, net is primarily due to a higher level of transaction fees earned in our Capital Markets business line. The increase in Capital Markets business line transaction fees was primarily due to an increase in the number of capital markets transactions for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, reflecting increased levels of issuance activity across the leveraged loan markets.
Overall, we completed 111 capital markets transactions for the three months ended March 31, 2025, of which 12 represented equity offerings and 99 represented debt offerings, as compared to 85 capital markets transactions for the three months ended March 31, 2024, of which 9 represented equity offerings and 76 represented debt offerings. We earn fees in connection with underwriting, syndication, and other capital markets services. While each of the capital markets transactions that we undertake in this business line is separately negotiated, our fee rates are generally higher with respect to underwriting or syndicating equity offerings than with respect to debt offerings, and the amount of fees that we earn for similar transactions generally correlates with overall transaction sizes.
129
Table of
Contents
Our capital markets fees are generated in connection with activity involving our private equity, real assets, and credit funds as well as from third-party companies. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 approximately 19% of our