during the year.
Beginning in 2021, we expect to pay our employees by assigning a percentage range to each component of asset management segment revenues.  Prior to January 1, 2024, based on the current components and blend of our asset management segment revenues on an annual basis, we expected to use approximately: (i) 20‐25% of fee related revenues, (ii) 60‐70% of realized carried interest and incentive fees not included in fee related performance revenues or earned from our hedge fund partnerships, and (iii) 10‐20% of realized investment income and hedge fund partnership incentive fees, to pay our asset management employees. Beginning in January 2024, we expect to use approximately: (i) 15%-20% of fee related revenues, (ii) 70%-80% of realized carried interest and incentive fees not included in fee related performance revenues or earned from our hedge fund partnerships, and (iii) 10%-20% of realized investment income and hedge fund partnership incentive fees, to pay our asset management employees. Because these ranges are applied to applicable asset management segment revenue components independently, and on an annual basis, the amount paid as a percentage of total asset management segment revenue will vary and will, for example, likely be higher in a period with relatively higher realized carried interest and lower in a period with relatively lower realized carried interest. We decide whether to pay a discretionary cash bonus and determine the percentage of applicable revenue components to pay compensation only upon the occurrence of the realization event. There is no contractual or other binding obligation that requires us to pay a discretionary cash bonus to the asset management employees, except in limited circumstances.
Carry Pool Allocation
With respect to our funds that provide for carried interest, we allocate a portion of the realized and unrealized carried interest that we earn to Associates Holdings, which we refer to as the carry pool, from which our asset management employees and certain other carry pool participants are eligible to receive a carried interest allocation. The allocation is determined based upon a fixed arrangement between Associates Holdings and us, and we do not exercise discretion on whether to make an allocation to the carry pool upon a realization event. We refer to the portion of carried interest that we allocate to the carry pool as the carry pool percentage.
As of December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage was fixed at 40%, 43%, or 65% by investment fund, depending on the fund’s vintage. For funds that closed after December 31, 2020 but before December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage was fixed at 65%. For funds that closed after June 30, 2017 but before December 31, 2020, the carry pool percentage was fixed at 43%, and the carry pool percentage was fixed at 40% for older funds that contributed to KKR's carry pool. Effective January 2, 2024, KKR is authorized to apply a carry pool percentage in excess