operations than traditional aggregated presentations and that reporting Global Atlantic’s insurance operations separately is appropriate given, among other factors, the relative significance of Global Atlantic’s policy liabilities, which are not obligations of KKR (other than the insurance companies that issued them). If a traditional aggregate presentation were to be used, KKR would expect to eliminate or combine several identical or similar captions, which would condense the presentations, but would also reduce the level of information presented. KKR also believes that using a traditional aggregate presentation would result in no new line items compared to the two-tier presentation included in the financial statements in this report.
In the ordinary course of business, KKR’s Asset Management, Strategic Holdings, and Insurance businesses enter into transactions with each other, which may include transactions pursuant to their investment management agreements and financing arrangements. The borrowings from these financing arrangements are non-recourse to KKR beyond the assets pledged to support such borrowings. All the investment management and financing arrangements amongst KKR segments are eliminated in consolidation.
All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.
151
Table of
Contents
Consolidation
KKR consolidates all entities that it controls either through a majority voting interest or as the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities (“VIEs”). The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of consolidation principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment. For a detailed description of our accounting policy on consolidation, see Note 2 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in our financial statements included in this report.
As part of its consolidation procedures, KKR evaluates: (1) whether it holds a variable interest in an entity, (2) whether the entity is a VIE, and (3) whether the KKR’s involvement would make it the primary beneficiary. The determination that KKR holds a controlling financial interest in an investment vehicle significantly changes the presentation of our consolidated financial statements.
The assessment of whether we consolidate an investment vehicle we manage requires the application of significant judgment. These judgments are applied both at the time we become involved with an investment vehicle and on an ongoing basis and include, but are not limited to:
•
Determining whether our management fees, carried interests, or incentive fees represent variable interests - We make judgments as to whether the fees we earn are commensurate with the level of effort required for those fees and at market rates. In making this judgment, we consider, among other things, the extent of third party investment in the entity and the terms of any other interests we