of the purchase price paid by KKR to acquire Global Atlantic in 2021. As such, this transaction resulted in a decrease in KKR & Co. Inc. Stockholders’ Equity.
In this report, references to "KKR," refer to KKR & Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries, including The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC ("TGAFG" and, together with its insurance companies and other subsidiaries, "Global Atlantic"), unless the context requires otherwise, especially in sections where "KKR" is intended to refer to the asset management and strategic holdings businesses only. References in these financial statements to "principals" are to KKR's current and former employees who held interests in KKR's business through KKR Holdings prior to the Reorganization Mergers (as defined below). References to our "funds," "vehicles" or "investment vehicles" refer to a wide array of investment funds, vehicles, and accounts that are advised, managed or sponsored by one or more subsidiaries of KKR, including collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs") and business development companies (each, a "BDC"), unless the context requires otherwise.
Reorganization Agreement
On October 8, 2021, KKR entered into a Reorganization Agreement (the "Reorganization Agreement") with KKR Holdings L.P. ("KKR Holdings"), KKR Management LLP (which holds the sole outstanding share of Series I preferred stock), Associates Holdings, and the other parties thereto. Pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, the parties agreed to undertake a series of integrated transactions to effect a number of transformative structural and governance changes, some of which were completed on May 31, 2022, and other changes to be completed in the future. On May 31, 2022, KKR completed the merger transactions ("Reorganization Mergers") contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement pursuant to which KKR acquired KKR Holdings (which changed its name to KKR Group Holdings L.P.) and all of the KKR Group Partnership Units held by it.
17
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, the following transactions will occur in the future on the Sunset Date (as defined below):
i.
the control of KKR & Co. Inc. by KKR Management LLP and the Series I Preferred Stock held by it will be eliminated,
ii.
the voting rights for all common stock of KKR & Co. Inc., including with respect to the election of directors, will be established on a
one
vote per share basis, and
iii.
KKR will acquire control of Associates Holdings, the entity providing for the allocation of carry proceeds to KKR employees, also known as the carry pool.
The “Sunset Date” will be the earlier of (i) December 31, 2026 and (ii) the
six-month
anniversary of the first date on which the death or permanent disability of both Mr. Henry Kravis and Mr. George Roberts (collectively, "Co-Founders") has occurred (or any earlier date consented to by KKR Management LLP in its sole discretion). In addition, KKR Management LLP agreed not to transfer its ownership of the sole share of Series I