general partner during the term of the fund exceed the amount to which the general partner was ultimately entitled, and a clawback obligation would be recorded. For funds that are consolidated, this clawback obligation, if any, is reflected as an increase in noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of financial condition. For funds that are not consolidated, this clawback obligation, if any, is reflected as a reduction of KKR's investment balance as this is where carried interest is initially recorded.
Indemnifications and Other Guarantees
KKR may incur contingent liabilities for claims that may be made against it in the future. KKR enters into contracts that contain a variety of representations, warranties and covenants, including indemnifications. KKR (including KFN) and certain of KKR's investment funds have provided and provide certain credit support, such as indemnities and guarantees, relating to a variety of matters, including non-recourse carve-out guarantees for fraud, willful misconduct and other wrongful acts in connection with the financing of (i) certain real estate investments that we have made, including KKR's corporate real estate, and (ii) certain investment vehicles that KKR manages or sponsors.
KKR also has provided, and provides, credit support in connection with its businesses, including:
i.
to certain of its subsidiaries' obligations in connection with a limited number of investment vehicles that KKR manages,
ii.
in connection with repayment and funding obligations to third-party lenders on behalf of certain employees, excluding its executive officers, in connection with their personal investments in KKR investment funds and a levered multi-asset investment vehicle,
iii.
to one of its hedge fund partnerships,
iv.
through a contingent guarantee of a subsidiary’s loan repayment obligations, which does not become effective unless and until its loan becomes accelerated due to certain specified events of default involving the investment vehicles managed by KJRM,
v.
the obligations of our subsidiaries' funding obligations to our investment vehicles, and
vi.
certain of our investment vehicles to fund or otherwise be liable for a portion of their investment losses and/or to provide them with liquidity upon certain termination events.
In addition, KKR has agreed to tender to one of its consolidated investment vehicles up to a fixed number of shares that KKR owns in it if the net asset value of such shares is less than an agreed upon value on June 1, 2027.
KKR may also become liable for certain fees payable to sellers of businesses or assets if a transaction does not close, subject to certain conditions, if any, specified in the acquisition agreements for such businesses or assets.
92
Table of Contents
In addition, the Global Atlantic business was formerly owned by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "Goldman Sachs"). In connection with the separation of Global Atlantic from Goldman Sachs in