and FPAUM presented for each line in the table includes certain investments from non-primary investment strategies, which are permitted by their investment mandates, for purposes of presenting the fees and other terms for such funds, investment vehicles, and accounts.
(1)
Includes credit investments we manage for our Global Atlantic insurance companies. This capital is perpetual in nature, not subject to an incentive fee or carried interest, and does not require a preferred return.
(2)
Certain funds and CLOs are subject to a performance fee in which the manager or general partner of the funds share up to 20% of the net profits earned by investors in excess of performance hurdles (generally tied to a benchmark or index) and subject to a provision requiring the funds and investment vehicles to regain prior losses before any performance fee is earned.
(3)
Duration of capital is measured from inception. Inception dates for CLOs were between 2013 and 2025 and for separately managed accounts and funds investing in alternative credit strategies from 2009 through 2025.
(4)
Our alternative credit funds generally have investment periods of two to five years and our newer alternative credit funds generally earn management fees on invested capital throughout their lifecycle.
(5)
Lower fees on uninvested capital in certain investment vehicles.
(6)
Hedge Funds represent KKR's pro rata portion of AUM and FPAUM of our hedge fund partnerships.
(7)
Represents FSK, KKR FS Income Trust, and KKR FS Income Trust Select. We report all of the assets under management of these BDCs in our AUM and FPAUM.
106
Table of
Contents
Capital Markets
Our Capital Markets business line is comprised of our global capital markets business, which serves our firm, including our insurance business, our portfolio companies, and third-party clients by developing and implementing both traditional and non-traditional capital solutions for investments or companies seeking financing. These services include arranging debt and equity financing, placing and underwriting securities offerings, and providing other types of capital markets services that result in the firm receiving fees, including underwriting, placement, transaction and syndication fees, commissions, underwriting discounts, interest payments and other compensation, which may be payable in cash or securities, in respect of the activities described above. Third-party clients of our capital markets business include multi-national corporations, public and private companies, financial sponsors, mutual funds, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, and hedge funds globally. Our capital markets business provides these clients with differentiated access to capital through our distribution platform.
Our capital markets business underwrites credit facilities and arranges loan syndications and participations. When we are sole or lead arrangers of a credit facility, we may advance amounts to the borrower on behalf of other lenders, subject to