price-based vesting condition but have not satisfied their service-based vesting condition. Vesting of these equity awards dilute equity holders of KKR Group Partnership, including KKR & Co. Inc. and holders of exchangeable securities pro rata in accordance with their respective ownership interests in KKR Group Partnership.
(3)
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the impact of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is excluded from the calculation of Diluted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR & Co. Inc. Per Share of Common Stock because inclusion would be anti-dilutive having the effect of decreasing the loss per share of common stock.
62
Table of Contents
Exchangeable Securities
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, vested restricted holdings units (as defined in Note 19 "Equity Based Compensation") have been excluded from the calculation of Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR & Co. Inc. Per Share of Common Stock - Diluted since the exchange of these units would not dilute KKR & Co. Inc.’s ownership interests in KKR Group Partnership. See Note 1 "Organization" in our financial statements.
Market Condition Awards
For the three months ended March 31, 2024,
33.0
million of unvested equity awards that are subject to market price based and service-based vesting conditions were excluded from the calculation of Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR & Co. Inc. Per Share of Common Stock - Diluted since the market price based vesting condition was not satisfied. See Note 19 "Equity Based Compensation" in our financial statements.
63
Table of Contents
14.
OTHER ASSETS AND ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES
Other Assets consist of the following:
(1)
Primarily includes amounts due from third parties for investments sold for which cash settlement has not occurred.
(2)
Represents amounts held at clearing brokers resulting from securities transactions.
(3)
Net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $
342.0
million and $
326.0
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense of $
18.6
million and $
17.9
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively, are included in General, Administrative and Other in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, KKR’s fixed assets are predominantly located in the United States.
(4)
Represents derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange risk arising from certain foreign currency denominated investments. Such instruments are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. See Note 4 "Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings" in our financial statements for the net changes in fair value associated with these instruments.
(5)
As of March 31, 2025, the carrying value of goodwill is recorded and