Incentive Plan and are currently held by certain current and former Global Atlantic employees. Equity awards granted generally consist of (i) restricted stock units that convert into shares of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc. (or cash equivalent) upon vesting and (ii) restricted holdings units that are exchangeable into shares of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc. upon vesting and certain other conditions, including those described below.
Service-Vesting Awards
KKR grants restricted stock units and restricted holdings units that are subject to service-based vesting, typically over a
three
to
five-year
period from the date of grant (referred to hereafter as "Service-Vesting Awards"). In certain cases, these Service-Vesting Awards may have a percentage of the award that vests immediately upon grant, and certain Service-Vesting Awards may have vesting periods longer than
five years
. Additionally, some but not all Service-Vesting Awards are subject to transfer restrictions and/or minimum retained ownership requirements. Generally, the transfer restriction period, if applicable, lasts for (i)
one year
with respect to one-half of the awards vesting on any vesting date and (ii)
two years
with respect to the other one-half of the awards vesting on such vesting date. While providing services to KKR, some but not all of these awards are also subject to minimum retained ownership rules requiring the award recipient to continuously hold shares of common stock equivalents equal to at least
15
% of their cumulatively vested awards that have or had the minimum retained ownership requirement. Holders of the Service-Vesting Awards do not participate in dividends until such awards have met their vesting requirements.
Expense associated with the vesting of these Service-Vesting Awards is based on the closing price of KKR & Co. Inc. common stock on the date of grant, discounted for the lack of participation rights in the expected dividends on unvested equity awards. Expense is recognized on a straight line basis over the life of the award and assumes a forfeiture rate of up to
7
% annually based upon expected turnover by class of recipient.
As of March 31, 2025, there was approximately $
801
million of total estimated unrecognized expense related to unvested Service-Vesting Awards, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining requisite service period of
2.2
years.
78
Table of Contents
A summary of the status of unvested Service-Vesting Awards from January 1, 2025 through March 31, 2025 is presented below:
(1)
Unvested Service-Vesting Awards include restricted stock units and restricted holdings units granted to certain current and former Global Atlantic employees.
Market Condition Awards
KKR also grants restricted stock units and restricted holdings units that are subject to both a service-based vesting condition and a market price based vesting condition (referred to hereafter as "Market Condition Awards"). The following is a discussion of the