income before taxes, which was primarily due to a change in the activation assumption related to certain benefit riders on fixed-indexed annuities.
Amortization of Policy Acquisition Costs
Amortization of policy acquisition costs increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to the remeasurement of the policy liabilities associated with certain cost-of-reinsurance asset intangibles during the three months ended March 31, 2024, resulting in an increase in the cost-of-reinsurance asset and a decrease in amortization.
Interest Expense
Interest expense increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in total debt outstanding.
Insurance Expenses
Insurance expenses decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in commission expenses as a result of the timing of new business flow in the institutional markets channel.
General, Administrative, and Other
General, administrative and other decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to decreased equity-based compensation expenses, partially offset by increased technology costs.
125
Table of
Contents
Other Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited)
Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
Income tax expense decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024 primarily driven by the lower level of income before taxes attributable to common stockholders. For a discussion of factors that impacted KKR's tax provision, see Note 18 "Income Taxes" in our financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests for the three months ended March 31, 2025 relates primarily to net income (loss) attributable to (i) third-party limited partner interests in consolidated investment funds and (ii) exchangeable securities representing ownership interests in KKR Group Partnership until they are exchanged for common stock of KKR & Co. Inc.
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily related to a higher level of net gains from investment activities at our consolidated investment funds and other investment vehicles.
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR & Co. Inc.
Net income (loss) attributable to KKR & Co. Inc. for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was a net loss as compared to net income for the three months ended March 31, 2024 primary due to the higher level of insurance investment-related losses in the current period, which were partially offset by a higher level of asset management