assessed for impairment at the reporting unit. As of March 31, 2025, there are approximately $(
62.4
) million of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments included in AOCI related to the goodwill recorded as result of the acquisition of KJRM.
(6)
As of March 31, 2025, there are approximately $(
212.7
) million of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments included in AOCI related to the intangible assets recorded as result of the acquisition of KJRM.
(7)
For Asset Management, non-cancelable operating leases consist of leases for office space in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia. KKR is the lessee under the terms of the operating leases. The operating lease cost was $
27.1
million and $
16.6
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For Insurance, non-cancelable operating leases consist of leases for office space and land in the U.S. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the operating lease cost was $
5.1
million and $
5.5
million, respectively.
(8)
The definite life intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the useful life of the assets which is an average of
11.7
years. The indefinite life intangible assets are not subject to amortization. The amortization expense of definite life intangible assets was $
4.7
million and $
4.4
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
64
Table of Contents
Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities consist of the following:
(1)
Represents the amount of carried interest payable to current and former KKR employees arising from KKR's investment funds and co-investment vehicles that provide for carried interest.
(2)
Primarily includes amounts owed to third parties for investment purchases for which cash settlement has not occurred.
(3)
Represents the obligations of KKR to deliver a specified security at a future point in time. Such securities are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. See Note 4 "Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings" in our financial statements for the net changes in fair value associated with these instruments.
(4)
Represents derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange risk arising from certain foreign currency denominated investments. Such instruments are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. See Note 4 "Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings" in our financial statements for the net changes in fair value associated with these instruments.
(5)
For Asset Management, operating leases for office space have remaining lease terms that range from approximately
1
year to
16
years, some of which include options