and 9% in Infrastructure.  We currently expect our Strategic Holdings segment to generate income from the receipt of dividends from our ownership stakes in these businesses, and if any ownership stake were to be sold, we would recognize realized investment income from such sale.
The fees and carried interest paid by the third party investors in our core private equity funds continues to be reported in our Asset Management segment and are not reported in our Strategic Holdings segment. Our Asset Management segment charges a quarterly management fee based on invested capital in our Strategic Holdings segment. Additionally, our Asset Management segment charges a performance fee from the sale of our interests in the companies included in our Strategic Holdings segment. The management and performance fees are charged in order to represent the cost of providing advisory services by our Asset Management segment rather than determining the allocable costs borne by our Asset Management segment to support our Strategic Holdings segment.
As previously disclosed in the Annual Report, KKR had arrangements in place to increase its ownership interest in certain core private equity businesses within its Strategic Holdings segment. The acquisition of these stakes, which were in 1-800 Contacts Inc., USI, Inc., and Heartland Dental, LLC, were all completed prior to the filing of this report.
Business Environment
Our asset management, insurance, and strategic holdings segments are affected by the various market and economic conditions of the various countries and regions in which we operate. Market and economic conditions are expected to continue to have a substantial impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and our business in various ways that we are unable to control, including our ability to make new investments, the valuations of the investments we manage, the amount of investment proceeds we realize when we exit our investments, the timing for such realization activity, our ability to fundraise or to sell our various investment and insurance products and services, and the level of our capital markets activities, as discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report.
The United States, during the first quarter of 2025, experienced a contraction in economic growth while also continuing to experience persistent inflation in excess of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board’s target rate. The U.S. Federal Reserve Board decided to maintain the target range unchanged at 4.25% to 4.50% for the federal funds rate noting inflation, including potential increases in inflation relating to trade and tariff policies, as a consideration in deciding to leave the target range unchanged.
GDP growth in the Eurozone during the first quarter of 2025 was moderately positive. In Europe during the first quarter 2025, the European Central Bank lowered rates for the sixth time since June 2024, lowering the deposit rate to 2.5% as Eurozone inflation slowed as compared