about our Capital Markets business line's risks, see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Our capital markets activities expose us to material risks" in our Annual report.
Tax Receivable Agreement
On May 30, 2022, KKR terminated the tax receivable agreement with KKR Holdings other than with respect to exchanges of KKR Holdings Units completed prior to such date. As of March 31, 2025, an undiscounted payable of $354.0 million has been recorded in due to affiliates in the financial statements representing management's best estimate of the amounts currently expected to be owed for certain exchanges of KKR Holdings Units that took place prior to the termination of the tax receivable agreement. As of March 31, 2025, $129.4 million of cumulative cash payments have been made under the tax receivable agreement since inception.
149
Table of
Contents
Dividends and Stock Repurchases
A dividend of $0.185 per share of our common stock has been declared and will be paid on May 27, 2025 to holders of record of our common stock as of the close of business on May 12, 2025.
A dividend of $0.7292 per share of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock has been declared and set aside for payment on June 1, 2025 to holders of record of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as of the close of business on May 15, 2025.
When KKR & Co. Inc. receives distributions from KKR Group Partnership, holders of exchangeable securities receive their pro rata share of such distributions from KKR Group Partnership.
The declaration and payment of dividends to our common or preferred stockholders will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, and our dividend policy may be changed at any time. We announced on February 4, 2025 that our current dividend policy will be to pay dividends to holders of our common stock in an annual aggregate amount of $0.74 per share (or a quarterly dividend of $0.185 per share) beginning with the dividend announced with the results of the quarter ended March 31, 2025. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors based on a number of factors, including KKR’s future financial performance and other considerations that the Board of Directors deems relevant, and compliance with the terms of KKR & Co. Inc.'s certificate of incorporation and applicable law. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, any dividends we pay (including dividends on our preferred stock) generally will be treated as qualified dividend income for U.S. individual stockholders to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance that future dividends will be made as intended or at all or that any particular dividend policy for our common stock or our preferred stock will be maintained. Furthermore, the declaration and payment of distributions by KKR Group Partnership and our other subsidiaries may also be subject to legal,