consolidated energy funds. Partially offsetting these realized losses were realized gains at certain consolidated leveraged credit funds and realized gains on certain foreign exchange forward contracts.
Unrealized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities
For the three months ended March 31, 2024, net unrealized gains were driven primarily by (i) mark-to-market gains primarily relating to PO Söderberg & Partner Holding AB, 1-800 Contacts, Inc. (health care sector) and foreign exchange forward contracts, and (ii) the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses relating to the realization activity described above. These unrealized gains were partially offset by mark-to-market losses primarily relating to BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., Accell Group N.V. (consumer products sector), and certain real estate and credit consolidated funds.
For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's realized investment income, see "—Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." For additional information about net gains (losses) from investment activities, see Note 4 "Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings" in our financial statements.
121
Table of
Contents
Dividend Income
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, dividend income was primarily from (i) our investments in Atlantic Aviation FBO Inc. (infrastructure: transportation sector) and Grupo Alvic FR Mobiliario (retail sector) both held in certain consolidated funds and (ii) various investments in certain of our consolidated opportunistic real estate equity funds. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, dividend income was primarily from (i) our investments in Exact Holding B.V. (technology sector) and FiberCop S.p.A. (infrastructure: telecommunications infrastructure sector) held through our consolidated core vehicles and (ii) certain of our consolidated opportunistic real estate equity funds.
For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's dividend income, see "—Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results."
Interest Income
The decrease in interest income during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024 was primarily due to the impact of lower interest rates during the period on floating rate credit investments held in consolidated CLOs and certain of our consolidated private credit funds. The decrease was partially offset by the impact of closing CLOs that are consolidated subsequent to March 31, 2024. For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's interest income, see "—Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results."
Interest Expense
The decrease in interest expense during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024 was primarily due to the impact of lower interest rates during the period on floating rate debt obligations held in consolidated CLOs and at certain consolidated funds and other investment vehicles.