annuities, and preneed life insurance products primarily through a network of banks, broker-dealers, and independent marketing organizations. Global Atlantic provides its institutional clients customized reinsurance solutions, including block, flow and pension risk transfer ("PRT") transactions, as well as funding agreements. Global Atlantic’s assets generally increase when individual market sales and reinsurance transactions exceed run-off of in-force policies. Global Atlantic primarily generates income by earning a spread on assets under management, as the difference between its net investment income and the cost of policyholder benefits. Global Atlantic also earns fees paid by policyholders on certain types of contracts and fees paid by third-party investors, which are reported in the asset management segment. As of March 31, 2025, Global Atlantic served over three and a half million policyholders.
Global Atlantic also sponsors co-investment vehicles (the "sponsored reinsurance vehicles") to participate alongside Global Atlantic in certain block, flow, PRT and other reinsurance transactions that Global Atlantic enters into during the vehicles’ respective investment periods. The sponsored reinsurance vehicles provide third-party capital to support reinsurance transactions and generally are not consolidated into our financial statements. As of March 31, 2025, third parties have committed capital to the sponsored reinsurance vehicles of approximately $7.2 billion, of which $3.1 billion has been deployed.
In addition to the overview of our insurance business operated by Global Atlantic provided in this report, please also refer to our Annual Report. The following table represents Global Atlantic’s new business volumes by business and product for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
_________________
109
Table of
Contents
(1)
New business volumes in individual markets are referred to as sales. In Global Atlantic's individual market channel, sales of annuities include all money paid into new and existing contracts. Individual market channel sales of life insurance products are based on commissionable premium and individual market channel sales for preneed life are based on the face amount of insurance. Life insurance product sales do not include the recurring premiums that policyholders may pay over time.
(2)
Funding agreements new business volumes represent funding agreements issued in connection with the funding agreement backed note ("FABN") program and Federal Home Loan Banks (“FHLB”) funding agreement programs.
(3)
Block reinsurance transactions may be episodic and volumes may fluctuate. Similarly, funding agreements issued in the FABN program are subject to capital markets conditions and volumes may fluctuate. Flow and pension risk transfer new business volumes typically occur throughout the year.
(4)
New business volumes from Global Atlantic’s institutional market channel are based on the assets assumed, net of any ceding