primarily to secondary guarantees on certain interest-sensitive life products, and preneed insurance.
The following reflects the amount of gross assessments recognized for the additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits in the consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
The following reflects the weighted average duration and weighted average interest rate for the additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
74
Table of Contents
Market Risk Benefits
The following table presents the balances of, and changes in, market risk benefits:
The following reflects the reconciliation of the market risk benefits reflected in the preceding table to the amounts reported in an asset and liability position, respectively, in the consolidated statements of financial condition as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
Significant Inputs, Judgments, and Assumptions Used in Measuring Market Risk Benefits
Significant policyholder behavior and other assumption inputs to the calculation of the market risk benefits include interest rates, instrument-specific credit risk, mortality rates, surrender rates, and utilization rates. Global Atlantic reviews its assumptions at least annually, and more frequently if necessary. Accordingly, as part of the review conducted during the three months ended March 31, 2025, assumptions for fixed-indexed annuities activations were updated, which resulted in a $
43.9
million decrease to net income before taxes.
75
Table of Contents
Separate Account Liabilities
Separate account assets and liabilities consist of investment accounts established and maintained by Global Atlantic for certain variable annuity and interest-sensitive life insurance contracts. Some of these contracts include minimum guarantees such as GMDBs and GMWBs that guarantee a minimum payment to the policyholder.
The assets that support these variable annuity and interest-sensitive life insurance contracts are measured at fair value and are reported as separate account assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition. An equivalent amount is reported as separate account liabilities. Market risk benefit assets and liabilities for minimum guarantees are valued and presented separately from separate account assets and separate account liabilities. For more information on market risk benefits see “—Market risk benefits” in this footnote. Policy charges assessed against the policyholders for mortality, administration and other services are included in “Policy fees” in the consolidated statements of operations.
The following table presents the balances of and changes in separate account liabilities:
(1)
Cash surrender value attributed to the separate accounts does not reflect the impact of surrender charges; surrender charges are attributed to policyholder account balances recorded in the general account.
The following