institutional market and individual market channels sales growth in the current and preceding quarters, and (ii) higher average portfolio yields.
Net Investment-Related Gains (Losses)
The components of net investment-related gains (losses) were as follows:
Net Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments
The decrease in the fair value of equity index options was primarily driven by the performance of the underlying indices. Global Atlantic purchases equity index options to hedge the market risk of embedded derivatives in indexed universal life and fixed-indexed annuity products (the change in which is accounted for in net policy benefits and claims). The majority of Global Atlantic's equity index options are based on the S&P 500 Index, which decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2025, and increased during the three months ended March 31, 2024.
123
Table of
Contents
The decrease in the fair value of embedded derivatives on funds withheld at interest payable for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was primarily driven by the change in fair value of the underlying investments in the funds withheld at interest payable portfolio, which is primarily comprised of fixed maturity securities (designated as trading for accounting purposes), mortgage and other loan receivables, and real asset investments. The underlying investments in the funds withheld at interest payable portfolio increased in value during the three months ended March 31, 2025, and decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in market interest rates during the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to an increase in market interest rates during the three months ended March 31, 2024.
The decrease in the fair value of foreign exchange and other derivative contracts was primarily driven by a combination of a decrease due to depreciation of the U.S. dollar (primarily against the euro) during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and an increase in the notional amount of foreign exchange derivatives.
The increase in the fair value of interest rate contracts was primarily driven by a decrease in market interest rates during the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to an increase in market interest rates during the three months ended March 31, 2024, resulting in a gain on interest rate contracts for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to a loss on interest rate contracts for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Net Other Investment Gains (Losses)
The components of net other investment gains (losses) were as follows:
The increase in net other investment losses for the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, was primarily due to (i) an increase in realized losses on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, and (ii) an increase in realized losses on the funds withheld at interest receivable portfolio.
Offsetting these increases in net other investment losses were