business, financial performance, operating results and valuations.
118
Table of
Contents
Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings
Revenues
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, revenues consisted of the following:
Fees and Other
Total Fees and Other for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024 primarily as a result of the increase in transaction fees and management fees, partially offset by an increase in fee credits.
For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected our transaction fees during the period, see "—Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results."
119
Table of
Contents
The increase in management fees was primarily attributable to (i) management fees commencing at Global Infrastructure Investors V in the third quarter of 2024 and (ii) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months by our private equity and infrastructure K-Series vehicles. The increase was partially offset by (i) a lower level of management fees earned from Ascendant (our U.S. middle market traditional private equity strategy fund) due to management fees earned on new capital raised in the first quarter of 2024 that were retroactive to the start of the fund's investment period and no such retroactive fees were earned in the current period, (ii) a decrease in management fees earned from Global Infrastructure Investors IV as a result of entering its post-investment period in the third quarter of 2024, and now pays fees based on invested capital rather than committed capital, and (iii) a lower level of management fees from Asian Fund III due to a step-down in the management fee rate and a decrease in invested capital subsequent to the first quarter of 2024.
Management fees due from consolidated investment funds and other investment vehicles are eliminated upon consolidation under GAAP. However, because these amounts are funded by, and earned from, noncontrolling interests, upon consolidation under GAAP, KKR's allocated share of the net income from the consolidated investment funds and other investment vehicles is increased by the amount of fees that are eliminated. Accordingly, net income (loss) attributable to KKR would be unchanged if such investment funds and other investment vehicles were not consolidated. For a more detailed discussion on the factors that affect our management fees during the period, see "—Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results."
Fee credits increased compared to the prior period as a result of a higher level of transaction fees in our Private Equity and Real Assets business lines in the current period. Fee credits owed to consolidated investment funds and other investment vehicles are eliminated upon consolidation under GAAP. However, because these amounts are owed to noncontrolling interests, upon consolidation under GAAP, KKR's allocated share of