specific developments, market valuations of comparable companies, and other factors. KKR begins its procedures to determine the fair values of its Level III assets approximately one month prior to the end of a reporting period, and KKR follows additional procedures to ensure that its determinations of fair value for its Level III assets are appropriate as of the relevant reporting date. These preliminary valuations are reviewed by an independent valuation firm engaged by KKR to perform certain procedures in order to assess the reasonableness of KKR's valuations annually for all Level III private equity and real asset investments and quarterly for investments other than certain investments, which have values less than preset value thresholds and which in the aggregate comprise less than 1% of the total value of KKR's Level III private equity and real asset investments. The valuations of certain real asset investments are determined solely by independent valuation firms without the preparation of preliminary valuations by our investment professionals, and instead such independent valuation firms rely on valuation information available to it as a broker or valuation firm. For credit investments, an independent valuation firm is generally engaged by KKR to assist with the valuations of most investments classified as Level III. The valuation firm either provides a value, provides a valuation range from which KKR's investment professionals select a point in the range to determine the valuation, or performs certain procedures in order to assess the reasonableness of KKR's valuations. After reflecting any input from the independent valuation firm, the valuation proposals are submitted for review and approval by KKR's valuation committees. As of March 31, 2025, less than 5% of the total value of our Level III credit investments were not valued with the engagement of an independent valuation firm.
153
Table of
Contents
For Level III investments in Asset Management and Strategic Holdings, KKR has a Global Valuation Committee that is responsible for coordinating and implementing the firm's valuation process to ensure consistency in the application of valuation principles across portfolio investments and between periods. The Global Valuation Committee is assisted by the asset class-specific valuation committees that exist for private equity (including core equity investments and certain impact investments), growth equity (including certain impact investments), real estate, energy, infrastructure, and credit. The asset class-specific valuation committees are responsible for the review and approval of all preliminary Level III valuations in their respective asset classes on a quarterly basis. The members of these valuation committees are comprised of investment professionals, including the heads of each respective strategy, and professionals from business operations functions such as legal, compliance, and finance, who are not primarily responsible for the