looking Statements" and "Business Environment" in this report and our Annual Report and "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report, and our other filings with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report are hereafter referred to as the "financial statements." Additionally, the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of financial condition"; the condensed consolidated statements of operations are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of operations"; the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss)"; the condensed consolidated statements of changes in equity are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of changes in equity"; and the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of cash flows."
Overview
We are a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. We aim to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in our portfolio companies and communities. We sponsor funds that invest in private equity, credit, and real assets and have strategic partners that manage hedge funds. Our insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life, and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic.
Our asset management business offers a broad range of investment management services to fund investors around the world. Throughout our history, we have consistently been a leader in the private equity industry, having completed more than 780 private equity investments in portfolio companies with a total transaction value in excess of $800 billion as of March 31, 2025. Since the inception of our firm in 1976, we have expanded our investment strategies and product offerings from traditional private equity to areas such as leveraged credit, alternative credit, infrastructure, energy, real estate, growth equity (including technology, health care, and impact strategies), and core private equity. We also provide capital markets services for our firm, our portfolio companies, and third parties. Our balance sheet provides a significant source of capital for the growth and expansion of our business, which has allowed us to further align our interests with those of our investment vehicle investors. Building on these efforts and leveraging our industry expertise and intellectual capital have allowed us to capitalize on a broader range of the opportunities we source.
Our insurance business is operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary Global Atlantic, which is a leading retirement