As of the date of filing this report, management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcomes of the matters pending against KKR will have a material adverse effect upon its financial statements. However, given the potentially large and/or indeterminate relief sought or that may be sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigations, arbitrations, claims, and governmental or regulatory examinations, inquiries, investigations and proceedings, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could have a material adverse effect on KKR's financial results in any future period. In addition, there can be no assurance that material losses will not be incurred from claims that have not yet been asserted or those where potential losses have not yet been determined to be probable or possible and reasonably estimable.
Other Financing Arrangements
Global Atlantic has financing arrangements with unaffiliated third parties to support the reserves of its affiliated special purpose reinsurers. Total fees associated with these financing arrangements were $
4.5
million and $
5.1
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and are included in insurance expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the total capacity of the financing arrangements with third parties was $
2.4
billion.
Other than the matters disclosed above, there were no outstanding or unpaid balances from the financing arrangements with unaffiliated third parties as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
25.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
A dividend of $
0.185
per share of common stock of KKR & Co. Inc. has been declared and was announced on May 1, 2025. This dividend will be paid on May 27, 2025 to common stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 12, 2025.
A dividend of $
0.7292
per share of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock has been declared and was announced on May 1, 2025 and set aside for payment. This dividend will be paid on June 1, 2025 to holders of record of Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as of the close of business on May 15, 2025.
96
Table of
Contents
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of KKR & Co. Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, and the related notes included elsewhere in this report and our Annual Report, including the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained therein. In addition, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described under "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-