commission, and are gross of any retrocessions to investment vehicles that participate in qualifying reinsurance transactions sourced by Global Atlantic and to other third party reinsurers.
The table below represents a breakdown of Global Atlantic’s policy liabilities by business and product type as of March 31, 2025, separated by reserves originated through its individual and institutional markets.
(1)
As of March 31, 2025, 82% of the account value in Global Atlantic's general account associated with its fixed-rate and fixed-indexed annuity products, and 40% of account value in its general account associated with universal life products was protected by surrender charges.
(2)
"Other life products” includes universal life, term and whole life insurance products.
(3)
"Funding agreements” includes funding agreements associated with FHLB borrowings and under Global Atlantic's FABN program.
(4)
Institutional market reserves are sourced using customized reinsurance solutions such as block, flow and PRT. As of March 31, 2025, reserves sourced through block, flow and PRT transactions were $62.4 billion, $32.6 billion and $6.3 billion, respectively.
(5)
“Other” includes long-term care insurance where Global Atlantic has ceded mortality and morbidity risk to a third-party reinsurance company.
110
Table of
Contents
Strategic Holdings
Our Strategic Holdings segment is currently comprised of the firm’s ownership in the businesses we acquired through our participation in our core private equity strategy. In our core private equity strategy, our objective is to acquire and manage controlling interests in operating companies, which we intend to hold over a longer period of time and that we believe have a lower anticipated risk profile than our investments in businesses acquired through our traditional private equity strategy. Our core private equity portfolio companies are generally expected to be more stable and typically have lower leverage over our holding period than our traditional private equity portfolio companies. We may acquire in the future other long-term assets in our Strategic Holdings segment that are not part of the core private equity strategy, and our Strategic Holdings segment is not limited to a specific industry or constrained to any investment strategy that we may manage for our investment funds or vehicles.
As of March 31, 2025, our Strategic Holdings segment consisted of our ownership stakes in 18 companies that we acquired through our core private equity strategy. Based on certain information made available to management as of March 31, 2025, approximately 69% of these companies are based in the Americas, 25% in Europe, and 6% in the Asia-Pacific (based on the geographic location of their headquarters). In addition, based on such information, these companies are primarily engaged in the following business sectors: approximately 36% in Business Services, 29% in Consumer, 13% in technology-media-telecommunications (TMT), 13% in Healthcare,