the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan for which equity awards have not yet been granted.
4
Table of Contents
In this report, the term "GAAP" refers to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We disclose certain financial measures in this report that are calculated and presented using methodologies other than in accordance with GAAP, including Adjusted Net Income, Total Asset Management Segment Revenues, Total Segment Earnings, Total Investing Earnings, Total Operating Earnings, FRE, and Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings. We believe that providing these performance measures on a supplemental basis to our GAAP results is helpful to stockholders in assessing the overall performance of KKR's businesses. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for similar financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We caution readers that these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the calculations of other investment managers, and as a result, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, where applicable, are included under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Segment Balance Sheet Measures—Reconciliations to GAAP Measures." This report also uses the terms AUM, FPAUM, and capital invested. You should note that our calculations of these and other operating metrics may differ from the calculations of other investment managers and, as a result, may not be comparable to similar metrics presented by other investment managers. These non-GAAP and operating metrics are defined in the section "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Segment and Non-GAAP Performance Measures—Other Terms and Capital Metrics."
The use of any defined term in this report to mean more than one entity, person, security, or other item collectively is solely for convenience of reference and in no way implies that such entities, persons, securities, or other items are one indistinguishable group. For example, notwithstanding the use of the defined terms "KKR," "we" and "our" in this report to refer to KKR & Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries, each subsidiary of KKR & Co. Inc. is a standalone legal entity that is separate and distinct from KKR & Co. Inc. and any of its other subsidiaries. Any KKR entity (including any Global Atlantic entity) referenced herein is responsible for its own financial, contractual, and legal obligations. Additionally, references to "including" are for the purpose of illustration and shall be read to mean "including without limitation" unless the context explicitly requires otherwise.
5
Table of Contents
PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION
ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
KKR & CO. INC.
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF