operates an insurance business, and KKR operates an asset management business, which manages the operations of the Strategic Holdings segment (see Note 21 "Segment Reporting"), each of which possess distinct characteristics. As a result, KKR developed a two-tiered approach for the financial statements presentation, where Global Atlantic's insurance operations are presented separately from KKR's asset management business. KKR believes that these separate presentations provide a more informative view of the consolidated financial position and results of operations than traditional aggregated presentations and that reporting Global Atlantic’s insurance operations separately is appropriate given, among other factors, the relative significance of Global Atlantic’s policy liabilities, which are only obligations of the insurance companies that issued or assumed them. If a traditional aggregate presentation were to be used, KKR would expect to eliminate or combine several identical or similar captions, which would condense the presentations, but would also reduce the level of information presented. KKR also believes that using a traditional aggregate presentation would result in no new line items compared to the two-tier presentation included in the financial statements in this report.
In the ordinary course of business, KKR’s Asset Management business, Strategic Holdings business and Insurance business enter into transactions with each other, which may include transactions pursuant to their investment management agreements and certain financing arrangements. The borrowings from these financing arrangements are non-recourse to KKR beyond the assets designated to support such borrowings. All of the investment management and financing arrangements amongst KKR segments are eliminated in consolidation.
All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. When the Insurance business makes an investment in an entity consolidated by the Asset Management business, the investment is eliminated from the investment balance in the Insurance tier in the presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
For a detailed discussion about KKR’s significant accounting policies and for further information on accounting updates adopted in the prior year, see Note 2 to the financial statements in the Annual Report. Other than the items listed below, during the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were no significant updates to KKR’s significant accounting policies.
19
Table of Contents
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the recognition and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, investment income (loss) and income taxes during the reporting periods. Such estimates include but are not limited to (i)