to bridge capital selectively for our funds’ investments or finance strategic transactions, although the financial results of an acquired business may be reported in our other business lines.
Our Principal Activities business line also provides the required capital to fund the various commitments of our Capital Markets business line when underwriting or syndicating securities, or when providing term loan commitments for transactions involving our portfolio companies and for third parties. Our Principal Activities business line also holds assets that are utilized to satisfy regulatory requirements for our Capital Markets business line and risk retention requirements for certain investment vehicles.
We also make opportunistic investments through our Principal Activities business line, which include co-investments alongside our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies funds, as well as Principal Activities investments that do not involve our Private Equity, Real Assets, or Credit and Liquid Strategies funds.
We endeavor to use our balance sheet strategically and opportunistically to generate an attractive risk-adjusted return on equity in a manner that is consistent with our fiduciary duties, in compliance with applicable laws, and consistent with our one firm approach.
107
Table of
Contents
The chart below presents the holdings of our Principal Activities business line by asset class as of March 31, 2025, excluding our ownership of businesses reported through our Strategic Holdings segment.
Holdings by Asset Class
(1)
(1)
General partner commitments to our funds are included in the various asset classes shown above. Assets and revenues of other asset managers with which KKR has formed strategic partnerships where KKR does not hold more than 50% ownership interest are not included in our Principal Activities business line but are reported in the financial results of our other business lines.
108
Table of
Contents
Insurance
Our insurance business is operated by Global Atlantic, which operates as a separate business with its existing brands and management team. KKR acquired a majority controlling interest in Global Atlantic on February 1, 2021 and the remainder of Global Atlantic on January 2, 2024. Since the first quarter of 2021, we have presented Global Atlantic's financial results as a separate reportable segment.
Global Atlantic is a leading retirement and life insurance company that provides a broad suite of protection, legacy and savings products to customers and reinsurance solutions to clients across individual and institutional markets. Global Atlantic focuses on target markets that it believes support issuing products that have attractive risk and return characteristics. These markets allow Global Atlantic to leverage its strength in distribution and to deploy shareholder capital opportunistically across various market environments.
Global Atlantic offers individual customers fixed-rate annuities, fixed-indexed