outcome of this petition.
On March 24, 2022, in a separate declaratory judgment action brought by the Commonwealth of Kentucky regarding the enforceability of certain indemnification provisions available to what was then KKR & Co. Inc. (now KKR Group Co. Inc.) and Prisma Capital Partners LP, the Kentucky state court concluded that it has personal jurisdiction over KKR & Co. Inc. in that action, and that the indemnification provisions violated the Kentucky Constitution and were therefore unenforceable. On December 1, 2023, the Kentucky Court of Appeals reversed the trial court’s summary judgment on the issue of personal jurisdiction over KKR & Co. Inc., but affirmed the trial court’s rulings that the indemnification provisions violated the Kentucky Constitution and were unenforceable. On February 5, 2024, the Kentucky Court of Appeals denied the petitions of KKR & Co. Inc. and others for rehearing. On April 8, 2024, KKR & Co. Inc. and other defendants in the declaratory judgment case filed motions with the Supreme Court of Kentucky for discretionary review of the Court of Appeals' December 1, 2023 decision. On August 14, 2024, the Kentucky Supreme Court granted discretionary review in the Kentucky AG’s declaratory judgment case of both personal jurisdiction over KKR & Co. Inc. and the enforceability and constitutionality of the indemnification provisions.
On January 8, 2025, KKR, Messrs. Kravis and Roberts, Prisma Capital Partners L.P., and certain other defendants entered into an agreement with the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Kentucky Public Pensions Authority, County Employees Retirement System and Kentucky Retirement Systems (the “KPPA Entities”) to settle the 2020 AG Action and the 2024 AG Action. If the settlement is approved by the court, the defendants must collectively deposit the settlement recovery of $
227.5
million into an agreed escrow account, minus a dollar-for-dollar credit in the amount of the remaining funds and assets held in the Daniel Boone Fund reserve which is controlled by defendant Prisma Capital Partners L.P.; currently the Daniel Boone Fund reserve totals approximately $
145
million.  If the following conditions are met, the escrow account will be terminated, the Daniel Boone Fund reserve will be delivered to the KPPA Entities, and all claims in connection with the investments and related matters against KKR, Messrs. Kravis and Roberts, Prisma Capital Partners L.P., and the other defendants that are party to the settlement agreement will be dismissed: (1) the approval of the settlement becomes final and non-appealable, and (2) either (i) there is a final ruling that all claims currently pending against the defendants in the Second Tier 3 Action are dismissed with prejudice and the dismissal is final and non-appealable or (ii) there is a final ruling that the Tier 3 Plaintiffs do not have standing or otherwise lack legal authority to continue pursuing claims against the defendants or their related parties for collective,