of the $6.0 billion it paid in response to the IRS invoices issued in September 2024 and the related accrued interest receivable of $171 million as of March 28, 2025. Additionally, the Company would likely be subject to significant additional liabilities for subsequent years, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
The Company calculated the potential impact of applying the Tax Court Methodology to reallocate income from foreign licensees potentially covered within the scope of the Opinions for the 2010 through 2024 tax years, assuming such methodology were to be ultimately upheld by the courts, and the IRS were to decide to apply that methodology to subsequent years, with consent of the federal courts. This impact would include taxes and interest accrued through December 31, 2024. The calculations incorporated the estimated impact of correlative adjustments to the previously accrued transition tax payable under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Company estimates that the potential aggregate remaining incremental tax and interest liability for the tax years 2010 through 2024 could be approximately $12 billion as of December 31, 2024. Additional income tax and interest on any unpaid potential liabilities for the 2010 through 2024 tax years would continue to accrue until the time any such potential liability, or portion thereof, were to be paid. The Company estimates the impact of the continued application of the Tax Court Methodology for the three months ended March 28, 2025 would increase the potential aggregate incremental tax and interest liability by approximately $400 million. We currently project the continued application of the Tax Court Methodology in 2025, assuming similar facts and circumstances as of December 31, 2024, would result in an incremental annual tax liability that would increase the Company’s effective tax rate by approximately 3.5%.
42
Environmental Matter
On April 11, 2025, the Commissioner of the Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs and the Government of the United States Virgin Islands (“USVI”) filed a lawsuit against the Company, CC One Virgin Islands as well as other unrelated parties in the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands, Division of St. Croix, concerning the environmental impacts of plastic packaging in the USVI. The complaint asserts claims for (1) violations of USVI consumer protection statutes and (2) public nuisance. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, restitution and civil penalties but does not specify an amount of damages sought. The Company believes it has strong defenses to the claims.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The