contractual maturities of these available-for-sale debt securities as of March 28, 2025 were as follows (in millions):
The Company expects that actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities above because borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations.
The sale and/or maturity of available-for-sale debt securities resulted in the following realized activity (in millions):
Captive Insurance Companies
In accordance with local insurance regulations, our consolidated captive insurance companies are required to meet and maintain minimum solvency capital requirements. The Company elected to invest a majority of its solvency capital in a portfolio of marketable equity and debt securities. These securities are included in the disclosures above. The Company uses one of our consolidated captive insurance companies to reinsure group annuity insurance contracts that cover the obligations of certain of our European and Canadian pension plans. This captive’s solvency capital funds included total equity and debt securities of $
1,923
million and $
1,883
million as of March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, which were classified in the line item other noncurrent assets in our consolidated balance sheets because the assets were not available to satisfy our current obligations.
9
NOTE 5:
INVENTORIES
Inventories consisted of the following (in millions):
NOTE 6:
HEDGING TRANSACTIONS AND DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The following table presents the fair values of the Company’s derivative instruments that were designated and qualified as part of a hedging relationship (in millions):
1
All of the Company’s derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties, as applicable. Current disclosure requirements mandate that derivatives must also be disclosed without reflecting the impact of master netting agreements and cash collateral. Refer to Note 16 for the net presentation of the Company’s derivative instruments.
2
Refer to Note 16 for additional information related to the estimated fair value.
10
The following table presents the fair values of the Company’s derivative instruments that were not designated as hedging instruments (in millions):
1
All of the Company’s derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties, as applicable. Current disclosure requirements mandate that derivatives must also be disclosed without reflecting the impact of master netting agreements and cash collateral. Refer to Note 16 for the net presentation of the Company’s derivative instruments.
2
Refer to Note 16 for additional information related to the estimated fair value.
Credit Risk Associated with