political and regulatory environments in the countries and territories in which we operate, particularly in developing and emerging markets. Refer to the headings “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in Part I and “Our Business — Challenges and Risks” in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as well as the heading “Operations Review” below for additional information related to our present business environment. As a result, management must make numerous assumptions, which involve a significant amount of judgment, when performing impairment tests of equity method investments and indefinite-lived intangible assets in various regions around the world. The performance of impairment tests involves critical accounting estimates. These estimates require significant management judgment and include inherent uncertainties. Factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic lives of the assets, sales volume, pricing, royalty rates, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, long-term growth rates, discount rates, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. The variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. These factors are even more difficult to estimate given the highly volatile global financial markets. As these factors are often interdependent and may not change in isolation, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor.
In November 2021, the Company acquired the remaining 85% ownership interest in, and now owns 100% of, BodyArmor, which offers a line of sports performance and hydration beverages. During 2021, in conjunction with acquiring the remaining ownership interest, we recognized a noncash gain of $834 million resulting from the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest in BodyArmor to fair value. The Company allocated $4.2 billion of the $5.6 billion purchase price to the BodyArmor trademark. During the three months ended March 29, 2024, the operating results related to the trademark were lower than expected. Therefore, the Company revised its projections of the future operating results related to the trademark, which triggered the need to update its impairment analysis. As a result, the Company concluded that the fair value of the trademark was less than its carrying value and recorded an impairment charge of $760 million. The decrease in fair value was primarily driven by the revised projections of future operating results as well as higher discount rates resulting from changes in macroeconomic conditions since the acquisition date. As of March 28, 2025, the fair value of this trademark approximates its carrying value. If the near-term operating results of this trademark do not achieve our revised financial projections, or if the macroeconomic conditions change causing the