unit case volume as the basis for the allocation. This methodology results in our marketing expenditures being recognized at a standard rate per unit case. At the end of each quarter, we review our estimated full year unit case volume and our estimated full year marketing expenditures that benefit multiple quarters in order to evaluate if a change in estimate is necessary. The impact of any change in the full year estimate is recognized in the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs. Our full year marketing expenditures are not impacted by this interim accounting policy.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
We classify time deposits and other investments that are highly liquid and have maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase as cash equivalents or restricted cash equivalents, as applicable. Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents generally consist of amounts held by our captive insurance companies, which are included in the line item other noncurrent assets in our consolidated balance sheet, and when applicable, cash and cash equivalents related to assets held for sale are included in the line item prepaid expenses and other current assets in our consolidated balance sheet. We manage our exposure to counterparty credit risk through specific minimum credit standards, diversification of counterparties and procedures to monitor our concentrations of credit risk. Refer to Note 2 for additional information on our assets held for sale and Note 4 for additional information on our captive insurance companies.
The following tables provide a summary of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents that constitute the total amounts shown in our consolidated statements of cash flows (in millions):
6
NOTE 2:
ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES
Acquisitions
Our Company’s acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $
42
million during the three months ended March 28, 2025, which included $
30
million of investments in alternative energy limited partnerships. Refer to Note 15 for additional information on these investments. Our Company’s acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $
8
million during the three months ended March 29, 2024.
Divestitures
Proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities during the three months ended March 28, 2025 totaled $
748
million, which primarily related to the sale of a portion of our ownership interest in Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc, an equity method investee (“CCEP”), for which we received cash proceeds of $
741
million and recognized a net gain of $
331
million.
Proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities during the three months ended March 29, 2024 totaled $
2,893
million. The Company refranchised its bottling operations in certain territories