believes that the IRS and the Tax Court misinterpreted and misapplied the applicable regulations in reallocating income earned by the Company’s foreign licensees to increase the Company’s U.S. tax. Moreover, the Company believes that the retroactive imposition of such tax liability using a calculation methodology different from that previously agreed upon by the IRS and the Company, and audited by the IRS for over a decade, is unconstitutional. The Company intends to assert its claims on appeal and vigorously defend its positions. In addition, for its litigation with the IRS and for purposes of its appeal of the Tax Court decision, the Company continues to evaluate the implications of several significant administrative law cases recently decided by the U.S. Supreme Court, most notably
Loper Bright v. Raimondo
, which overruled
Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v.
NRDC
(“
Chevron
case”). Since 1984, the
Chevron
case had required that courts defer to agency interpretations of statutes and agency action. In
Ohio v. EPA
and
Garland v. Cargill
, two of the recent decisions, the U.S. Supreme Court demonstrated how courts are to rule on agency interpretations and actions without the deference previously required by the
Chevron
case
.
On August 2, 2024, the Tax Court entered a decision reflecting additional federal income tax of $
2.7
billion for the 2007 through 2009 tax years. With applicable interest, the total liability for the 2007 through 2009 tax years resulting from the Tax Court’s decision is $
6.0
billion, for which the IRS issued the Company invoices on September 3, 2024. The Company paid those invoices (“IRS Tax Litigation Deposit”) on September 10, 2024, which stopped interest from accruing on the additional tax due for the 2007 through 2009 tax years. That amount, plus interest earned, would be refunded in full or in part if the Company’s tax positions are ultimately sustained on appeal. For the three months ended March 28, 2025, the Company recorded net interest income of $
53
million related to this tax payment in the line item income taxes in our consolidated statement of income, in accordance with our accounting policy. The payment of the IRS invoices and the related accrued interest were recorded in the line item other noncurrent assets in our consolidated balance sheets as of March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024. On October 22, 2024, the Company appealed the Tax Court’s decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. The Company filed its principal appellate brief with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit on March 12, 2025.
In determining the amount of tax reserve to be recorded as of December 31, 2020, the Company completed the required two-step evaluation process prescribed by Accounting Standards Codification 740,
Accounting for Income Taxes
. In doing so, we consulted with outside advisors, and we reviewed and considered relevant laws, rules, and regulations, including, but not limited to, the Opinions and