summary judgment in its favor on a different matter related to Mexican foreign tax credits, which thereafter effectively reduced the IRS’ potential tax adjustment by $138 million.
The trial was held in the Tax Court from March through May 2018, and final post-trial briefs were filed and exchanged in   April 2019.
On November 18, 2020, the Tax Court issued the Opinion in which it predominantly sided with the IRS but agreed with the Company that dividends previously paid by the foreign licensees to the U.S. parent company in reliance upon the Closing Agreement should continue to be allowed to offset royalties, including those that would become payable to the Company in accordance with the Opinion. On November 8, 2023, the Tax Court issued a supplemental opinion, siding with the IRS in concluding both that certain U.S. tax regulations (known as the blocked-income regulations) that address the effect of certain Brazilian legal restrictions on royalty payments by the Company’s licensee in Brazil apply to the Company’s operations and that the Tax Court opinion in
3M Co. & Subs. v. Commissioner
(February 9, 2023) controlled as to the validity of those regulations.
The Company believes that the IRS and the Tax Court misinterpreted and misapplied the applicable regulations in reallocating income earned by the Company’s foreign licensees to increase the Company’s U.S. tax. Moreover, the Company believes that
41
the retroactive imposition of such tax liability using a calculation methodology different from that previously agreed upon by the IRS and the Company, and audited by the IRS for over a decade, is unconstitutional. The Company intends to assert its claims on appeal and vigorously defend its positions. In addition, for its litigation with the IRS and for purposes of its appeal of the Tax Court decision, the Company continues to evaluate the implications of several significant administrative law cases recently decided by the U.S. Supreme Court, most notably
Loper Bright v. Raimondo
, which overruled the
Chevron
case. Since 1984, the
Chevron
case had required that courts defer to agency interpretations of statutes and agency action. In
Ohio v. EPA
and
Garland v. Cargill
, two of the recent decisions, the U.S. Supreme Court demonstrated how courts are to rule on agency interpretations and actions without the deference previously required by the
Chevron
case
.
On August 2, 2024, the Tax Court entered a decision reflecting additional federal income tax of $2.7 billion for the 2007 through 2009 tax years. With applicable interest, the total liability for the 2007 through 2009 tax years resulting from the Tax Court’s decision is $6.0 billion, for which the IRS issued the Company invoices on September 3, 2024. The Company paid the IRS Tax Litigation Deposit on September 10, 2024, which stopped interest from accruing on the additional tax due for the 2007 through 2009 tax years. That amount, plus interest earned, would be refunded in full or in part if the