of future foreign currency cash flows is partially offset by losses in the fair value of the derivative instruments. The total notional values of derivatives that were designated and qualified for the Company’s foreign currency cash flow hedging program were $
11,971
million and $
9,206
million as of March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
11
The Company uses cross-currency swaps to hedge the changes in cash flows of certain of its foreign currency denominated debt and other monetary assets or liabilities due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For this hedging program, the Company recognizes in earnings each period the changes in carrying values of these foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities due to fluctuations in exchange rates. The changes in fair values of the cross-currency swap derivatives are recorded in AOCI with an immediate reclassification into earnings for the changes in fair values attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The total notional value of derivatives that were designated as cash flow hedges for the Company’s foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities was $
557
million as of both March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
The Company has entered into commodity futures contracts and other derivative instruments on various commodities to mitigate the price risk associated with forecasted purchases of materials used in our manufacturing process. These derivative instruments were designated as part of the Company’s commodity cash flow hedging program. The objective of this hedging program is to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with future purchases of certain commodities. The total notional values of derivatives that were designated and qualified for this program were $
87
million and $
58
million as of March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Our Company monitors our mix of short-term debt and long-term debt regularly. We manage our risk related to interest rate fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments. From time to time, the Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements and has designated these instruments as part of the Company’s interest rate cash flow hedging program. The objective of this hedging program is to mitigate the risk of adverse changes in benchmark interest rates on the Company’s future interest payments. The total notional value of derivatives that were designated and qualified for this program was $
1,000
million as of March 28, 2025. There were no derivatives that were designated as part of the Company’s interest rate cash flow hedging program as of December 31, 2024.
The following table presents the pretax impact that changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges had on other comprehensive income (“OCI”), AOCI and earnings (in millions):
As of March 28, 2025, the Company estimates that it will reclassify into earnings during the next 12 months net gains