losses on derivative instruments.
2
Refer to Note 4 for additional information related to the net unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale debt securities.
19
The following table presents the amounts and line items in our consolidated statement of income where adjustments reclassified from AOCI into income were recorded (in millions):
1
Related to the sale of a portion of our ownership interest in CCEP. Refer to Note 2.
20
NOTE 11:
CHANGES IN EQUITY
The following tables provide a reconciliation of the beginning and ending carrying amounts of total equity, equity attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company and equity attributable to noncontrolling interests (in millions):
NOTE 12:
SIGNIFICANT OPERATING AND NONOPERATING ITEMS
Other Operating Charges
During the three months ended March 28, 2025, the Company recorded other operating charges of $
73
million. These charges consisted of $
47
million related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in conjunction with our acquisition of fairlife, LLC (“fairlife”) in 2020, which brought the total liability to $
6,173
million and was paid in March 2025. Additionally, other operating charges included $
11
million related to the Company’s productivity and reinvestment program, $
9
million related to an indemnification agreement entered into as a part of the refranchising of certain of our bottling operations, $
3
million for the amortization of noncompete agreements related to the BA Sports Nutrition, LLC (“BodyArmor”) acquisition in 2021 and $
3
million related to tax litigation expense.
During the three months ended March 29, 2024, the Company recorded other operating charges of $
1,573
million. These charges consisted of $
765
million related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in conjunction with the fairlife acquisition, $
760
million related to the impairment of our BodyArmor trademark and $
36
million related to the Company’s productivity and reinvestment program. In addition, other operating charges included $
7
million for transaction costs related to the refranchising of our bottling operations in certain territories in India, $
4
million for the amortization of noncompete agreements related to the BodyArmor acquisition and $
1
million related to tax litigation expense.
21
Refer to Note 2 for additional information on the refranchising of our bottling operations in certain territories in India. Refer to Note 9 for additional information on the tax litigation. Refer to Note 13 for additional information on the Company’s restructuring initiatives. Refer to Note 16 for additional information on the fairlife acquisition and the BodyArmor impairment. Refer to Note 17 for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and Corporate.
Other Nonoperating Items
Equity Income (Loss) — Net
During the three months ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024, the Company recorded net charges of $
8
million and $
25