ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024.
The Company recognizes transfers between levels within the hierarchy as of the beginning of the reporting period. Gross transfers between levels within the hierarchy were not significant for the three months ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024.
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements
During the three months ended March 28, 2025, the Company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $
25
million related to a joint venture in Latin America. This impairment charge was derived using Level 3 inputs and was due to the joint venture’s restructuring and planned liquidation. This charge was recorded in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income.
During the three months ended March 29, 2024, the Company recorded an asset impairment charge of $
760
million related to our BodyArmor trademark in North America, which was primarily driven by revised projections of future operating results and higher discount rates resulting from changes in macroeconomic conditions since the acquisition date. The fair value of this trademark was derived using discounted cash flow analyses based on Level 3 inputs. This charge was recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income. The remaining carrying value of the trademark is $
3,400
million.
Other Fair Value Disclosures
The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and loans and notes payable approximate their fair values because of the relatively short-term maturities of these financial instruments. The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on quoted prices for those instruments. Where quoted prices are not available, the fair value is estimated using discounted cash flows and market-based expectations for interest rates, credit risk and the contractual terms of the debt instruments. As of March 28, 2025, the carrying value and fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, were $
43,693
million and $
38,736
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the carrying value and fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, were $
43,023
million and $
38,052
million, respectively.
25
NOTE 17:
OPERATING SEGMENTS
The Global Ventures operating segment was established primarily to oversee the Company’s ownership of Costa Limited (“Costa”), innocent and doğadan, as well as the fees earned pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the Company and Monster Beverage Corporation (“Monster”). In November 2024, we announced plans to sunset our Global Ventures operating segment to streamline and simplify our operating structure. Effective January 1, 2025, the results of our Costa (excluding the ready-to-drink business), innocent and doğadan businesses are reported within the Company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa operating segment.