million, respectively. These amounts represent the Company’s proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees.
Other Income (Loss) — Net
During the three months ended March 28, 2025, the Company recognized a net gain of $
331
million related to the sale of a portion of our ownership interest in CCEP, an impairment charge of $
25
million related to an equity method investee in Latin America and a net loss of $
19
million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The Company also recorded charges of $
25
million and $
11
million for special termination benefits and a curtailment loss, respectively, related to non-U.S. pension activity.
During the three months ended March 29, 2024, the Company recognized net gains of $
599
million and $
293
million related to the refranchising of our bottling operations in the Philippines and certain territories in India, respectively. The Company also recognized a net gain of $
516
million related to the sale of our ownership interest in an equity method investee in Thailand. Additionally, the Company recognized a net gain of $
178
million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities.
Refer to Note 2 for additional information on the sale of our ownership interest in CCEP, the sale of our ownership interest in an equity method investee in Thailand and the refranchising of our bottling operations. Refer to Note 4 for additional information on equity and debt securities. Refer to Note 14 for additional information on the non-U.S. pension curtailment and special termination benefits. Refer to Note 16 for additional information on the impairment charge.
NOTE 13:
RESTRUCTURING
Productivity and Reinvestment Program
In February 2012, the Company announced a productivity and reinvestment program designed to strengthen our brands and reinvest our resources to drive long-term profitable growth. The program was expanded multiple times, with the last expansion occurring in April 2017. While most of the initiatives included in this program were substantially completed by the end of 2024, certain initiatives, which are primarily designed to further simplify and standardize our organization, have been delayed and will be completed during 2025.
During the three months ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024, the Company incurred expenses of $
11
million and $
36
million, respectively, related to our productivity and reinvestment program. These expenses primarily included internal and external costs associated with the implementation of the program’s initiatives and were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 17 for the impact these