considering the impact of structural changes, unit case volume for Bottling Investments for the three months ended March 28, 2025 grew 1%.
6
After considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for Asia Pacific for the three months ended March 28, 2025 grew 8%.
30
Unit Case Volume
Although a significant portion of our Company’s net operating revenues is not based directly on unit case volume, we believe unit case volume performance is one of the indicators of the underlying strength of the Coca-Cola system because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level.
Unit case volume in Europe, Middle East and Africa increased 3%, which included 3% growth in both Trademark Coca-Cola and sparkling flavors, 2% growth in water, sports, coffee and tea, as well as growth in energy drinks, partially offset by a 5% decline in juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages. The operating segment’s volume performance included an increase in unit case volume of 11% in the Eurasia and Middle East operating unit, 1% in the Africa operating unit and growth in energy drinks, partially offset by a decline of 1% in the Europe operating unit.
Unit case volume in Latin America was even, which included 1% growth in both Trademark Coca-Cola and water, sports, coffee and tea, as well as growth in energy drinks, offset by a 4% decline in sparkling flavors. Unit case volume in juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages was even. The operating segment’s volume performance included 4% growth in Brazil and 17% growth in Argentina, offset by a decline of 3% in Mexico.
Unit case volume in North America decreased 3%, which included a 3% decline in Trademark Coca-Cola, a 6% decline in water, sports, coffee and tea, and a 1% decline in sparkling flavors, partially offset by growth in energy drinks. Unit case volume in juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages was even.
Unit case volume in Asia Pacific increased 6%, which included 6% growth in sparkling flavors, 7% growth in water, sports, coffee and tea, 3% growth in Trademark Coca-Cola, 4% growth in juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages and growth in energy drinks. The operating segment’s volume performance included 16% growth in the India and Southwest Asia operating unit, 6% growth in the Greater China and Mongolia operating unit, 1% growth in the Japan and South Korea operating unit and growth in energy drinks, partially offset by a decline of 2% in the ASEAN and South Pacific operating unit.
Unit case volume for Bottling Investments decreased 17%, driven by the impact of refranchising our bottling operations in the Philippines, Bangladesh and certain territories in India.
Concentrate Sales Volume
During the three months ended March 28, 2025, worldwide concentrate sales volume increased 1% and unit case volume increased 2% compared to the three months ended March 29, 2024. Concentrate sales volume growth is calculated based on the amount sold during the