overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners’ equity. Refer to the heading “Cash Flows from Financing Activities” below. We have a history of borrowing funds both domestically and internationally at reasonable interest rates, and we expect to be able to continue to borrow funds at reasonable rates over the long term. Our debt financing also includes the use of a commercial paper program. We currently have the ability to borrow funds in this market at levels that are consistent with our debt financing strategy, and we expect to continue to be able to do so in the future. The Company regularly reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt.
The Company’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities totaled $13.8 billion as of March 28, 2025. In addition to these funds, our commercial paper program, and our ability to issue long-term debt, we had $4.6 billion in unused backup lines of credit for general corporate purposes as of March 28, 2025. These backup lines of credit expire at various times through 2030.
Our current payment terms with the majority of our suppliers are 120 days. Certain financial institutions offer a voluntary supply chain finance program which enables our suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables from the Company to these financial institutions on a non-recourse basis at a rate that leverages our credit rating and thus may be more beneficial to them. We do not believe there is a risk that our payment terms will be shortened in the near future. Refer to Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Company has a trade accounts receivable factoring program in certain countries. Under this program, we can elect to sell trade accounts receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions at a discount. In these factoring arrangements, for ease of administration, the Company collects customer payments related to the factored receivables and remits those payments to the financial institutions. The Company sold $5,034 million and $4,508 million of trade accounts receivables under this program during the three months ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024, respectively. The costs of factoring such receivables were $24 million and $22 million for the three months ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024, respectively. The cash received from the financial institutions is reflected within the operating activities section of our consolidated statement of cash flows.
Our current capital allocation priorities are as follows: investing wisely to support our business operations, continuing to grow our dividend payment, enhancing our beverage portfolio and capabilities through consumer-centric acquisitions, and using excess cash to repurchase shares over time. We currently expect 2025 capital expenditures to be approximately $2.2 billion. During 2025, we expect to repurchase shares to offset dilution resulting from employee stock-