impact of changes in the fair values of instruments designated as net investment hedges (in millions):
The Company reclassified a gain of $
3
million related to net investment hedges from AOCI into earnings during the three months ended March 29, 2024. The Company did not reclassify any gains or losses during the three months ended March 28, 2025. In addition, the Company did not have any ineffectiveness related to net investment hedges during the three months ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024. The cash inflows and outflows associated with the Company’s derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges are classified in the line item other investing activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows.
13
Economic (Non-Designated) Hedging Strategy
In addition to derivative instruments that have been designated and qualify for hedge accounting, the Company also uses certain derivatives as economic hedges of foreign currency, interest rate and commodity exposure. Although these derivatives were not designated and/or did not qualify for hedge accounting, they are effective economic hedges. The changes in the fair values of economic hedges are immediately recognized in earnings.
The Company uses foreign currency economic hedges to offset the earnings impact that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have on certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies. The changes in the fair values of economic hedges used to offset those monetary assets and liabilities are immediately recognized in earnings in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income. In addition, we use foreign currency economic hedges to minimize the variability in cash flows associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, including those related to certain acquisition and divestiture activities. The changes in the fair values of economic hedges used to offset the variability in U.S. dollar net cash flows are immediately recognized in earnings in the line items net operating revenues, cost of goods sold or other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income, as applicable. The total notional values of derivatives related to our foreign currency economic hedges were $
9,694
million and $
8,620
million as of March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
The Company also uses certain derivatives as economic hedges to mitigate the price risk associated with the purchase of materials used in the manufacturing process and vehicle fuel. The changes in the fair values of these economic hedges are immediately recognized in earnings in the line items net operating revenues, cost of goods sold, or selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income, as applicable. The total notional values of derivatives related to our economic hedges of this type were $
619
million and $
328
million as of March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.