ended March 29, 2024, the Company recorded other operating charges of $1,573 million. These charges consisted of $765 million related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in conjunction with our acquisition of fairlife, $760 million related to the impairment of our BodyArmor trademark and $36 million related to the Company’s productivity and reinvestment program. In addition, other operating charges included $7 million for transaction costs related to the refranchising of our bottling operations in certain territories in India, $4 million for the amortization of noncompete agreements related to the BodyArmor acquisition and $1 million related to tax litigation expense.
Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the refranchising of our bottling operations in certain territories in India. Refer to Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the tax litigation. Refer to Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company’s restructuring initiatives. Refer to Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the fairlife acquisition and the BodyArmor impairment. Refer to Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and Corporate.
Operating Income and Operating Margin
Information about our operating income contribution by operating segment and Corporate on a percentage basis is as follows:
Operating margin is a ratio calculated by dividing operating income by net operating revenues. Management believes operating margin provides investors with useful information related to the profitability of our business after considering all of the selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating charges incurred. Management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the Company’s performance.
Information about our operating margin on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments and Corporate is as follows:
*
Calculation is not meaningful.
During the three months ended March 28, 2025, operating income was $3,659 million, compared to $2,141 million during the three months ended March 29, 2024, an increase of $1,518 million, or 71%. The increase was driven by an increase in concentrate sales volume of 1%, favorable pricing initiatives and lower other operating charges, partially offset by the impact of refranchising our bottling operations in the Philippines, Bangladesh and certain territories in India; higher commodity costs; and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 18%.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 18% due to a stronger U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the Mexican peso, Brazilian real, Argentine peso,