potential aggregate remaining incremental tax and interest liability for the tax years 2010 through 2024 could be approximately $
12
billion as of December 31, 2024. Additional income tax and interest on any unpaid potential liabilities for the 2010 through 2024 tax years would continue to accrue until the time any such potential liability, or portion thereof, were to be paid. The Company estimates the impact of the continued application of the Tax Court Methodology for the three months ended March 28, 2025 would increase the potential aggregate incremental tax and interest liability by approximately $
400
million. We currently project the continued application of the Tax Court Methodology in 2025, assuming similar facts and circumstances as of December 31, 2024, would result in an incremental annual tax liability that would increase the Company’s effective tax rate by approximately
3.5
%.
Risk Management Programs
The Company has numerous global insurance programs in place to help protect the Company from the risk of loss. In general, we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however, we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the Company’s risk of catastrophic loss. Our reserves for the Company’s self-insured losses are estimated using actuarial methods and assumptions of the insurance industry, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claims history. Our self-insurance reserves totaled $
168
million as of both March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024
.
NOTE 10:
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
AOCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company is separately presented in our consolidated balance sheet as a component of shareowners’ equity, which also includes our proportionate share of equity method investees’ AOCI. OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests is allocated to, and included in, our consolidated balance sheet as part of the line item equity attributable to noncontrolling interests.
AOCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company consisted of the following, net of tax (in millions):
17
The following table summarizes the allocation of total comprehensive income between shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company and noncontrolling interests (in millions):
1
Refer to Note 6 for additional information related to the net gains or losses on derivative instruments.
2
Refer to Note 4 for additional information related to the net unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale debt securities.
The following tables present OCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company, including our proportionate share of equity method investees’ OCI (in millions):
1
Refer to Note 6 for additional information related to the net gains or losses on derivative instruments.
2
Refer to Note 4 for additional information related to the net unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale debt securities.
18
1
Refer to Note 6 for additional information related to the net gains or