chosen not to offset or that do not meet the offsetting requirements. Refer to Note 6.
5
The Company is obligated to return $
18
million in cash collateral it has netted against its derivative position.
6
The Company has the right to reclaim $
832
million in cash collateral it has netted against its derivative position.
7
The Company’s derivative financial instruments were recorded at fair value in our consolidated balance sheet as follows: $
28
million in the line item
other noncurrent assets
and $
37
million in the line item
other noncurrent liabilities
. Refer to Note 6 for additional information related to the composition of our derivatives portfolio.
24
1
Refer to Note 4 for additional information related to the composition of our equity securities with readily determinable values and debt securities.
2
Refer to Note 6 for additional information related to the composition of our derivatives portfolio.
3
Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy but are included to reconcile to the amounts presented in Note 4.
4
Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Company to settle net positive and negative positions and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties. There were no amounts subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements that management has chosen not to offset or that do not meet the offsetting requirements. Refer to Note 6.
5
Represents the fair value of the remaining milestone payment related to our acquisition of fairlife, which is contingent on fairlife achieving certain financial targets through 2024 and is payable in 2025. This milestone payment is based on agreed-upon formulas related to fairlife’s operating results, the resulting value of which is not subject to a ceiling. The fair value was determined using discounted cash flow analyses. We are required to remeasure this liability to fair value quarterly, with any changes in the fair value recorded in income until the final milestone payment is made.
6
The Company was obligated to return $
12
million in cash collateral it had netted against its derivative position.
7
The Company had the right to reclaim $
735
million in cash collateral it had netted against its derivative position.
8
The Company’s derivative financial instruments were recorded at fair value in our consolidated balance sheet as follows: $
102
million in the line item prepaid expenses and other current assets, $
117
million in the line item other noncurrent assets, and $
22
million in the line item
other noncurrent liabilities.
Refer to Note 6 for additional information related to the composition of our derivatives portfolio.
Gross realized and unrealized gains and losses on Level 3 assets and liabilities, excluding the contingent consideration liability, were not significant for the three months