securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities, recognized net foreign currency exchange losses of $68 million and recorded $22 million of costs related to our trade accounts receivable factoring program. Other income (loss) — net also included income of $15 million related to the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost and dividend income of $25 million.
Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the sale of our ownership interest in CCEP, the sale of our ownership interest in an equity method investee in Thailand and the refranchising of our bottling operations. Refer to Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on equity and debt securities. Refer to Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on net periodic benefit cost or income. Refer to Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the impairment charge.
Income Taxes
The Company recorded income taxes of $722 million (17.8% effective tax rate) and $687 million (17.7% effective tax rate) during the three months ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024, respectively.
The Company’s effective tax rates for the three months ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024 vary from the statutory U.S. federal tax rate of 21.0%, primarily due to the tax impact of significant operating and nonoperating items, as described in Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, along with the tax benefits of having significant earnings generated outside of the United States and significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method, both of which are generally taxed at rates lower than the statutory U.S. federal tax rate.
The Company’s effective tax rate for the three months ended March 28, 2025 included $143 million of net tax benefits related to various discrete tax items, including net interest income of $53 million related to the IRS Tax Litigation Deposit recorded in the line item income taxes in our consolidated statement of income, in accordance with our accounting policy, and a tax benefit of $85 million related to a change in the Company’s indefinite reinvestment assertion for certain foreign entities.
On November 18, 2020, the Tax Court issued the Opinion regarding the Company’s 2015 litigation with the IRS involving transfer pricing tax adjustments in which it predominantly sided with the IRS. On November 8, 2023, the Tax Court issued a supplemental opinion, siding with the IRS in concluding both that the blocked-income regulations apply to the Company’s operations and that the Tax Court opinion in
3M Co. & Subs. v. Commissioner
(February 9, 2023) controlled as to the validity of those regulations. The Company strongly disagrees with the Opinions and intends to vigorously defend its positions. Refer to Note 9 of Notes to