currency fluctuations and governmental actions. We closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to changing economic and political environments as well as to fluctuations in currencies.
Due to the geographic diversity of our operations, weakness in some currencies may be offset by strength in other currencies over time. Our hedging activities are designed to mitigate, over time, a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our net income. Taking into account the effects of our hedging activities, the impact of
39
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our operating income for the three months ended March 28, 2025 by 18%.
Based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will have an unfavorable impact on operating income and cash flows from operating activities through the end of the year.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We have no material changes to the disclosures on this matter made in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 28, 2025.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 28, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
40
Part II. Other Information
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
Information regarding reportable legal proceedings is contained in Part I, “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. The following updates and restates the description of the previously reported U.S. Federal Income Tax Dispute matter and describes a new environmental matter. Management believes that, except as disclosed in “U.S. Federal Income Tax Dispute” below, the total liabilities of the Company that may arise as a result of currently pending legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company taken as a whole.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Dispute
On September 17, 2015, the Company received a Notice from the IRS seeking approximately $3.3 billion of additional federal