Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the tax litigation.
At the end of each quarter, we make our best estimate of the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. This estimate reflects, among other items, our best estimate of operating results and foreign currency exchange rates. Based on current tax laws, including the impact of several countries enacting global minimum tax regulations, the Company’s effective tax rate in 2025 is expected to be approximately 20.8% before considering the potential impact of any significant operating and nonoperating items that may affect our effective tax rate. This rate does not include the impact of the ongoing tax litigation with the IRS, if the Company were not to prevail.
Many jurisdictions have enacted legislation and adopted policies resulting from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (“OECD”) Anti-Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project. The OECD is currently coordinating a two-pillared project on behalf of the G20 and other participating countries which would grant additional taxing rights over profits earned by multinational enterprises to the countries in which their products are sold and services rendered. Pillar One would allow countries to reallocate a portion of profits earned by multinational businesses with an annual global revenue exceeding €20 billion and a profit margin of over 10% to applicable market jurisdictions. While the OECD issued draft language for the international implementation of Pillar One in October 2023, both the substantive rules and implementation process remain under discussion at the OECD, so the timetable for any implementation remains uncertain.
In December 2021, the OECD issued Pillar Two model rules which would establish a global per-country minimum tax of 15%, and the European Union has approved a directive requiring member states to incorporate similar provisions into their respective domestic laws. The directive requires, with certain limited exceptions, the rules to initially become effective for fiscal years starting on or after December 31, 2023. Numerous countries have enacted legislation that implemented certain aspects of Pillar Two effective January 1, 2024, while many others have indicated their intent to adopt, or have adopted, legislation effective in
36
2025. The OECD and implementing countries are expected to continue to make further revisions to their legislation and release additional guidance. The Company will continue to monitor developments to determine any potential impact in the countries in which we operate.
LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND FINANCIAL POSITION
We believe our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities is one of the fundamental strengths of our business. Refer to the heading “Cash Flows from Operating Activities” below. The Company does not typically raise capital through the issuance of stock. Instead, we use debt financing to lower our