reporting periods, which is impacted by the number of days. Conversely, unit case volume growth is calculated based on average daily sales, which is not impacted by the number of days in the reporting periods. The first quarter of 2025 had two fewer days when compared to the first quarter of 2024, which contributed to the differences between concentrate sales volume and unit case volume growth rates on a consolidated basis and for the individual operating segments. Additionally, the differences between concentrate sales volume and unit case volume growth rates for the operating segments were impacted by the timing of concentrate shipments. We expect the differences between concentrate sales volume and unit case volume growth rates to lessen over the remainder of the year.
31
Net Operating Revenues
During the three months ended March 28, 2025, net operating revenues were $11,129 million, compared to $11,300 million during the three months ended March 29, 2024, a decrease of $171 million, or 2%.
The following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of the factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments:
Note: Certain rows may not add due to rounding.
1
Represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, if any. For our Bottling Investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume computed by comparing the total sales (rather than the average daily sales) in each of the corresponding periods after considering the impact of structural changes, if any. Our Bottling Investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only after considering the impact of structural changes, if any. Refer to the heading “Beverage Volume” above.
2
Includes structural changes, if any. Refer to the heading “Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands” above.
Refer to the heading “Beverage Volume” above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate sales volumes.
“Price, product and geographic mix” refers to the change in net operating revenues caused by factors such as pricing actions taken by the Company and, where applicable, our bottling partners; the mix of categories, products and packages sold; and the mix of channels and geographic territories where the sales occurred. Management believes that providing investors with price, product and geographic mix enhances their understanding about the combined impact that these items had on the Company’s net operating revenues. The impact of price, product and geographic mix is calculated by subtracting the change in net operating revenues resulting from volume