discount rate to increase without an offsetting increase in the operating results, it is likely that we would be required to recognize an additional impairment charge. Management will continue to monitor the fair value of this trademark in future periods.
OPERATIONS REVIEW
Sales of our ready-to-drink beverages are somewhat seasonal, with the second and third calendar quarters typically accounting for the highest sales volumes. The volume of sales in the beverage business may be affected by weather conditions.
While our operations are primarily local, we remain subject to global trade dynamics, which may impact certain components of our cost structure as well as the cost structures of our bottlers and our customers and may affect consumer sentiment across our markets.
The Global Ventures operating segment was established primarily to oversee the Company’s ownership of Costa, innocent and doğadan, as well as the fees earned pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the Company and Monster. In November 2024, we announced plans to sunset our Global Ventures operating segment to streamline and simplify our operating structure. Effective January 1, 2025, the results of our Costa (excluding the ready-to-drink business), innocent and doğadan businesses are reported within the Company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa operating segment. Costa’s ready-to-drink business and the fees related to Monster are reported in the respective geographic operating segments. Our historical operating segment information disclosed below has been recast to reflect our current organizational structure.
28
Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands
In order to continually improve upon the Company’s operating performance, from time to time we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations. In addition, we periodically acquire brands and their related operations or enter into license agreements for certain brands to supplement our beverage offerings. These items impact our operating results and certain key metrics used by management in assessing the Company’s performance.
Unit case volume growth is a key metric used by management to evaluate the Company’s performance because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. The Company’s unit case volume represents the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners to customers or consumers and, therefore, reflects unit case volume for both consolidated and unconsolidated bottlers. Refer to the heading “Beverage Volume” below.
Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, source waters and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents) sold by, or used in finished products sold by, the Company to its bottling partners or other customers. For Costa non-ready-to-drink beverage