in India in January and February 2024, for which we received net cash proceeds of $
476
million and recognized a net gain of $
293
million. The Company refranchised its bottling operations in Bangladesh to Coca-Cola İçecek A.Ş., an equity method investee, in February 2024, for which we received net cash proceeds of $
27
million and a note receivable of $
29
million and recognized a net loss of $
18
million, primarily due to the related reversal of cumulative translation adjustments. During the three months ended March 28, 2025, the Company recognized an additional loss of $
14
million related to post-closing adjustments and a corresponding reduction in the outstanding note receivable balance. Additionally, in February 2024, the Company refranchised its bottling operations in the Philippines to CCEP and a local business partner, for which we received net cash proceeds of $
1,656
million and recognized a net gain of $
599
million. We also sold our ownership interest in an equity method investee in Thailand, for which we received net cash proceeds of $
728
million and recognized a net gain of $
516
million.
These gains and losses were recorded in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statements of income.
Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
As of March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company’s bottling operations in certain territories in India met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. As a result, we were required to record the related assets and liabilities at the lower of carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. As the fair values less any costs to sell exceeded the carrying values, the related assets and liabilities were recorded at their carrying values. These assets and liabilities were included in the Bottling Investments operating segment.
The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities that were classified as held for sale and were included in the line items prepaid expenses and other current assets and accounts payable and accrued expenses, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheet (in millions):
7
NOTE 3
:
NET OPERATING REVENUES
The following table presents net operating revenues disaggregated between the United States and International and further by line of business (in millions):
Refer to Note 17 for disclosures of net operating revenues by operating segment and Corporate.
NOTE 4:
INVESTMENTS
Equity Securities
The carrying values of our equity securities were included in the following line items in our consolidated balance sheets (in millions):
The calculation of net unrealized gains and losses recognized during the period related to equity securities still held at the end of the period is as follows (in millions):
8
Debt Securities
Our debt securities consisted of the following (in millions):
The carrying values of our debt securities were included in the following line items in our consolidated balance sheets (in millions):
The