Table of Contents
The following tables show sales by distribution method at the consolidated level and for each reportable segment and Other for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Remaining Performance Obligations
As described above, Linde's contracts with on-site customers are under long-term supply arrangements which generally require the customer to purchase their requirements from Linde and also have minimum purchase requirements. Additionally, plant sales from the Linde Engineering business are primarily contracted on a fixed price basis. The company estimates the consideration related to future minimum purchase requirements and plant sales was approximately $
58
billion. This amount excludes all on-site sales above minimum purchase requirements, which can be significant depending on customer needs. In the future, actual amounts will be different due to impacts from several factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control including, but not limited to, timing of newly signed, terminated and renewed contracts, inflationary price escalations, currency exchange rates, and pass-through costs related to natural gas and electricity. The actual duration of long-term supply contracts ranges up to
twenty years
. The company estimates that approximately half of the revenue related to minimum purchase requirements will be earned in the next
six years
and the remaining thereafter.
NOTE 20.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
In February 2025, Linde issued
€
850
million o
f
2.625
% notes due in 2029,
€
750
million
of
3.00
% notes due in 2033 and
€
650
million
of
3.25
% notes due in 2037. Linde redeemed
$
600
million of
4.70
% notes that were due in 2025.
ITEM 9.     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
89
Table of Contents
ITEM 9A.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on an evaluation of the effectiveness of Linde’s disclosure controls and procedures, which was made under the supervision and with the participation of management, including Linde’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have each concluded that, as of December 31, 2024, such disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by Linde in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and accumulated and communicated to management including Linde’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Refer to Item 8 for Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting as of December 31, 2024.
Changes in Internal Control over