which are recorded in other long-term liabilities.
In addition, during 2024, Linde issued credit default swaps (“CDS”) to third-party financial institutions. The CDS relate to secured borrowings provided by the financial institutions to a government customer in Mexico, that were utilized to pay certain of Linde’s outstanding receivables. The notional amount of the CDS, which was $
167
million and $
166
million for the two programs as of March 31, 2025, will reduce on a monthly basis over their respective
24
-month and
22
-month terms. As of March 31, 2025, the fair value of the derivative liabilities was not material.
Balance Sheet Items
Foreign currency contracts related to balance sheet items consist of forward contracts entered into to manage the exposure to fluctuations in foreign-currency exchange rates on recorded balance sheet assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other                                  than the functional currency of the related operating unit. Certain forward currency contracts are entered into to protect underlying monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies from foreign exchange risk and are not designated as hedging instruments. For balance sheet items that are not designated as hedging instruments, the fair value adjustments on these contracts are offset by the fair value adjustments recorded on the underlying monetary assets and liabilities.
Forecasted Transactions
Foreign currency contracts related to forecasted transactions consist of forward contracts entered into to manage the exposure to fluctuations in foreign-currency exchange rates on (1) forecasted purchases of capital-related equipment and services, (2) forecasted sales, or (3) other forecasted cash flows denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the related operating units. For forecasted transactions that are designated as cash flow hedges, fair value adjustments are recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) with deferred amounts reclassified to earnings over the same time period as the income statement impact of the associated purchase. For forecasted transactions that do not qualify for cash flow hedging relationships, fair value adjustments are recorded directly to earnings. Linde is hedging forecasted transactions for a maximum period of
three years
.
Commodity Contracts
Commodity contracts are entered into to manage the exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices, which arise in the normal course of business from its procurement transactions. To reduce the extent of this risk, Linde enters into a limited number of electricity, natural gas, and propane gas derivatives. For forecasted transactions that are designated as cash flow hedges, fair value adjustments are recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) with deferred amounts reclassified to
11
earnings over the same time period as the income statement impact of the associated purchase. Linde is hedging commodity