assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ, management believes such estimates to be reasonable.
Operations
–
Linde is the largest industrial gases company globally. The company produces, sells and distributes atmospheric, process and specialty gases to a diverse group of industries including aerospace, chemicals, food and beverage, electronics, energy, healthcare, manufacturing, and metals. Linde’s Engineering business offers its customers an extensive range of gas production and processing services including supplying plant components and services directly to customers.
Revenue Recognition
–
Revenue is recognized as control of goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for the goods or services.
See Note 19 for additional details regarding Linde's revenue recognition policies.
Cash Equivalents
–
Cash equivalents are considered to be highly liquid securities with original maturities of three months or less.
Inventories
–
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the average-cost method.
Property, Plant and Equipment – Net
–
Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The company capitalizes labor, applicable overhead and interest as part of the cost of constructing major facilities. Expenditures for additions and improvements that extend the lives or increase the capacity of plant assets are also capitalized. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from
3
years to
40
years (see Note 8). Linde uses accelerated depreciation methods for tax purposes where appropriate. Maintenance of property, plant and equipment is generally expensed as incurred.
The company performs a test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an individual asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Should projected undiscounted future cash flows be less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, an impairment charge reducing the carrying amount to fair value may be required. Fair value is determined based on the most appropriate valuation technique, including discounted cash flows.
Asset-Retirement Obligations
– An asset-retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which sufficient information exists to determine the fair value of the liability with a corresponding increase to the carrying amount of the related property, plant and equipment which is then depreciated over its useful life. The liability is initially measured at fair
50
Table of Contents
value and then accretion expense is