company operates and are consistent with how management assesses performance.
The CODM consists of the CEO, CFO and senior or executive vice president of each respective segment. The company’s measure of profit/loss for segment reporting is segment operating profit. Segment operating profit is defined as operating profit excluding purchase accounting impacts of the Linde AG merger, cost reduction and other charges, and items not indicative of ongoing business trends. The CODM uses operating profit to assess overall segment performance, which
84
Table of Contents
includes monitoring opportunities for growth and to make capital decisions across the respective segments, while assessing both industry and macroeconomic conditions. Total assets have not been included as this is not provided to the CODM for their assessment.
The table below presents information about reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(a)
Sales reflect external sales only. Intersegment sales from Engineering to the industrial gases segments, were $
1,958
million, $
1,479
million and $
1,035
million for the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Intersegment sales from Helium, were $
477
million, $
509
million, $
442
million for the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(b)
Variable costs represents the variable portion of cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization.
(c)
Fixed costs and other represents the fixed portion of cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, selling, general and administrative, research and development and other income (expenses) - net.
(d)
Refer to reconciliation of depreciation and amortization to consolidated results below.
(e)
Refer to reconciliation of operating profit to consolidated results below.
Reconciliations to Consolidated Results
Depreciation and Amortization
The table below reconciles total depreciation and amortization disclosed in the table above to consolidated depreciation and amortization as reflected on our consolidated statements of income:
85
Table of Contents
Income Before Income Taxes and Equity Investments
The table below reconciles total operating profit disclosed in the table above to consolidated income before income taxes and equity investments as reflected on our consolidated statements of income:
Geographic Information
The geographic information presented below is based on country of origin.
Sales by Major Country
(a)
Sales in Germany include Engineering sales to third parties, locally and internationally, which represent
28
%,
35
%  and
44
% of Germany sales in  2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Long-lived Assets
(a)
Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment - net.
NOTE 19.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
Revenue is accounted for in accordance with ASC 606. Revenue is recognized as control of goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be