previously served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Praxair, Inc. since January 1, 2014.  Prior to this, Mr. White was President of Praxair Canada from 2011 to 2013. He joined Praxair in 2004 as finance director for the company’s largest business unit, North American Industrial Gases. In 2008, he became Vice President and Controller of Praxair, Inc., then was named Vice President and Treasurer in 2010. Before joining Praxair, White was Vice President, Finance, at Fisher Scientific and before that he held various financial positions, including group controller, at GenTek, a manufacturing and performance chemicals company.
ITEM 1A.     RISK FACTORS
Due to the size and geographic reach of the company’s operations, a wide range of factors, many of which are outside of the company’s control, could materially affect the company’s future operations and financial performance. Management believes the following risks may significantly impact the company:
Weakening economic conditions in markets in which Linde does business may adversely impact its financial results and/or cash flows.
Linde serves a diverse group of industries across more than 80 countries, which generally leads to financial stability through various business cycles. However, a broad decline in general economic or business conditions in the industries served by its customers could adversely affect the demand for Linde’s products and impair the ability of its customers to satisfy their obligations to Linde, resulting in uncollected receivables and/or unanticipated contract terminations or project delays. For example, global political and economic uncertainty could reduce investment activities of Linde’s customers, which could adversely affect Linde’s business.
In addition, many of Linde’s customers are in businesses that are cyclical in nature, such as the chemicals, metals and energy industries. Downturns in these industries may adversely impact Linde during these cycles. Additionally, such conditions could impact the utilization of Linde’s manufacturing capacity which may require it to recognize impairment losses on tangible assets such as property, plant and equipment, as well as intangible assets such as goodwill, customer relationships or intellectual property.
Increases in the cost of energy and raw materials and/or disruption in the supply of these materials could result in lost sales or reduced profitability.
Energy is the single largest cost item in the production and distribution of industrial gases. Most of Linde’s energy requirements are in the form of electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel for distribution. Linde attempts to minimize the financial impact of variability in these costs through the management of customer contracts and reducing demand through operational productivity and energy efficiency. Large customer contracts typically have escalation and pass-through clauses to recover energy and feedstock costs. Such attempts may not successfully