HKIAC arbitration proceedings.  Linde subsidiaries affected by the GPP Decision have also filed claims for damages against RCA in the Southern District of New York, the Netherlands and Germany.
As of March 31, 2025, Linde has a contingent liability of $
1.1
billion, which represents advance payments previously recorded in contract liabilities related to terminated engineering projects with RCA. As a result of the contract terminations, Linde no longer has future performance obligations for these projects.
It is difficult to estimate the timing of resolution of these matters. The company intends to vigorously defend its interests in the Russian Claims, Hong Kong arbitration proceedings and other jurisdictions.
Amur GPP
In July 2015, Gazprom Pererabotka Blagoveshchensk LLC ("Gazprom") entered into an engineering, procurement and construction contract with OJSC NIPIgazpererabotka ("Nipigas") for the construction of a gas processing plant and other components located in the Amur Region, Russia (“Amur GPP”). Subsequently, in December 2015, Nipigas and Linde Engineering, executed a subcontract for engineering, procurement, and site services for licensed production units for the Amur GPP project. Additionally, Linde also entered into (i) a license agreement with Gazprom in 2017 for the operation of the plants, and (ii) a direct owner agreement with Gazprom and Nipigas which included limitation of liability provisions. Performance of the Amur GPP agreements were lawfully suspended in compliance with applicable sanctions on May 27, 2022.
On October 8, 2021 and January 5, 2022, fires occurred at the Amur GPP facility. Following the initial fire in 2021, Linde undertook a comprehensive review of the incident, including a detailed local inspection conducted by Linde employees. The Linde report concluded that the fire was attributable to the quality of construction and assembly work, responsibilities falling under the scope of Nipigas. On October 29, 2024, Gazprom submitted a claim to the Arbitration State Court in the Amur Region, Russia (“Amur Court”) against Linde claiming damages and lost profits arising from the fire incidents.
As of March 31, 2025, Linde has a contingent liability of $
0.7
billion for this and other Amur GPP contract matters. It is difficult to estimate the timing of resolution of this matter. The company intends to vigorously defend its interests in this case.
9.
Segment Information
For a description of Linde plc's operating segments and information on how the Chief Operating Decision Maker assesses performance and allocates resources, refer to Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements on Linde plc's 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The company’s measure of profit/loss for segment reporting is segment operating profit. Segment operating profit is defined as operating profit excluding purchase accounting impacts of the Linde AG merger, cost reduction and other charges, and items not indicative of ongoing business trends.
The