UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 1C.    CYBERSECURITY
Risk Management & Strategy
Cybersecurity is identified as a top enterprise risk given the company's reliance on information technology systems and networks for business and operational activities. Linde has taken steps to address these risks and concerns by implementing cybersecurity and risk management processes that include advanced security technologies, internal controls, network and data center resiliency and disaster recovery processes.
Linde is implementing a series of security enhancements based on the Zero Trust principle. Linde maintains a Standard Operating Procedure for Global Security Incident Response that defines how Linde responds to cyber incidents, including escalation, reporting and remediation procedures.  Dedicated cybersecurity teams conduct surveillance for potential threats and implement both procedural and technological controls to protect data and to maintain safe, uninterrupted operations.
The company engages third parties in connection with these efforts to provide independent analysis and advice on cybersecurity risks, incidents and other cyber security related matters.  In addition, to help our people recognize information and cybersecurity concerns and respond accordingly, Linde conducts mandatory trainings and cybersecurity awareness programs for employees.
Third party software providers that facilitate Linde’s business activities are also sources of cybersecurity risk for the company.  Linde performs risk assessment procedures including evaluation of the overall health of the control environment for certain third-party providers.
Despite these steps, however, our information technology systems have in the past been and in the future will likely be subject to increasingly sophisticated cyber attacks. Operational failures and breaches of security from such attempts could lead to the loss or disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to Linde or our employees and customers or suppliers. These failures and breaches could result in business interruption or malfunction and lead to legal or regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on Linde’s operations, reputation and financial results.
To date, such attempts have not had any significant impact on Linde's operations or financial results.
Governance
Information and cybersecurity risk management fall under the oversight of the Audit Committee.
T
he Audit Committee receives an annual review, followed by quarterly updates, of the Company’s cybersecurity systems, enhancements, strategies and risk management efforts, and the Chair of the Audit Committee will be promptly notified of any material cybersecurity breach incident.
In addition, the full
Board
reviews cybersecurity as part of its regular risk reviews.
Linde has appointed a
Global Chief Information Officer (CIO)
reporting to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO).  A Chief Information Security Officer