basis, after eliminating intercompany transactions and balances between them and excluding investments in and equity in earnings from non-guarantor subsidiaries.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Refer to Item 7A. to Part II of Linde's 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
(a)
Based on an evaluation of the effectiveness of Linde's disclosure controls and procedures, which was made under the supervision and with the participation of management, including Linde's principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have each concluded that, as of the end of the quarterly period covered by this report, such disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by Linde in reports that it files under the Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and accumulated and communicated to management including Linde's principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
(b)
There were no changes in Linde's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarterly period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Linde's internal control over financial reporting.
38
Table of Contents
PART II - OTHER INFORMATION
Linde plc and Subsidiaries
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
See Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of current legal proceedings.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Through the quarterly period covered by this report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A to Part I of Linde's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Purchases of Equity Securities- Certain information regarding purchases made by or on behalf of the company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of its ordinary shares during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 is provided below:
(1)
On October 23, 2023, the company's board of directors approved the repurchase of $15.0 billion of its ordinary shares ("2023 program") which could take place from time to time on the open market (and could include the use of 10b5-1 trading plans), subject to market and business conditions. The 2023 program began on October 23, 2023 and will terminate on the earlier of the date as the maximum authority under the 2023 program is reached or the board terminates the 2023 program.
(2)
As of March 31, 2025, the company repurchased $4.2 billion of its ordinary shares pursuant to the 2023 share repurchase program. As of March 31, 2025,