contracts are with highly rated insurance companies. Insurance contracts are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.
Real Estate Funds
– This category includes real estate properties, partnership equities and investments in operating companies. The fair value of the assets is determined using discounted cash flows by estimating an income stream for the property plus a reversion into a present value at a risk adjusted rate. Yield rates and growth assumptions utilized are derived from market transactions as well as other financial and industry data. The fair value for these investments are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.
Private Debt -
This category includes non-traded, privately-arranged loans between one or a small group of private debt investment managers and corporate borrowers, which are typically too small to access the syndicated market and have no credit rating. This category also includes similar loans to real estate companies or individual properties. Loans included in this category are valued at par value, are held to maturity or to call, and are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.
81
Table of Contents
Contributions
At a minimum, Linde contributes to its pension plans to comply with local regulatory requirements (e.g., ERISA in the United States). Discretionary contributions in excess of the local minimum requirements are made based on many factors, including long-term projections of the plans' funded status, the economic environment, potential risk of overfunding, pension insurance costs and alternative uses of the cash. Changes to these factors can impact the timing of discretionary contributions from year to year. Pension contributions were $
35
million in 2024, $
46
million in 2023 and $
51
million in 2022. Estimated required contributions for 2025 are currently expected to be in the range of $
25
million to $
35
million.
Estimated Future Benefit Payments
The following table presents estimated future benefit payments, net of participant contributions:
NOTE 17.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
The company accrues non income-tax liabilities for contingencies when management believes that a loss is probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, while contingent gains are recognized only when realized or realizable. In the event any losses are sustained in excess of accruals, they will be charged against income at that time. Attorney fees are recorded as incurred. Commitments represent obligations, such as those for future purchases of goods or services, that are not yet recorded on the company’s balance sheet as liabilities. The company records liabilities for commitments when incurred (i.e., when the goods or services are received).
Contingent Liabilities
Linde is subject to various lawsuits and government investigations that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. These actions are based upon alleged environmental, tax, antitrust and personal injury claims,