are observable
Level 3 – inputs that are unobservable (for example, cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions)
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
The following table summarizes assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2024 and 2023:
*
Investments and securities are recorded in prepaid and other current assets and other long-term assets in the company's consolidated balance sheets.
71
Table of Contents
Level 1 investments and securities are marketable securities traded on an exchange. Level 2 investments are based on market prices obtained from independent brokers or determined using quantitative models that use as their basis readily observable market parameters that are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including third-party pricing services, brokers and market transactions. Level 3 investments and securities consist of a venture fund. For the valuation, Linde uses the net asset value received as part of the fund's quarterly reporting, which for the most part is not based on quoted prices in active markets. In order to reflect current market conditions, Linde proportionally adjusts these by observable market data (stock exchange prices) or current transaction prices.
Changes in level 3 investments and securities were immaterial.
The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, short-term debt, accounts receivable-net, and accounts payable approximate carrying value because of the short-term maturities of these instruments.
The fair value of long-term debt is estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues. Long-term debt is categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2024, the estimated fair value of Linde’s long-term debt portfolio was $
16,234
million versus a carrying value of $
17,400
million. At December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of Linde’s long-term debt portfolio was $
13,337
million versus a carrying value of $
14,660
million. Differences between the carrying value and the fair value are attributable to fluctuations in interest rates subsequent to when the debt was issued and relative to stated coupon rates.
NOTE 14.
EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS
Linde plc Shareholders’ Equity
On March 1, 2023, in connection with the shareholder approved intercompany reorganization that resulted in the delisting of old Linde plc from the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FSE), and the subsequent relisting of new Linde plc to the NYSE, Linde shareholders automatically received
one
share of the new holding company in exchange for each share of Linde plc that was previously owned. The company issued
490,766,972
new Linde shares. Linde plc's historical treasury shares were immediately canceled which resulted in an approximate $
15
billion decrease in treasury shares and retained earnings in Shareholders' Equity. On November 7, 2023, Linde plc transferred