basis, the increase was driven by higher operating profit versus prior year.
26
Table of Contents
See the "Non-GAAP Measures and Reconciliations" section for definitions and reconciliations of these adjusted non-GAAP measures to reported GAAP amounts.
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Other comprehensive income for the first quarter of 2025 was $131 million. The income in the quarter resulted primarily from currency translation adjustments of $134 million. The translation adjustments reflect the impact of translating local currency foreign subsidiary financial statements to U.S. dollars, and are largely driven by the movement of the U.S. dollar against major currencies including the Euro, British pound and the Chinese yuan. See the "Currency" section of the MD&A for exchange rates used for translation purposes and Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a summary of the currency translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by segment.
Segment Discussion
The following summary of sales and operating profit by segment provides a basis for the discussion that follows. Linde plc evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on operating profit, excluding items not indicative of ongoing business trends.
The reported amounts are GAAP amounts from the Consolidated Statement of Income.
27
Table of Contents
Americas
The Americas segment includes Linde's industrial gases operations in approximately 20 countries including the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil.
Sales
Sales for the Americas segment increased $106 million, or 3%, in the first quarter versus the respective 2024 period. Higher pricing contributed 3% to sales in the quarter. Cost pass-through increased sales by 1% in the first quarter with minimal impact on operating profit. Volumes increased sales by 1% in the first quarter primarily driven by electronics and chemicals & energy end markets including to project start-ups. Acquisitions increased sales by 1% in the first quarter. Currency translation decreased sales by 3% in first quarter,
driven primarily by the weakening of the Brazilian real and Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar.
Operating profit
Operating profit in the Americas segment increased $49 million, or 5%, in the first quarter versus the respective 2024 period, driven primarily by higher pricing and continued productivity initiatives, which more than offset cost inflation and currency translation.
EMEA
28
Table of Contents
The EMEA segment includes Linde's industrial gases operations in approximately 45 European, Middle Eastern and African countries including Germany, United Kingdom, France, the Republic of South Africa and Sweden.
Sales
EMEA segment sales decreased $60 million, or 3%, in the first quarter compared to the respective 2024 period. Higher price attainment increased sales by 2% in the quarter. Cost pass-through increased sales by 1% in the quarter with minimal impact on operating profit.