markets.  While Linde will work to mitigate these risks through the pursuit of strategic alliances and investment in applications technologies to capture new growth areas, given the uncertainty about the type and scope of new regulations, it is difficult to predict how such changes and their impact on market behavior will ultimately impact Linde’s business.  However, such changes could have a material adverse impact on Linde's results of operations.
Doing business globally requires Linde to comply with anti-corruption, trade, compliance and economic sanctions and similar laws, and to implement policies and procedures designed to ensure that its employees and other intermediaries comply with the applicable restrictions. These restrictions include prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products, services and any other economic resources to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities. Compliance with these restrictions requires, among other things, screening of business partners. Despite its commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics, the company cannot ensure that its policies and procedures will always protect it from intentional, reckless or negligent acts committed by employees or agents under the applicable laws. If Linde fails to comply with laws governing the conduct of international operations, Linde may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could materially adversely affect its reputation, business and results of operations.
The outcome of litigation or governmental investigations may adversely impact the company’s business or results of operations.
Linde’s subsidiaries are party to various lawsuits and governmental investigations arising in the ordinary course of business. Adverse outcomes in some or all of the claims pending may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect Linde’s ability to conduct business. Linde and its subsidiaries may in the future become subject to further claims and litigation, which is impossible to predict.  The litigation and other claims Linde faces are subject to inherent uncertainties. Legal or regulatory judgments or agreed settlements might give rise to expenses which are not covered, or are not fully covered, by insurance benefits and may also lead to negative publicity and reputational damage. An unfavorable outcome or determination could cause a material adverse impact on the company’s results of operations.
11
Table of Contents
Potential product defects or inadequate customer care may adversely impact Linde’s business or results of operations.
Risks associated with products and services may result in potential liability claims, the loss of customers or damage to Linde’s reputation. Principal possible causes of risks associated with products and services are product defects or an inadequate level of customer care when Linde is providing services.
Linde is exposed to legal risks