deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are reclassified to earnings as the underlying hedged transaction affects earnings. Provided the hedge remains highly effective, any ineffectiveness is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is reclassified to earnings as the underlying hedged transaction affects earnings. Hedges of net investments in foreign subsidiaries are recognized in the cumulative translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated balance sheets to offset translation gains and losses associated with the hedged net investment. Derivatives that are entered into for risk-management purposes and are not designated as hedges (primarily related to currency derivatives other than for firm commitments) are recorded at their fair market values and recognized in current earnings.
See Note 12 for additional information relating to financial instruments.
Goodwill
–
Acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method which requires allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired is recorded as goodwill. Allocations of the purchase price are based on preliminary estimates and assumptions at the date of acquisition and are subject to revision based on final information received, including appraisals and other analyses which support underlying estimates.
The company performs a goodwill impairment test annually as of October 1 or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred. The impairment test allows an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than carrying value. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than carrying value then the company will estimate and compare the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying value, including goodwill. Reporting units are determined based on one level below the operating segment level. The qualitative analysis of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2024 showed the fair value of the reporting units substantially exceeded the carrying value, as such further analysis was not performed.
See Note 9 for additional information relating to goodwill.
Other Intangible Assets
–
Other intangible assets, primarily customer relationships, are amortized over the estimated period of benefit. The determination of the estimated period of benefit will be dependent upon the use and underlying
51
Table of Contents
characteristics of the intangible asset. Linde evaluates the recoverability of its intangible assets subject to amortization when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. If the carrying value is not