global credit and equity markets, from time to time, could make it more difficult for Linde to obtain financing for its operations and/or could increase the cost of obtaining financing. In addition, Linde’s borrowing costs can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on its performance as measured by certain criteria such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. A decrease in these debt ratings could increase the cost of borrowing or make it more difficult to obtain financing.
An impairment of goodwill or intangible assets could negatively impact the company's financial results.
As of December 31, 2024, the net carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets was approximately $26 billion and $2 billion, respectively, primarily as a result of the business combination and the related acquisition method of accounting applied to the 2018 merger between Linde plc's predecessor companies. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the company periodically assesses these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to business, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, divestitures and sustained market capitalization declines may result in recognition of impairments to goodwill or other indefinite-lived assets. Any charges relating to such impairments could have a material adverse impact on Linde's results of operations in the periods recognized.
Catastrophic events could disrupt the operations of Linde and/or its customers and suppliers and may have a significant adverse impact on the results of operations.
The occurrence of catastrophic events or natural disasters such as extreme weather, including hurricanes and floods; health epidemics; pandemics, such as COVID-19; and acts of war or terrorism, could disrupt or delay Linde’s ability to produce and distribute its products to customers and could potentially expose Linde to third-party liability claims. In addition, such events could impact Linde’s customers and suppliers resulting in temporary or long-term outages and/or the limitation of supply of energy and other raw materials used in normal business operations. Linde evaluates the direct and indirect business risks, consults with vendors, insurance providers and industry experts, makes investments in suitably resilient design and technology, and conducts regular reviews of the business risks with management. Despite these steps, however, these situations are outside Linde’s control and may have a significant adverse impact on its financial results.
The inability to attract and retain qualified personnel may adversely impact Linde’s business.
If Linde fails to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel, it may not be able to develop, market or sell its products or successfully manage its business. Linde is dependent upon a highly