both criteria. Contract liabilities include advance payments or right to consideration prior to performance under the contract. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue as performance obligations are satisfied under contract terms. Linde has contract assets of  $
338
million at March 31, 2025 (current contract assets of $
293
million and $
45
million within other long-term assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheet). Total contract assets were $
263
million at December 31, 2024, all classified as current contract assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Total contract liabilities are $
2,399
million at March 31, 2025 (current contract liabilities of $
1,196
million and $
1,203
million within other long-term liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet). Total contract liabilities were $
2,292
million at December 31, 2024 (current contract liabilities of $
1,194
million and $
1,098
million within other long-term liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet). Revenue recognized for the three months ended March 31, 2025 that was included in the contract liability at December 31, 2024 was $
380
million. Contract assets and liabilities primarily relate to the Engineering business and customer prepayments for certain on-site supply agreements.
Payment Terms and Other
Linde generally receives payment after performance obligations are satisfied, and customer prepayments are not typical for the industrial gases business. Payment terms vary based on the country where sales originate and local customary payment practices.  Linde does not offer extended financing outside of customary payment terms. Amounts billed for sales and use taxes, value-added taxes, and certain excise and other specific transactional taxes imposed on revenue producing transactions are presented on a net basis and are not included in sales within the consolidated statement of income. Additionally, sales returns and allowances are not a normal practice in the industry and are not significant.
Disaggregated Revenue Information
As described above and in Note 19 to Linde plc's 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, the company manages its industrial gases business on a geographic basis, while the Engineering and Other businesses are generally managed on a global basis. Furthermore, the company believes that reporting sales by distribution method by reportable geographic segment best illustrates the nature, timing, type of customer, and contract terms for its revenues, including terms and pricing.
The following tables show sales by distribution method at the consolidated level and for each reportable segment and Other for the three months ended March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024.
20
Table of Contents
Remaining Performance Obligations
As described above, Linde's contracts with on-site customers are under long-term supply arrangements which generally require the customer to purchase their requirements from Linde and also have minimum purchase