Currently, the company self retains up to $10 million per occurrence for vehicle liability in the United States and $5 million per occurrence for workers' compensation and general liability. Through December 31, 2024, the company self retained risk up to €5 to €7.5 million at its various properties worldwide for property damage resulting from fire, flood and other perils affecting its properties along with a separate €5 to €7.5 million deductible on business interruption resulting from a major peril loss. As of January 1, 2025 Linde has a captive insurance company that provides coverage for up to $50 million per event, and $100 million, in the annual aggregate, of losses above local deductibles for property damage and business interruption at the group’s sites globally. To mitigate the risk of losses above these self retention levels, the company purchases catastrophic insurance coverage from highly rated insurance companies.
23
Table of Contents
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the company had recorded a total of $80 million and $75 million, respectively, representing an estimate of the retained liability for the ultimate cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet dates. The estimated liability is established using statistical analysis and is based upon historical experience, actuarial assumptions and professional judgment. These estimates are subject to the effects of trends in loss severity and frequency and are subject to a significant degree of inherent variability. If actual claims differ from the company’s estimates, they will be adjusted at that time and financial results could be impacted.
Linde recognizes estimated insurance proceeds relating to damages at the time of loss only to the extent of incurred losses. Any insurance recoveries for business interruption and for property damages in excess of the net book value of the property are recognized only when realized or pending payments confirmed by its insurance companies.
SEGMENT DISCUSSION
Linde’s operations consist of two major product lines: industrial gases and engineering. As further described in the following paragraph, Linde’s industrial gases operations are managed on a geographic basis, which represents three of the company's reportable segments - Americas, EMEA (Europe/Middle East/Africa), and APAC (Asia/South Pacific); a fourth reportable segment, which represents the company's Engineering business, designs and manufactures equipment for air separation and other industrial gas applications specifically for end customers and is managed on a worldwide basis operating in all geographic segments.  Other consists of corporate costs and a few smaller businesses which individually do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate presentation.
The industrial gases product line centers on the manufacturing and distribution of atmospheric gases (oxygen, nitrogen, argon, rare gases) and process gases (hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, electronic