other variables held constant, would change Linde’s pension expense by approximately $4 million and would impact the PBO by approximately $33 million.
Asset Impairments
Goodwill and Other Indefinite-Lived Intangibles Assets
At December 31, 2024, the company had goodwill of $25,937 million and $1,650 million of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. Goodwill represents the aggregate of the excess consideration paid for acquired businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired.  Indefinite-lived other intangibles relate to the Linde name.
The company performs a goodwill impairment test annually as of October 1 or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred. The impairment test performed during the fourth quarter of 2024 indicated no impairment. At December 31, 2024, Linde’s enterprise value was approximately $215 billion (outstanding shares multiplied by the year-end stock price plus net debt, and without any control premium) while its total capital was approximately $56 billion.
The impairment test allows an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than carrying value.  If it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than carrying value then the company will estimate and compare the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying value, including goodwill. Reporting units are determined based on one level below the operating segment level.
Management believes that the quantitative and qualitative factors used to perform its annual goodwill impairment assessment are appropriate and reasonable. Although the 2024 assessment indicated that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, changes in circumstances or conditions affecting this analysis could have a significant impact on the fair value determination, which could then result in a material impairment charge to the company's results of operations.
Other indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred, and no impairments were indicated.
See Notes 9 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
33
Table of Contents
Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and finite-lived other intangible assets, are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an individual asset or asset group may not be recoverable.  For purposes of this test, asset groups are determined based upon the lowest level for which there are independent and identifiable cash flows.  Based upon Linde's business model an asset group may be a single plant and related assets used to support on-site, merchant and packaged gas customers.