the fire was attributable to the quality of construction and assembly work, responsibilities falling under the scope of Nipigas. On October 29, 2024, Gazprom submitted a claim to the Arbitration State Court in the Amur Region, Russia (“Amur Court”) against Linde claiming damages and lost profits arising from the fire incidents.
As of December 31, 2024, Linde has a contingent liability of $
0.7
billion for this and other Amur GPP contract matters. It is difficult to estimate the timing of resolution of this matter. The company intends to vigorously defend its interests in this case.
Commitments
At December 31, 2024, Linde had undrawn outstanding letters of credit, bank guarantees and surety bonds valued at approximately $
3,377
million from financial institutions. These relate primarily to customer contract performance guarantees (including plant construction in connection with certain on-site contracts), self-insurance claims and other commercial and governmental requirements, including non-U.S. litigation matters.
Other commitments related to leases, tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions, long-term debt, other post retirement and pension obligations are summarized elsewhere in the financial statements (see Notes 4, 5, 11, and 16).
NOTE 18.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
Linde’s operations consist of
two
major product lines: industrial gases and engineering. As further described in the following paragraph, Linde’s industrial gases operations are managed on a geographic basis, which represent
three
of the company's reportable segments - Americas, EMEA (Europe/Middle East/Africa), and APAC (Asia/South Pacific); a
four
th reportable segment, which represents the company's Engineering business, designs and manufactures equipment for air separation and other industrial gas applications specifically for end customers and is managed on a worldwide basis operating in all
three
geographic segments. Other consists of corporate costs and a few smaller businesses, which individually do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate presentation.
The industrial gases product line centers on the manufacturing and distribution of atmospheric gases (oxygen, nitrogen, argon, rare gases) and process gases (hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, electronic gases, specialty gases, acetylene). Many of these products are co-products of the same manufacturing process. Linde manufactures and distributes nearly all of its products and manages its customer relationships on a regional basis. Linde’s industrial gases are distributed to various end-markets within a regional segment through one of
three
basic distribution methods: on-site or tonnage; merchant or bulk; and packaged or cylinder gases. The distribution methods are generally integrated in order to best meet the customer’s needs and very few of its products can be economically transported outside of a region. Therefore, the distribution economics are specific to the various geographies in which the