measurement date to determine annual pension expense. The market-related value recognizes investment gains or losses over a five-year period. As a result, changes in the fair value of assets from year to year are not immediately reflected in the company’s annual pension expense. Instead, annual pension expense in future periods will be impacted as deferred investment gains or losses are r
ecognized in the market-related value of assets over the five-year period. The consolidated market-related value of assets was $8,839 million, or $713 million higher than the fair value of assets of $8,126 million at
December 31, 2024
. These net deferred investment losses of $713 million wil
l be recognized in the calculation of the market-related value of assets ratably over the next four years and will impact future pension expense. Future actual investment gains or losses will impact the market-related value of assets and, therefore, will impact future annual pension expense in a similar manner.
Discount rates are used to calculate the present value of plan liabilities and pension costs and are determined annually by management. The company measures the service and interest cost components of pension and OPEB expense for significant U.S. and non-U.S. plans using the spot rate approach. U.S. plans that do not use the spot rate approach continue to determine discount rates by using a cash flow matching model provided by the company's independent actuaries. The model includes a portfolio of corporate bonds graded AA or better by at least half of the ratings agencies and matches the U.S. plans' projected cash flows to the calculated spot rates. Discount rates for the remaining Non-U.S. plans are based on market yields for high-quality fixed income investments representing the approximate duration of the pension liabilities on the measurement date. Refer to Note 16 to the consolidated financial stat
ements for a summary of the discount rates used to calculate plan liabilities and benefit costs, and to the Retirement Benefits section of the Consolidated Results and Other Information section of this MD&A for a further discussion of
2024
benefit costs. A 0.50% reduction in discount rates, with all other variables held constant, would increase Linde’s pension expense by approximately $1 million whereas a 0.50% increase in discount rates would result in a decrease of $5 million. A 0.50% reduction in discount rates would increase the PBO by approximately $429 million
whereas a 0.50% increase in discount rates would have a favorable impact to the PBO of approximately $392 million.
The weighted-average expected rate of compensation increase was 3.50% for U.S. plans and 2.55% for non-U.S. plans at December 31, 2024 (3.50% and 2.58%, respectively, at December 31, 2023). The estimated annual compensation increase is determined by management every year and is based on historical trends and market indices.
A 0.50% change in the expected rate of compensation increase, with all