performance condition will be achieved.
See Note 15 for additional disclosures relating to share-based compensation.
Reclassifications
– Certain prior years’ amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards
Accounting Standards Implemented in 2024
Improvements to Reportable Segments Disclosures
- In November 2023, the FASB issued guidance requiring enhanced disclosure related to reportable segments. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The adoption of this standard includes enhanced disclosure of the company's segment reporting as it relates to the CODM's title and position, how the CODM uses the reported measure of segment's profit or loss, and the inclusion of significant expense categories and amounts that are regularly provided to the CODM and included in reported segment profit or loss (See Note 18).
Accounting Standards to be Implemented
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
- In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance requiring enhanced disclosure related to income taxes. The standard requires additional or modified disclosures related to the income tax rate reconciliation, disaggregation of income taxes paid, and several other disclosures. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard will only impact disclosures within the company's consolidated financial statements and the company is evaluating the impact this guidance will have on those disclosures.
52
Table of Contents
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
- In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance requiring disaggregated disclosure of income statement expenses. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods with fiscal years after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard will only impact disclosures within the company's consolidated financial statements and the company is evaluating the impact this guidance will have on those disclosures.
NOTE 2.
ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES
Acquisitions
Acquisitions were $
317
million, $
953
million and $
110
million for the years ended December 31, 2024,  2023 and 2022, respectively. Acquisitions in 2024 and 2023 primarily related to the Americas. Acquisitions in 2022 primarily related to the Americas and EMEA.
2023 Acquisition of nexAir, LLC
On January 5, 2023, Linde completed the acquisition of nexAir, LLC, a gas distribution and welding supply company in the United States, in order to further expand the company’s geographic footprint into different regions.  Prior to completion of the acquisition, Linde held a
23
% interest in nexAir, LLC.  Pursuant to a signed purchase agreement between Linde and nexAir, LLC, Linde purchased the remaining
77
% ownership interest in