million in 2024.  For additional information related to the share repurchase programs, see Part II Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.
Cash dividends of $708 million increased $39 million from 2024 driven primarily by a 8% increase in quarterly dividends per share from $1.39 per share to $1.50 per share, partially offset by lower shares outstanding. Cash used for Noncontrolling interest transactions and other was $73 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 versus cash used of  $189 million for the respective 2024 period primarily driven by lower cash requirements for financing related derivatives and withholding taxes related to share-based compensation arrangements.
The company continues to believe it has sufficient operating flexibility, cash, and funding sources to maintain adequate amounts of liquidity to meet its business needs around the world. The company maintains a $5 billion and a $1.5 billion unsecured and undrawn revolving credit agreement with no associated financial covenants. No borrowings were outstanding under the credit agreements as of March 31, 2025. The company does not anticipate any limitations on its ability to access the debt capital markets and/or other external funding sources and remains committed to its strong ratings from Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s.
Legal Proceedings
See Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
33
Table of Contents
NON-GAAP MEASURES AND RECONCILIATIONS
(Millions of dollars, except per share data)
The following non-GAAP measures are intended to supplement investors’ understanding of the company’s financial information by providing measures which investors, financial analysts and management use to help evaluate the company’s operating performance and liquidity.  Items which the company does not believe to be indicative of on-going business trends are excluded from these calculations so that investors can better evaluate and analyze historical and future business trends on a consistent basis.  Definitions of these non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similar definitions used by other companies and are not a substitute for similar GAAP measures.
34
Table of Contents
35
Table of Contents
36
Table of Contents
Supplemental Guarantee Information
On May 3, 2023, the company filed a Form S-3 Registration Statement with the SEC ("the Registration Statement").
Linde plc may offer debt securities, preferred shares, depositary shares and ordinary shares under the Registration Statement, and debt securities exchangeable for or convertible into preferred shares, ordinary shares or other debt securities. Debt securities of Linde plc may be guaranteed by Linde Inc and/or Linde GmbH. Linde plc may provide guarantees of debt securities offered by its wholly owned subsidiaries Linde Inc. or Linde Finance under the Registration Statement.
Linde Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Linde plc. Linde Inc. may offer debt securities under the Registration