For 2025, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets will be
7.00
% for the U.S. plans and
6.02
% for non-U.S. plans.
Pension Plan Assets
The investments of the U.S. pension plan are managed to meet the future expected benefit liabilities of the plan over the long term by investing in diversified portfolios consistent with prudent diversification and historical and expected capital market returns. Investment strategies are reviewed by management and investment performance is tracked against appropriate benchmarks. There are no concentrations of risk as it relates to the assets within the plans. The non-U.S. pension plans are managed individually based on diversified investment portfolios, with different target asset allocations that vary for each plan.
Weighted-average asset allocations at December 31, 2024 and 2023 for Linde’s U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, as well as respective asset allocation ranges by major asset category, are generally as follows:
79
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes pension assets measured at fair value by asset category at
December 31, 2024
and
2023
.  Transfers of assets were not material for the year ended
December 31, 2024
and
2023
. See
Note 13
for the definition of levels within the fair value hierarchy:
* Pooled funds are measured using the net asset value ("NAV") as a practical expedient for fair value as permissible under the accounting standard for fair value measurements and have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy.
** The following table summarizes changes in fair value of the pension plan assets classified as level 3 for the periods ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:
The descriptions and fair value methodologies for the company's pension plan assets are as follows:
80
Table of Contents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
– This category includes cash and short-term interest bearing investments with maturities of three months or less. Investments are valued at cost plus accrued interest. Cash and cash equivalents are classified within level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.
Equity Securities
– This category is comprised of shares of common stock in U.S. and non-U.S. companies from a diverse set of industries and size. Common stock is valued at the closing market price reported on a U.S. or non-U.S. exchange where the security is actively traded. Equity securities are classified within level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.
Mutual Funds
– These categories consist of publicly and privately managed funds that invest primarily in marketable equity and fixed income securities. The fair value of these investments is determined by reference to the net asset value of the underlying securities of the fund. Shares of publicly traded mutual funds are valued at the net asset value quoted on the exchange where the fund is traded and are primarily classified as level 1 within the valuation hierarchy.
Emerging Market Debt -
This category includes fixed income debt issued by countries with developing