reports to the CIO and is supported by a global IT security team.
ITEM 2.     PROPERTIES
Linde's principal executive offices are located in leased office space in Woking, United Kingdom and owned office space in Danbury, Connecticut. Linde also owns principal administrative office space in Tonawanda, New York, United States and Pullach, Germany.
Due to the nature of Linde’s industrial gas products, it is generally uneconomical to transport most products distances greater than a few hundred miles from the production facility. As a result, Linde operates a significant number of production facilities spread globally throughout a number of geographic regions.
The following is a description of production facilities for Linde by segment. No significant portion of these assets was leased at December 31, 2024. Generally, these facilities are utilized and are sufficient to meet the company's manufacturing needs.
13
Table of Contents
Americas
The Americas segment operates production facilities primarily in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Brazil, approximately 350 of which are mainly cryogenic air separation plants, hydrogen plants and carbon dioxide plants. There are five major pipeline complexes in North America located in northern Indiana, Houston, along the Gulf Coast of Texas, Detroit and Louisiana. Also located throughout the Americas are noncryogenic air separation plants, packaged gas facilities and other smaller plant facilities.
EMEA
The EMEA segment has production facilities primarily in Germany, the U.K., Eastern Europe, France, Sweden and the Republic of South Africa which include approximately 275 cryogenic air separation plants and carbon dioxide plants. Also located throughout Europe are noncryogenic air separation plants, pipelines, hydrogen, packaged gas facilities and other smaller plant facilities.
APAC
The APAC segment has production facilities located primarily in China, Australia, India, South Korea and Thailand, approximately 230 of which are cryogenic air separation plants and carbon dioxide plants. Also located throughout Asia are noncryogenic air separation plants, pipelines, hydrogen, packaged gas and other production facilities.
Engineering
The Engineering business designs and constructs turnkey process plants for third-party customers as well as for the gases businesses in many locations worldwide, such as air separation, hydrogen, synthesis, olefin and natural gas plants. Plant components are produced in owned factories in Tacherting, Germany; Hesingue, France; New York and Oklahoma, United States; and Dalian, China.
ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements – 17. Commitments and Contingencies” in Item 8 of this 10-K.
ITEM 4.     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not Applicable.
PART II
ITEM 5.     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Linde plc