Currency translation decreased sales by 3% in the first quarter,
driven primarily by the weakening of the Euro against the U.S. dollar.
Volumes decreased sales by 3% in the quarter, primarily driven by the metals & mining and chemicals & energy end markets.
Operating Profit
Operating profit for the EMEA segment increased by $35 million, or 5%, in the first quarter compared to the respective 2024 period. The increase in the first quarter was driven primarily by higher pricing and continued productivity initiatives, partially offset by cost inflation, lower volumes and currency translation.
APAC
The APAC segment includes Linde's industrial gases operations in approximately 20 Asian and South Pacific countries and regions including China, Australia, India, and South Korea.
Sales
Sales for the APAC segment decreased $52 million, or 3%, in the first quarter versus the respective 2024 period.
Currency translation decreased sales by 2% in the quarter, primarily due to the weakening of the Korean won and Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar. Volumes
decreased sales by 1%
in the quarter as
base volume declines primarily in metals & mining
29
Table of Contents
and manufacturing were partially offset by new project start-ups
. Price, c
ost pass-through and acquisitions & divestitures were flat in the first quarter
.
Operating profit
Operating profit in the APAC segment increased $4 million, or
1%,
in the first quarter driven primarily by productivity initiatives, which more than offset cost inflation and currency translation.
Engineering
Sales
Engineering segment sales increased $26 million, or 5%, in the first quarter as compared to the respective 2024 period, driven by project timing.
Currency translation decreased sales by
2% in the quarter, primarily due to the weakening of the Euro against the U.S. dollar.
Operating profit
Engineering segment operating profit increased $14 million, or 14%, in the first quarter compared to the respective 2024 period primarily driven by project timing.
Other
30
Table of Contents
Other consists of corporate costs and a few smaller businesses including Linde Advanced Material Technologies (LAMT) and global helium wholesale, which individually do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate presentation.
Sales
Sales for Other decreased $8 million, or 3%, for the first quarter versus the respective 2024 period. Underlying s
ales
decreased
by 2% in the quarter primarily due to lower volumes in global helium. Currency translation
decreased
sales by
1% in the quarter.
Operating profit
Operating profit in Other decreased $5 million in the first quarter versus the respective 2024 period. The decrease in the quarter was driven by higher costs due to helium and an insurance recovery in 2024, partially offset by
lower corporate costs and continued productivity initiatives
.
Currency
The results of Linde's non-U.S. operations are translated to the company’s reporting currency, the U.S. dollar, from the functional