agreements Linde secured judgements reenforcing jurisdiction of the agreements with RCA outside of Russia and ordering the St. Petersburg proceedings stayed and injunctions lifted. However, RCA has continued to pursue its claims in Russia and during the fourth quarter of 2024 two Linde Russian joint ventures were sold locally pursuant to a St. Petersburg court order and the proceeds provided to RCA. Linde does not expect a material adverse impact on earnings given the $
1.7
billion liabilities recorded as of December 31, 2024 and the immaterial investment value of its remaining deconsolidated Russia subsidiaries. Please see further detail on the Russia legal cases below.
RCA LNG and GPP
In December 2022, the St. Petersburg Court issued an injunction preventing (i) the sale of any shares in Linde’s subsidiaries and joint ventures in Russia, and (ii) the disposal of any of the assets in those entities exceeding
5
% of the relevant company’s overall asset value. RusChemAlliance is owned
50
% by PJSC Gazprom. The injunction was requested by RCA to secure payment of a possible award under an arbitration proceeding RCA intended to file against Linde Engineering for alleged breach of contract under the agreement to build a gas processing plant in Russia entered into in July 2021. In March 2023, RCA filed a claim in St. Petersburg against Linde GmbH for recovery of advance payments under the agreement ("GPP Claim"), and subsequently (i) added Linde and other Linde subsidiaries as defendants, and (ii) is seeking payment of alleged damages from Linde and guarantor banks.  In March 2024, RCA filed a similar claim for repayment and damages against Linde for alleged breach of contract under the agreement to build a liquefied natural gas plant in Russia entered into in September 2021 (“LNG Claim”, and together with the GPP Claim, the “Russian Claims”).
Dispute resolution provisions
In accordance with the dispute resolution provisions of the agreements, in 2023, Linde filed a notice of arbitration with the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre ("HKIAC") against RCA to claim that (i) RCA has no entitlement to payment, (ii) RCA’s Russian Claims are in breach of the arbitration agreement which requires HKIAC arbitration, and (iii) RCA must compensate Linde for the losses and damages caused by the injunction. During 2024, Linde secured awards on exclusive jurisdiction with HKIAC.
In January 2024, the Hong Kong court issued a final judgment in Linde’s favor (i) granting a permanent anti-suit injunction against RCA to seek a stay of the GPP claim and not start an LNG claim, (ii) granting a permanent, global anti-enforcement injunction against RCA for the GPP claim, and (iii) ordering that the injunction issued by the St. Petersburg Court be lifted (“HK Court Judgement”).
Despite the judgments of the Hong Kong court and similar orders issued by the HKIAC arbitration tribunals, RCA is continuing to pursue its claims in Russia and neither the St. Petersburg