gases (oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and rare gases) and process gases (hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, electronic gases, specialty gases, and acetylene, etc.). The company also designs and builds equipment that produces industrial gases and offers customers a wide range of gas production and processing services such as olefin plants, natural gas plants, air separation plants, hydrogen and synthesis gas plants and other types of plants.
Linde serves a diverse group of industries including healthcare, chemicals and energy, manufacturing, metals and mining, food and beverage, and electronics.
Linde’s sales were $33,005 million, $32,854 million, and $33,364 million for 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Refer to
Item 7
, Management's Discussion and Analysis, for a discussion of consolidated sales and Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to Linde’s reportable segments.
Industrial Gases Products and Manufacturing Processes
Atmospheric gases are the highest volume products produced by Linde. Using ambient air as feedstock, Linde produces oxygen, nitrogen and argon through several air separation processes of which cryogenic air separation is the most prevalent. Linde is the market leader in the field of non-cryogenic air separation technologies for the production of industrial gases. As part of this process Linde also produces rare gases, such as krypton, neon, and xenon.  As a pioneer and leader in industrial gases, Linde is continuously developing a wide range of proprietary and patented applications and technologies to produce, store, distribute and increase usage of its gases. These technologies open important new markets and provide customers with opportunities to reduce costs, by increasing their operational efficiencies, including vacuum pressure swing adsorption (“VPSA”) and membrane separation technology to produce gaseous oxygen and nitrogen on-site.
Process gases, including hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, specialty gases and acetylene are produced by other production methods.
Hydrogen is produced from a range of different feedstocks using a wide portfolio of technologies. Today, carbon intensity is used to designate and differentiate between the production processes and the respective feedstocks used to produce the molecule. The majority of conventional hydrogen currently produced by Linde is derived from natural gas or methane, using steam methane reformation (SMR) or auto-thermal reforming (ATR) technology. Linde has a range of technologies to produce low-carbon hydrogen from fossil feedstocks, or renewable hydrogen from renewable energy (non-fossil feedstock). Both products are considered sources of clean energy. Low-carbon (blue) hydrogen is produced primarily from methane, by capturing carbon emissions from a hydrogen production plant and sequestering them subsurface for the long term. Renewable (green) hydrogen is produced by electrolysis using renewable