recorded in each subsequent period. The company’s asset-retirement obligations are primarily associated with its on-site long-term supply arrangements where the company has built a facility on land leased from the customer and is obligated to remove the facility at the end of the contract term. The company's asset-retirement obligations are not material to its consolidated financial statements.
Foreign Currency Translation
–
For most foreign operations, the local currency is the functional currency and translation gains and losses are reported as part of the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component of equity as a cumulative translation adjustment (see Note 7).
Financial Instruments
–
Linde enters into various derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to fluctuating interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity pricing and energy costs. Such instruments primarily include interest-rate swap and treasury rate lock agreements; currency-swap agreements; forward contracts; currency options; and commodity-swap agreements. These instruments are not entered into for trading purposes. Linde only uses commonly traded and non-leveraged instruments.
There are
three
types of derivatives the company enters into: (i) those relating to fair-value exposures, (ii) those relating to cash-flow exposures, and (iii) those relating to foreign currency net investment exposures. Fair-value exposures relate to recognized assets or liabilities, and firm commitments; cash-flow exposures relate to the variability of future cash flows associated with recognized assets or liabilities, or forecasted transactions; and net investment exposures relate to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes on the carrying value of net assets denominated in foreign currencies.
When a derivative is executed and hedge accounting is appropriate, it is designated as either a fair-value hedge, cash-flow hedge, or a net investment hedge. Currently, Linde designates all interest-rate and treasury rate locks as hedges for accounting purposes; however, currency contracts are generally not designated as hedges for accounting purposes unless they are related to forecasted transactions. Whether designated as hedges for accounting purposes or not, all derivatives are linked to an appropriate underlying exposure. On an ongoing basis, the company assesses the hedge effectiveness of all derivatives designated as hedges for accounting purposes to determine if they continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the underlying hedged items. If it is determined that the hedge is not highly effective, then hedge accounting will be discontinued prospectively.
Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair-value hedges are recognized in earnings as an offset to the change in the fair values of the underlying exposures being hedged. The changes in fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash-flow hedges are