L’Air Liquide S.A., Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., Messer Group GmbH, Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings Corporation (through Taiyo Nippon Sanso Corporation) as well as an extensive number of small to medium size independent industrial gas companies which compete locally as producers or distributors. In addition, a significant portion of the international gases market relates to customer-owned plants.
Employees
– The company sources talent from an ever-changing and competitive environment. The ability to source and retain qualified and committed employees is a prerequisite for the company’s success, and represents a general risk for Linde.
The Board of Directors ("Board") has established a strategic business objective to maintain world-class standards in talent management. Executive variable compensation is assessed annually based on performance in financial measures as well as in several strategic non-financial areas, including talent management.  The Human Capital Committee assists the Board in its oversight of Linde’s compensation policies and programs, particularly in regard to reviewing executive compensation for Linde’s executive officers. The Human Capital Committee also annually reviews the company’s management development and succession programs, diversity policies and objectives, and the associated programs to achieve those objectives. The global head of Human Resources reports to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO").
Linde has aligned inclusion as a core value with its business strategies and implemented inclusive workforce development planning into business process and performance management. Advancing inclusivity is a line management responsibility and Linde seeks competitive advantage through proactive management of its talent pipeline and recruiting processes. Linde provides equal employment opportunity, and recruits, hires, promotes and compensates people based solely on their performance and ability.
Employees receive a competitive salary and variable compensation components based on performance and job level. Linde has collective bargaining agreements with unions at numerous locations throughout the world. Additional benefits are offered such as occupational pensions and contributions towards health insurance or medical screening, reflecting regional conditions and local competition. Senior managers participate directly in the company’s growth in value through the Long Term Incentive Plan of Linde plc. In addition, annually managers have the ability to grant leadership equity awards under the Long Term Incentive Plan to certain eligible employees. Linde also invests in professional development of its employees through formal and on-the-job training.
As of December 31, 2024, Linde had 65,289 employees worldwide comprised of approximately 28 percent women and 72 percent men. The total professional workforce is comprised of approximately 29 percent women and 71 percent men.
Environment
– Information required by this item is