Plan was amended to give participating employees a one-time irrevocable choice between a traditional benefit (the “Traditional Design”) and an account-based benefit (the “Account-Based Design”). The Traditional Design pays a monthly benefit based on years of service and average pay during the last years of the participant’s career with Linde. The Account-Based Design gives participants annual pay credits equal to
4
% of eligible compensation, plus interest credits based on long-term treasury rates on the accumulated account balance. This new formula applies to all new employees hired after April 30, 2002 into businesses adopting this plan. The U.S. pension plan assets are comprised of a diversified mix of investments, including corporate equities, government securities and corporate debt securities. Linde has several plans that provide supplementary retirement benefits primarily to higher level employees that are unfunded and are nonqualified for federal tax purposes. Pension coverage for employees of certain of Linde’s non-U.S. subsidiaries generally is provided by those companies through separate plans. Obligations under such plans are primarily provided for through diversified investment portfolios, with some smaller plans provided for under insurance policies or by book reserves.
Defined Benefit Pension Plans - Non-U.S.
Linde has Non-U.S., defined benefit commitments primarily in Germany and the U.K that include pension plan assets comprised of a diversified mix of investments. The defined benefit commitments in Germany relate to old age pensions, invalidity pensions and surviving dependents pensions. These commitments also take into account vested rights for periods of service prior to January 1, 2002 based on earlier final-salary pension plan rules. In addition, there are direct commitments in respect of the salary conversion scheme for the form of cash balance plans. The resulting pension payments are calculated on the basis of an interest guarantee and the performance of the corresponding investment. There are no minimum funding requirements. The pension obligations in Germany are partly funded by a Contractual Trust Agreement. Defined benefit commitments in the U.K. prior to July 1, 2003 are earnings-related and dependent on the period of service. Such commitments relate to old age pensions, invalidity pensions and surviving dependents pensions. Beginning in April 1, 2011, the amount of future increases in inflation-linked pensions and of increases in pensionable emoluments was restricted.
Multi-employer Pension Plans
In the United States Linde participates in
eight
multi-employer defined benefit pension plans ("MEPs"), pursuant to the terms of collective bargaining agreements, that cover approximately
200
union-represented employees. The collective bargaining agreements expire on different dates through 2029. In connection with such agreements, the company is required to make periodic contributions to the MEPs in accordance with the