other economic, political and regulatory policies of local governments. Also, see Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and Item 7A. “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.”
Seasonality –
Linde’s business is generally not subject to seasonal fluctuations to any significant extent.
Research and Development
– Linde’s research and development is directed toward development of gas processing, separation and liquefaction technologies, and clean energy technologies; improving distribution of industrial gases and the development of new markets and applications for these gases. This results in the development of new advanced air separation, hydrogen, synthesis gas, natural gas, adsorption and chemical process technologies; novel clean energy and carbon management solutions; as well as the frequent introduction of new industrial gas applications. Research and
5
Table of Contents
development is primarily conducted in Pullach, Germany, Tonawanda, New York, Burr Ridge, Illinois and Shanghai, China.
Patents and Trademarks
– Linde owns or licenses a large number of patents that relate to a wide variety of products and processes. Linde’s patents expire at various times over the next 20 years. While these patents and licenses are considered important to its individual businesses, Linde does not consider its business as a whole to be materially dependent upon any one particular patent, or patent license, or family of patents. Linde also owns a large number of trademarks, of which the "Linde" trademark is the most significant.
Raw Materials and Energy Costs
– Energy is the single largest cost item in the production and distribution of industrial gases. Most of Linde’s energy requirements are in the form of electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel for distribution.  The company mitigates electricity, natural gas, and hydrocarbon price fluctuations contractually through pricing formulas, surcharges, cost pass–through and tolling arrangements.
The supply of energy has not typically been a significant issue in the geographic areas where the company conducts business. However, energy availability and price is unpredictable and may pose future risks.
For hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and specialty gases, raw materials are largely purchased from outside sources. Linde has contracts or commitments for, or readily available sources of, most of these raw materials; however, their long-term availability and prices are subject to market conditions.
Competition
– Linde participates in highly competitive markets in industrial gases and engineering, which are characterized by a mixture of local, regional and global players, all of which exert competitive pressure on the parties.  In locations where Linde has pipeline networks, which enable the company to provide reliable and economic supply of products to larger customers, Linde derives a competitive advantage.
Competitors in the industrial gases industry include global and regional companies such as