prospectively.
Counterparties to Linde’s derivatives are major banking institutions with credit ratings of investment grade or better. The company has Credit Support Annexes ("CSAs") in place for certain entities with their principal counterparties to minimize potential default risk and to mitigate counterparty risk. Under the CSAs, the fair values of derivatives for the purpose of interest rate and currency management are collateralized with cash on a regular basis. As of December 31, 2024, the impact of such collateral posting arrangements on the fair value of derivatives was insignificant. Management believes the risk of incurring losses on derivative contracts related to credit risk is remote and any losses would be immaterial.
The following table is a summary of the notional amount and fair value of derivatives outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023 for consolidated subsidiaries:
(a) Amounts at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, included current assets of $
302
million and $
73
million, which are recorded in prepaid and other current assets; long-term assets of $
4
million and $
8
million, which are recorded in other long-term assets; current liabilities of $
92
million and $
41
million, which are recorded in other current liabilities; and long-term liabilities of $
9
million and $
6
million, which are recorded in other long-term liabilities.
In addition, during 2024, Linde issued credit default swaps (“CDS”) to third-party financial institutions. The CDS relate to secured borrowings provided by the financial institutions to a government customer in Mexico, that were utilized to pay certain of Linde’s outstanding receivables. The notional amount of the CDS, which was $
198
million and $
60
million for the two programs as of December 31, 2024, will reduce on a monthly basis over their respective
24
-month and
22
-month terms. As of December 31, 2024, the fair value of both derivative liabilities were not material.
69
Table of Contents
Balance Sheet Items
Foreign currency contracts related to balance sheet items consist of forward contracts entered into to manage the exposure to fluctuations in foreign-currency exchange rates on recorded balance sheet assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the related operating unit. Certain forward currency contracts are entered into to protect underlying monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies from foreign exchange risk and are not designated as hedging instruments. For balance sheet items that are not designated as hedging instruments, the fair value adjustments on these contracts are offset by the fair value adjustments recorded on the underlying monetary assets and liabilities.
Forecasted Transactions
Foreign currency contracts related to forecasted transactions consist of forward contracts entered into to manage the exposure to fluctuations in foreign-currency exchange rates on (1) forecasted purchases of capital-related