are usually three to seven-year requirement contracts.
Packaged Gases.
Customers requiring small volumes are supplied products in metal containers called cylinders, under medium to high pressure. Packaged gases include atmospheric gases, hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, acetylene and related products. Linde also produces and distributes in cylinders a wide range of specialty gases and mixtures. Cylinders may be delivered to the customer’s site or picked up by the customer at a packaging facility or retail store. Packaged gases are generally sold under one to three-year supply contracts and through purchase orders.
Engineering
Linde’s Engineering business has a global presence, with its focus on market segments such as air separation, hydrogen, synthesis, olefin and natural gas plants. The company utilizes its extensive process engineering expertise in the planning, design and construction of highly efficient plants for the production and processing of gases. With its state-of-the-art sustainable technologies Engineering also helps customers avoid, capture and utilize carbon dioxide emissions. Its technology portfolio covers the entire value chain for production, liquefaction, storage, distribution and application of hydrogen which supports the transition to clean energy. Its digital services and solutions increase plant efficiency and performance.
Linde's plants are used in a wide variety of fields: in the petrochemical and chemical industries, in refineries and fertilizer plants, to recover air gases, to produce synthesis gases, to treat natural gas and to produce noble gases.  The Engineering business either supplies plant components directly to the customer or to the industrial gas business of Linde which operates the plants under a long-term gases supply contract.
Inventories
– Linde carries inventories of merchant and cylinder gases and hardgoods to supply products to its customers on a reasonable delivery schedule. On-site plants and pipeline complexes have limited inventory.
In
ventory obsolescence is not material to Linde’s business.
Customers
– Linde is not dependent upon a single customer or a few customers.
International
– Linde is a global enterprise with approximately 65% of its 2024 sales outside of the United States. The company also has majority or wholly owned subsidiaries that operate in approximately 45 European, Middle Eastern and African countries (including Germany, the United Kingdom (U.K.), France, Sweden, and the Republic of South Africa); approximately 20 Asian and South Pacific countries (including China, Australia, India and South Korea); and approximately 20 countries in North and South America (including U.S., Canada, Mexico and Brazil).
The company also has equity method investments operating in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.
Linde’s non-U.S. business is subject to risks customarily encountered in non-U.S. operations, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, import and export controls, and