economies as well as by corporations within those nations. They typically have higher yields but lower credit ratings relative to developed country corporate and government bonds. The fair values for these investments are classified as level 2 within the valuation hierarchy.
U.S. and Non-U.S. Government Bonds –
This category includes U.S. treasuries, U.S. federal agency obligations and non-U.S. government debt. The majority of these investments do not have quoted market prices available for a specific government security and so the fair value is determined using quoted prices of similar securities in active markets and is classified as level 2 within the valuation hierarchy.
Corporate Bonds
– This category is comprised of corporate bonds of U.S. and non-U.S. companies from a diverse set of industries and size. The fair values for U.S. and non-U.S. corporate bonds are determined using quoted prices of similar securities in active markets and observable data or broker or dealer quotations. The fair values for these investments are classified as level 2 within the valuation hierarchy.
Pooled Funds -
Pooled fund NAVs are provided by the trustee and are determined by reference to the fair value of the underlying securities of the trust, less its liabilities, which are valued primarily through the use of directly or indirectly observable inputs. Depending on the pooled fund, underlying securities may include marketable equity securities or fixed income securities.
Bank Loans -
This category is comprised of traded syndicated loans of larger corporate borrowers. Such loans are issued by sub-investment grade rated companies both in the U.S. and internationally and are syndicated by investment banks to institutional investors. They are regularly traded in an active dealer market comprised of large investment banks, which supply bid and offer quotes and are therefore classified within level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.
Liquid Alternative Investments -
This category is comprised of investments in alternative mutual funds whose holdings include liquid securities, cash, and derivatives. Such funds focus on diversification and employ a variety of investing strategies including long/short equity, multi-strategy, and global macro. The fair value of these investments is determined by reference to the net asset value of the underlying holdings of the fund, which can be determined using observable data (e.g., indices, yield curves, quoted prices of similar securities), and is classified within level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.
Insurance Contracts
– This category is comprised of purchased annuity insurance contracts (annuity contract buy-ins) and is intended to mitigate the Company's exposure to certain risks, such as longevity risk. The fair value is calculated based on the cash surrender value of the purchased annuity insurance contract, which is determined based on such factors as the fair value of the underlying assets and discounted cash flows. These