has been unable to reach final agreement on the calculations and initiated litigation against the government in an attempt to resolve certain items. Open issues relate to the following matters: (i) application of cash deposits and net operating loss carryforwards to satisfy obligations and (ii) the amount of tax reductions available under the Refis Program. It is difficult to estimate the timing of resolution of legal matters in Brazil.
•
On and after April 23, 2019 former shareholders of Linde AG filed appraisal proceedings at the District Court (
Landgericht
) Munich I (Germany), seeking an increase of the cash consideration paid in connection with the previously completed cash merger squeeze-out of all of Linde AG’s minority shareholders for €
189.46
per share. Any such increase would apply to all
14,763,113
Linde AG shares that were outstanding on April 8, 2019, when the cash merger squeeze-out was completed. The period for plaintiffs to file claims expired on July 9, 2019. In November 2023, the court issued a decision rejecting the plaintiffs’ claims in their entirety and determining that the cash merger squeeze-out consideration was appropriate. The plaintiffs have appealed this decision.
The company believes the consideration paid was fair and that the claims are not supported by sufficient evidence, and no reserve has been established. We cannot estimate the timing of resolution.
•
On May 27, 2022, performance of all Linde Engineering agreements in Russia were lawfully suspended in compliance with applicable sanctions. In December 2022, at RusChemAlliance’s (RCA) request a Russian St. Petersburg court (“St. Petersburg Court”) issued an injunction preventing sale of Linde Russia subsidiaries and assets. During 2023 and 2024, in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions of the related engineering agreements Linde secured judgements reenforcing jurisdiction of the agreements with RCA outside of Russia and ordering the St. Petersburg proceedings stayed and injunctions lifted. However, RCA has continued to pursue its claims in Russia and during the fourth quarter of 2024 two Linde Russian joint ventures were sold locally pursuant to a St. Petersburg court order and the proceeds provided to RCA. Linde does not expect a material adverse impact on earnings given the $
1.8
billion liabilities recorded as of March 31, 2025 and the immaterial investment value of its remaining deconsolidated Russia subsidiaries. Please see further detail on the Russia legal cases below.
RCA LNG and GPP
In December 2022, the St. Petersburg Court issued an injunction preventing (i) the sale of any shares in Linde’s subsidiaries and joint ventures in Russia, and (ii) the disposal of any of the assets in those entities exceeding
5
% of the relevant company’s overall asset value. RusChemAlliance is owned
50
% by PJSC Gazprom. The injunction was requested by RCA to secure payment of a possible award under an arbitration proceeding RCA intended to file against Linde