climate change, Linde actively monitors current developments, evaluates the direct and indirect business risks, and takes appropriate actions. Among others, actions include: increasing relevant resources and training; maintaining contingency plans; obtaining advice and counsel from expert vendors, insurance providers and industry experts; incorporating GHG provisions in commercial agreements; and conducting regular reviews of the business risks with management. Although there are considerable uncertainties, Linde believes that the business risk from potential regulations can be effectively managed through its commercial contracts. Additionally, Linde’s plant design, operations, and risk management teams are engaged to manage and mitigate losses from physical climate change, and the company does not anticipate material effects regarding its plant operations or business arising from potential physical risks of climate change.
Linde continuously seeks opportunities to optimize energy use and GHG emissions through research and development in customer applications and operational energy efficiency, sourcing low-carbon source energy, and purchasing hydrogen as a chemical byproduct where feasible. Linde tracks GHG emission performance versus targets and reports regularly to business management and annually to Linde's Board of Directors. The Sustainability Committee is responsible for oversight of the Company's programs and policies related to environmental matters, including climate change, greenhouse gas reduction goals and decarbonization solutions, such as clean energy and carbon management.
At the same time, external factors may provide Linde with future business opportunities. Examples include current legislation, such as the Inflation Reduction Act in the U.S., which provides for investments in production of clean hydrogen and decarbonization technologies. Other factors include governmental regulation of GHG and other emissions; uncertain costs of energy and certain natural resources; the development of renewable energy alternatives; and new technologies that help extract natural gas, improve air quality, increase energy efficiency and mitigate the impacts of climate change. Linde
22
Table of Contents
continues to develop new applications that can help customers lower emissions by reducing energy consumption and increasing product throughput. Stricter regulation of water quality in emerging economies such as China provide a growing market for a number of gases, e.g., oxygen for wastewater treatment. Increased concern about drought in areas such as California and Australia may create additional markets for carbon dioxide for desalination. Renewable fuel standards in the European Union and U.S. can create a market for second-generation biofuels which use industrial gases such as oxygen, carbon dioxide, and hydrogen.
Costs Relating to the Protection of the Environment
The environmental protection costs incurred in 2024 were not significant. Linde