metals and mining, food and beverage, and electronics. The diversity of end-markets supports financial stability for Linde in varied business cycles.
Linde's industrial gas business generates most of its revenues and earnings in the following geographies where the company has its strongest market positions and where distribution and production operations allow the company to deliver the highest level of service to its customers at the lowest cost.
The company manufactures and distributes its industrial gas products through networks of thousands of production plants, pipeline complexes, distribution centers and delivery vehicles. Major pipeline complexes are primarily located in the United States and China.  These networks are a competitive advantage, providing the foundation of reliable product supply to the company’s customer base. The majority of Linde’s business is conducted through long-term contracts which provide stability in cash flow and the ability to pass through changes in energy and feedstock costs to customers. The company has growth opportunities in all major geographies and in diverse end-markets such as healthcare, chemicals and energy, manufacturing, metals and mining, food and beverage, and electronics.
17
Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY – FINANCIAL RESULTS & OUTLOOK
2024 Year in review
•
Sales of $33,005 million were flat versus 2023 sales. Sales increased 2% from higher price attainment primarily in the Americas and EMEA segments. Sales from volume were flat as growth from new project start-ups was offset by base volume declines. Cost pass-through, representing the contractual billing of energy cost variances primarily to onsite customers, decreased sales by 1% with minimal impact on operating profit. Currency translation decreased sales by 1%, largely in the Americas and APAC.
•
Reported operating profit of $8,635 million was 8% above 2023 reported operating profit of $8,024 million. Adjusted operating profit of $9,720 million was 7% above 2023 adjusted operating profit of $9,070 million. The increase in the reported and adjusted operating profit was primarily driven by higher pricing and savings from productivity initiatives in 2024. These increases more than offset the adverse impacts of cost inflation and currency translation.*
•
Net income - Linde plc of $6,565 million and diluted earnings per share of $13.62 increased from $6,199 million and $12.59, respectively in 2023. Adjusted net income - Linde plc of $7,475 million and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $15.51 were 7% above 2023 adjusted amounts.*
•
Cash flow from operations of $9,423 million was $118 million above 2023. The increase was driven by higher net income, partially offset by higher net working capital requirements, including lower inflows for contract liabilities from engineering customer advance payments and higher cash taxes. Capital expenditures were $4,497 million; dividends paid were $2,655 million; net purchases of ordinary shares were