considerable importance on accurate estimates of the extent of progress towards completion and may involve estimates on the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill the contractually defined obligations. The key source of estimation uncertainty is the total estimated costs at completion including material, labor and overhead costs and the resultant state of completion of the contracts. There are inherent uncertainties associated with the estimation process, including technical complexity, duration of construction cycle, potential cost inflation (whether equipment or manpower), and scope considerations all of which may affect the total estimation process. Changes in these estimates may lead to a significant impact on future financial statements.
Pension Benefits
Pension benefits represent financial obligations that will be ultimately settled in the future with employees who meet eligibility requirements. Because of the uncertainties involved in estimating the timing and amount of future payments, significant estimates are required to calculate pension expense and liabilities related to the company’s plans. The company utilizes the services of independent actuaries, whose models are used to facilitate these calculations.
Several key assumptions are used in actuarial models to calculate pension expense and liability amounts recorded in the financial statements. Management believes the three most significant variables in the models are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate, and the expected rate of compensation increase. The actuarial models also use assumptions for various other factors, including long-term inflation rates, employee turnover, retirement age, and mortality. Linde management believes the assumptions used in the actuarial calculations are reasonable, reflect the company’s experience and expectations for the future and are within accepted practices in each of the respective geographic locations in which it operates. Actual results in any given year will often differ from actuarial assumptions because of economic and other factors. The sensitivities to each of the key assumptions presented below exclude the impact of special items that occurred during the year.
The weighted-average expected long-term rates of return on pension plan assets were 7.00% for U.S. plans and 6.02% for non-U.S. plans at December 31, 2024 (7.00% and 5.64%, respectively at December 31, 2023). The expected long-term rate of return on the U.S. and Non-U.S. plan assets is estimated based on the plans' investment strategy and asset allocation, historical capita
l market performance and, to a lesser extent, historical plan performance. A 0.50% change in these expected long-term rates of return, with all other assumptions held constant, would change Linde’s pension expense by approximately $44 million.
32
Table of Contents
The company has consistently used a market-related value of assets rather than the fair value at the