Volume decreased sales by 1% in the quarter versus the respective 2024 period, as base volume declines were partially offset by new project start-ups.
Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization decreased $59 million, or 1%, for the first quarter of 2025 primarily due to productivity gains and lower volumes, which more than offset cost inflation. Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization was 51.2% of sales for the first quarter versus 52.0% for the respective 2024 period. The decrease as a percentage of sales in the quarter was primarily due to higher pricing and productivity gains.
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Selling, general and administrative expense ("SG&A") decreased $74 million, or 9%, for the first quarter of 2025 driven by lower costs, restructuring programs, productivity initiatives and currency. Currency impacts decreased SG&A by approximately $18 million. SG&A was
9.7% of  first quarter sales versus 10.6% of the respective 2024 period.
Depreciation and amortization
Reported depreciation and amortization expense decreased $39 million for the first quarter of 2025, primarily due to lower depreciation and amortization of assets acquired in the merger partially offset by the net impact of new project start ups.
On an adjusted basis, depreciation and amortization increased $10 million, for the first quarter of 2025. Currency impacts decreased depreciation and amortization by $16 million. Excluding currency, the underlying depreciation and amortization increase was driven largely by new project start ups.
Cost reduction program and other charges
Cost reduction program and other charges were $55 million for the first quarter of 2025, primarily related to severance charges.  On an adjusted basis, these costs have been excluded. There were no charges during the respective 2024 period.
Other income (expense) - net
Reported other income (expense) - net was a benefit of $18 million for the first quarter of 2025 versus benefit of $58 million for the respective 2024 period. 2024 other income included a benefit of $43 million in insurance recoveries primarily within the Other segment.
25
Table of Contents
Operating profit
On a reported basis, operating profit increased $89 million, or 4%, for the first quarter of 2025. The increase in the quarter was primarily due to higher pricing and savings from productivity initiatives which more than offset the adverse impacts of cost inflation, cost reduction program and other charges, lower volumes, and currency.
On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impacts of merger-related purchase accounting as well as cost reduction programs and other charges, operating profit increased $97 million, or 4% in the first quarter of 2025. Operating profit growth was driven by higher pricing and productivity initiatives, which more than offset the effects of cost inflation, lower volumes and currency during the first