among others. Linde has strong defenses in these cases and intends to defend itself vigorously. It is possible that the company may incur losses in connection with some of these actions in excess of accrued liabilities. Management does not anticipate that in the aggregate such losses would have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, it is possible that the final outcomes could have a significant impact on the company’s reported results of operations in any given period.
Significant matters are:
•
During 2009, the Brazilian government published Law 11941/2009 instituting a new voluntary amnesty program (“Refis Program”) which allowed Brazilian companies to settle certain federal tax disputes at reduced amounts. During 2009, the company decided that it was economically beneficial to settle many of its outstanding federal tax disputes and such disputes were enrolled in the Refis Program, subject to final calculation and review by the Brazilian federal government. The company recorded estimated liabilities based on the terms of the Refis Program. Since 2009, Linde has been unable to reach final agreement on the calculations and initiated litigation against the government in an attempt to resolve certain items. Open issues relate to the following matters: (i) application of cash deposits and net operating loss carryforwards to satisfy obligations and (ii) the amount of tax reductions available under the Refis Program. It is difficult to estimate the timing of resolution of legal matters in Brazil.
•
On and after April 23, 2019 former shareholders of Linde AG filed appraisal proceedings at the District Court (
Landgericht
) Munich I (Germany), seeking an increase of the cash consideration paid in connection with the previously completed cash merger squeeze-out of all of Linde AG’s minority shareholders for €
189.46
per share. Any such increase would apply to all
14,763,113
Linde AG shares that were outstanding on April 8, 2019, when the cash merger squeeze-out was completed. The period for plaintiffs to file claims expired on July 9, 2019. In
82
Table of Contents
November 2023, the court issued a decision rejecting the plaintiffs’ claims in their entirety and determining that the cash merger squeeze-out consideration was appropriate. The plaintiffs have appealed this decision.
The company believes the consideration paid was fair and that the claims are not supported by sufficient evidence, and no reserve has been established. We cannot estimate the timing of resolution.
•
On May 27, 2022, performance of all Linde Engineering agreements in Russia were lawfully suspended in compliance with applicable sanctions. In December 2022, at RusChemAlliance’s (RCA) request a Russian St. Petersburg court (“St. Petersburg Court”) issued an injunction preventing sale of Linde Russia subsidiaries and assets. During 2023 and 2024, in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions of the related engineering