longer exercise control over these entities. As such, Linde deconsolidated its Russian gas and engineering business entities as of June 30, 2022
. The deconsolidation of the company's Russian gas and engineering business entities resulted in a loss of  $
787
million ($
730
million after tax).
The fair value of Linde’s Russian subsidiaries was determined using a probability weighted discounted cash flow model, which resulted in the recognition of a $
407
million loss on deconsolidation when compared to the carrying value of the entities. This loss is recorded within c
ost reduction program and other charges
in the consolidated statements of income.
54
Table of Contents
Upon deconsolidation an investment was recorded, which represents the fair value of net assets. The company did not receive any consideration, cash or otherwise, as part of the deconsolidation.  Linde will maintain its interest in its Russian subsidiaries and will continue to comply with sanctions and government restrictions. The investment will be monitored for impairment in future periods.
Receivables, primarily loans receivable, with newly deconsolidated entities were reassessed for collectability resulting in a write-off of approximately $
380
million.
Other Russia related charges
Cost reduction program and other charges
related specifically to the Russia-Ukraine conflict were $
103
million ($
73
million after tax) for the year ended December 31, 2022, and are primarily comprised of impairments of assets which are maintained by international entities in support of the Russian business.
Merger-Related Costs and Other Charges
Merger-related costs and other charges were
$
139
million ($
93
million, after tax)
for the year ended
December 31, 2022
,
primarily related to severance actions within the Engineering segment recorded during the fourth quarter, the impairment of an equity method investment in the EMEA segment, and the sale of the GIST business completed on September 30, 2022 (see Note 2).
The following table provides a summary of the pre-tax charges by reportable segment for the year ended December 31, 2022:
Cash Requirements
The total cash requirements of the c
ost reduction program and other charges
incurred for the year ended December 31, 2024 are expected to be immaterial. Remaining cash requirements are expected to be paid primarily through 2025.
Cost reduction program and other charge
s, net of payments in the consolidated statements of cash flows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 also reflect the impact of cash payments of liabilities accrued as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Classification in the consolidated financial statements
The pre-tax charges for each year are shown within operating profit in a separate line item on the consolidated statements of income. In the consolidated balance sheets, reductions in assets are recorded against the carrying value of the related assets and unpaid amounts are recorded as other current or