Statement. Debt securities of Linde Inc. will be guaranteed by Linde plc, and such guarantees by Linde plc may be guaranteed by Linde GmbH. Linde Inc. may also provide (i) guarantees of debt securities offered by Linde plc under the Registration Statement and (ii) upstream guarantees of downstream guarantees provided by Linde plc of debt securities of Linde Finance offered under the Registration Statement.
Linde Finance B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Linde plc. Linde Finance may offer debt securities under the Registration Statement. Linde plc will guarantee debt securities of Linde Finance offered under the Registration Statement. Linde GmbH and Linde Inc. may guarantee Linde plc’s obligations under its downstream guarantee.
Linde GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Linde plc. Linde GmbH may provide (i) guarantees of debt securities offered by Linde plc under the Registration Statement and (ii) upstream guarantees of downstream guarantees provided by Linde plc of debt securities of Linde Inc. or Linde Finance offered under the Registration Statement.
In September 2019, Linde plc provided downstream guarantees of all pre-existing Linde Inc. and Linde Finance notes, and Linde GmbH and Linde Inc., respectively, provided upstream guarantees of Linde plc’s downstream guarantees.
Linde plc established a European debt issuance program on May 11, 2020, as subsequently updated with a base prospectus filed with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on May 8, 2024, as supplemented by the 1st supplement on November 4, 2024 and the 2nd supplement on February 7, 2025, for a €15.0 billion debt issuance program (or the equivalent in other currencies), under which Linde plc may offer debt securities. Linde Inc. and Linde GmbH have provided to Linde plc upstream guarantees in relation to debt securities of Linde plc offered under the European debt issuance program, as confirmed to the current program amount. Under the European debt issuance program, Linde plc may issue unsecured notes with such terms, including currency, interest rate and maturity, as agreed by Linde plc and the purchasers of such notes at the time of sale and as set out in the final terms for the relevant issue of notes. The current European debt issuance program will be valid for a period of one year from May 8, 2024 after which it will require updating prior to any further issuance of notes.
For further information about the guarantees of the debt securities registered under the Registration Statement (including the ranking of such guarantees, limitations on enforceability of such guarantees and the circumstances under which such guarantees may be released), see “Description of Debt Securities – Guarantees” and “Description of Debt Securities – Ranking” in the Registration Statement, which subsections are incorporated herein by reference.
37
Table of Contents
The following tables present summarized financial information for Linde plc, Linde Inc., Linde GmbH and Linde Finance on a combined