recoverable, impairment is measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. Fair value is generally estimated based on either appraised value or other valuation techniques. Indefinite lived intangible assets related to the Linde brand are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate an impairment loss may have occurred.
See Note 10 for additional information relating to other intangible assets.
Income Taxes
–
Deferred income taxes are recorded for the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates. Valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets whenever circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized in future periods.
Under the guidance for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, the company can recognize the benefit of an income tax position only if it is more likely than not (greater than 50%) that the tax position will be sustained upon tax examination, based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Otherwise, no benefit can be recognized. The tax benefits recognized are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Additionally, the company accrues interest and related penalties, if applicable, on all tax exposures for  which reserves have been established consistent with jurisdictional tax laws. Interest and penalties are classified as income tax expense in the financial statements.
See Note 5 for additional information relating to income taxes.
Retirement Benefits
– Most Linde employees participate in a form of defined benefit or contribution retirement plan, and additionally certain employees are eligible to participate in various post-employment health care and life insurance benefit plans. The cost of contribution plans is recognized in the year earned while the cost of other plans is recognized over the employees’ expected service period to the company, all in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. The funded status of the plans is recorded as an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets. Funding of retirement benefits varies and is in accordance with local laws and practices.
See Note 16 for additional information relating to retirement programs.
Share-based Compensation
–
The company has historically granted share-based awards which consist of stock options, restricted stock and performance-based stock. Share-based compensation expense is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the stated vesting period. For stock awards granted to full-retirement-eligible employees, compensation expense is recognized over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved. For performance-based awards, compensation expense is recognized only if it is probable that the