mitigate cost variability, which could negatively impact Linde’s financial condition or results of operations. The supply of energy has not been a significant issue in the geographic areas where Linde conducts business. However, regional energy conditions are unpredictable and may pose future risk.
For hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and specialty gases, raw materials are largely purchased from outside sources. Where feasible, Linde sources several of these raw materials, including hydrogen, carbon dioxide, and calcium carbide, as chemical or industrial byproducts. In addition, Linde has contracts or commitments for, or readily available sources of, most of these raw materials; however, their long-term availability and prices are subject to market conditions. A disruption in supply of such raw materials could impact Linde’s ability to meet contractual supply commitments.
Linde’s international operations are subject to the risks of doing business abroad and international events and circumstances may adversely impact its business, financial condition or results of operations.
Linde has substantial international operations which are subject to risks including devaluations in currency exchange rates, transportation delays and interruptions, political and economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of funds, trade conflicts and the imposition of duties and tariffs, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest, possible nationalization and/or expropriation of assets, changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax policies and compliance with governmental regulations. These events could have an adverse effect on the international operations of Linde in the future by reducing the demand for its products, decreasing the prices at which it can sell its products, reducing the revenue from international operations or otherwise having an adverse effect on its business.
8
Table of Contents
Currency exchange rate fluctuations and other related risks may adversely affect Linde's results.
Because a significant portion of Linde's revenue is denominated in currencies other than its reporting currency, the U.S. dollar, changes in exchange rates will produce fluctuations in revenue, costs and earnings and may also affect the book value of assets and liabilities and related equity. Although the company from time to time utilizes foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge these exposures, its efforts to minimize currency exposure through such hedging transactions may not be successful depending on market and business conditions. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect Linde’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Macroeconomic factors may impact Linde’s ability to obtain financing or increase the cost of obtaining financing which may adversely impact Linde’s financial results and/or cash flows.
Volatility and disruption in the U.S., European and