gases, specialty gases, acetylene). Many of these products are co-products of the same manufacturing process. Linde manufactures and distributes nearly all of its products and manages its customer relationships on a regional basis. Linde’s industrial gases are distributed to various end-markets within a regional segment through one of three basic distribution methods: on-site or tonnage; merchant or bulk; and packaged or cylinder gases. The distribution methods are generally integrated in order to best meet the customer’s needs and very few of its products can be economically transported outside of a region. Therefore, the distribution economics are specific to the various geographies in which the company operates and are consistent with how management assesses performance.
The company’s measure of profit/loss for segment reporting purposes is segment operating profit. Segment operating profit is defined as operating profit excluding purchase accounting impacts of the Linde AG merger, cost reduction program and other charges, and items not indicative of ongoing business trends. This is the manner in which the company’s Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") assesses performance and allocates resources.
24
Table of Contents
The table below presents sales and operating profit information about reportable segments and Other for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Americas
The Americas segment includes Linde’s industrial gases operations in approximately 20 countries including the United States, Canada, Mexico and Brazil.
Sales
Sales for the Americas segment increased $138 million, or 1%, in 2024 versus 2023. Higher pricing contributed 3% to sales. The impact of net acquisitions increased sales by 1%. Cost past-through decreased sales by 1% with minimal impact
25
Table of Contents
on operating profit. Currency translation decreased sales by 2% driven primarily by the weakening of the Brazilian real and Mexican peso against the U.S. Dollar. Volumes remained flat due base volume declines largely offset by project start-ups.
Operating Profit
Operating profit in the Americas segment increased $306 million, or 7%, in 2024 versus 2023 driven primarily by higher pricing, continued productivity initiatives and a settlement gain with a supplier, which more than offset cost inflation.
EMEA
The EMEA segment includes Linde's industrial gases operations in approximately 45 European, Middle Eastern and African countries including Germany, the U.K., France, Sweden and the Republic of South Africa.
Sales
EMEA segment sales decreased $190 million, or 2%, in 2024 versus 2023. Cost pass-through decreased sales by 4% with minimal impact on operating profit. Higher price attainment increased sales by 3%. Volumes decreased sales by 1% led by the manufacturing end market. Currency translation was flat.
Operating Profit
Operating Profit for the EMEA segment increased $294 million, or 12%, in 2024 versus 2023. The increase was driven primarily by higher pricing and