the consolidated balance sheet is $
30
million, which is largely offset by an offsetting loss or gain on the underlying foreign net investment being hedged. The amount of net interest income recorded in 2024 for all forward exchange contracts was immaterial.
Effects of Previous Hedge Designations
As of December 31, 2024, exchange rate movements relating to previously designated hedges that remain in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is a gain of $
56
million. These movements will remain in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), until appropriate, such as upon sale or liquidation of the related foreign operations at which time amounts will be reclassified to the consolidated statements of income.
Interest Rate Swaps
70
Table of Contents
Linde has historically used interest rate swaps to hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities as a result of interest rate changes. When used, these interest rate swaps would effectively convert fixed-rate interest exposures to variable rates; fair value adjustments were recognized in earnings along with an equally offsetting charge/benefit to earnings for the changes in the fair value of the underlying financial asset or financial liability (see Note 11).
In addition, as of December 31, 2023, Linde was using interest rate swaps with a notional value of €
1
billion to hedge the variability of future cash flows of forecasted transactions due to interest rate risk and had designated this as a cash flow hedge. The interest rate swaps were terminated during the first quarter of 2024 with the February debt issuance and the settlement values were
immaterial
.
Derivatives Impact on Consolidated Statements of Income
The following table summarizes the impact of the company's derivatives on the consolidated statements of income:
* The gains (losses) on balance sheet items are offset by gains (losses) recorded on the underlying hedged assets and liabilities. Accordingly, the gains (losses) for the derivatives and the underlying hedged assets and liabilities related to debt items are recorded in the consolidated statements of income as interest expense-net. Other balance sheet items and anticipated net income gains (losses) are recorded in the consolidated statements of income as other income (expenses)-net.
The amounts of gain or loss recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to the consolidated statements of income were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. Net impacts expected to be reclassified to earnings during the next twelve months are also not material.
NOTE 13.
FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES
The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels as follows:
Level 1 – quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 – quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that