equipment and services, (2) forecasted sales, or (3) other forecasted cash flows denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the related operating units. For forecasted transactions that are designated as cash flow hedges, fair value adjustments are recorded
to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) with deferred amounts reclassified to earnings over the same time period as the income statement impact of the associat
ed purchase. For forecasted transactions that do not qualify for cash flow hedging relationships, fair value adjustments are recorded directly to earnings. Linde is hedging forecasted transactions for a maximum period of
three years
.
Commodity Contracts
Commodity contracts are entered into to manage the exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices, which arise in the normal course of business from its procurement transactions. To reduce the extent of this risk, Linde enters into a limited number of electricity, natural gas, and propane gas derivatives. For forecasted transactions that are designated as cash flow hedges, fair value adjustments are recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) with deferred amounts reclassified to earnings over the same time period as the income statement impact of the associated purchase. Linde is hedging commodity contracts for a maximum period of
three years
.
Net Investment Hedges
Foreign Currency-Denominated Debt Designations
As of December 31, 2024, Linde has €
17.9
billion ($
19.0
billion) Euro-denominated notes and intercompany loans, ¥
3.7
billion ($
0.5
billion) CNY-denominated intercompany loans, and C$
1.4
billion ($
1.0
billion) CAD-denominated intercompany loans that are designated as hedges of the net investment positions in certain foreign operations. Since hedge inception, the deferred gain recorded within the cumulative translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheet is $
1,220
million (deferred gain of $
1,175
million in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2024), which is largely offset by an offsetting loss or gain on the underlying foreign net investment being hedged.
Foreign Currency Forward Exchange Contract Designations
In 2024, the Company entered into forward exchange contracts to partially hedge its net investment in certain foreign-denominated subsidiaries.
The Company assesses the forward exchange contracts used as net investment hedges under the spot method. This results in the difference between the spot rate and the forward rate of the forward exchange contract being excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded as incurred as a reduction in interest expense - net in the consolidated statements of income. Since hedge inception and for the year ended December 31, 2024, the deferred gain recorded within the cumulative translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in