injunction affecting Linde’s shares and assets has been lifted, nor the proceeding in St. Petersburg been stayed.
Local seizures
In February 2024, the St. Petersburg Court decided the GPP Claim in favor of RCA (the “GPP Decision”) and in October 2024, decided the LNG Claim in favor of RCA (the “LNG Decision”). Linde unsuccessfully appealed the GPP Decision in March and September 2024. During the fourth quarter of 2024, RCA executed enforcement actions related to the GPP Decision within Russia for Linde’s shares in two Linde Russian joint ventures and locally RCA received payment from the purchase of these shares by Linde’s joint venture partners. RCA previously initiated the enforcement process for the GPP Decision within Russia for the remainder of Linde’s local assets, and these proceedings are currently pending a court appointed local valuation of Linde’s assets.  Additionally, during November 2024, RCA seized the ruble equivalent of approximately €
238
million from one of the guarantor bank’s accounts in Russia.
Linde intends to claim all damages related to or rising from RCA's enforcement of the GPP and LNG Decisions in the HKIAC arbitration proceedings.  Linde subsidiaries affected by the GPP Decision have also filed claims for damages against RCA in the Southern District of New York, the Netherlands and Germany.
83
Table of Contents
As of December 31, 2024, Linde has a contingent liability of $
1.0
billion, which represents advance payments previously recorded in contract liabilities related to terminated engineering projects with RCA. As a result of the contract terminations, Linde no longer has future performance obligations for these projects.
It is difficult to estimate the timing of resolution of these matters. The company intends to vigorously defend its interests in the Russian Claims, Hong Kong arbitration proceedings and other jurisdictions.
Amur GPP
In July 2015, Gazprom Pererabotka Blagoveshchensk LLC ("Gazprom") entered into an engineering, procurement and construction contract with OJSC NIPIgazpererabotka ("Nipigas") for the construction of a gas processing plant and other components located in the Amur Region, Russia (“Amur GPP”). Subsequently, in December 2015, Nipigas and Linde Engineering, executed a subcontract for engineering, procurement, and site services for licensed production units for the Amur GPP project. Additionally, Linde also entered into (i) a license agreement with Gazprom in 2017 for the operation of the plants, and (ii) a direct owner agreement with Gazprom and Nipigas which included limitation of liability provisions. Performance of the Amur GPP agreements were lawfully suspended in compliance with applicable sanctions on May 27, 2022.
On October 8, 2021 and January 5, 2022, fires occurred at the Amur GPP facility. Following the initial fire in 2021, Linde undertook a comprehensive review of the incident, including a detailed local inspection conducted by Linde employees. The Linde report concluded that