rate debt portfolio would be approximately $40 million ($50 million in 2023). Any such increase would be partially mitigated by higher interest earned on deposits of cash.
Foreign Currency Risk
Linde’s exchange-rate exposures result primarily from its investments and ongoing operations in Latin America (primarily Brazil and Mexico), Europe (primarily Germany, Scandinavia, and the U.K.), Canada, Asia Pacific (primarily Australia and China) and other business transactions such as the procurement of equipment from foreign sources. Linde frequently utilizes currency contracts to hedge these exposures. At December 31, 2024, Linde had a notional amount outstanding of $11,942 million ($5,651 million at December 31, 2023) related to foreign exchange contracts. The majority of these were to hedge recorded balance sheet exposures, primarily intercompany loans denominated in non-functional currencies. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
Holding all other variables constant, if there were a 10% increase in foreign-currency exchange rates for the portfolio, the fair market value of foreign-currency contracts outstanding at December 31, 2024 would increase by approximately $115 million and at December 31, 2023 would decrease by approximately $58 million, which would be largely offset by an offsetting loss or gain on the foreign-currency fluctuation of the underlying exposure being hedged.
Holding all other variables constant, if there were a 10% increase in foreign-currency exchange rates on the external debt portfolio, the fair market value of foreign-currency denominated debt outstanding at December 31, 2024 would decrease by approximately $1,334 million and $970 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which would be largely offset by an offsetting loss or gain on the underlying foreign net investment being hedged.
40
Table of Contents
ITEM 8.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
41
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT’S STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Linde’s consolidated financial statements are prepared by management, which is responsible for their fairness, integrity and objectivity. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applied on a consistent basis, except for accounting changes as disclosed, and include amounts that are estimates and judgments. All historical financial information in this annual report is consistent with the accompanying financial statements.
Linde maintains accounting systems, including internal accounting controls, monitored by a staff of internal auditors, that are designed to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of financial records and the protection of assets. The concept of reasonable assurance is based on recognition that the cost of a system should not exceed the related benefits. The effectiveness of those