incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned “Management’s Discussion and Analysis – Environmental Matters” in Item 7 of this 10-K.
6
Table of Contents
Available Information –
The company makes its periodic and current reports available, free of charge, on or through its website, www.linde.com, as soon as practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Investors may also access from the company website other investor information such as press releases and presentations. Information on the company’s website is not incorporated by reference herein. In addition, the public may read and copy any materials filed with the SEC free of charge at the SEC’s  website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically.
Executive Officers
– The following Executive Officers have been elected by the Board of Directors.
Sanjiv Lamba, 60, was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Linde effective March 1, 2022. Prior to being appointed CEO,  he was Chief Operating Officer starting in January 2021 and after serving as Executive Vice President, APAC, beginning in October 2018. Previously, Mr. Lamba was appointed a Member of the Executive Board of Linde AG in 2011, responsible for the Asia, Pacific segment of the Gases Division, for Global Gases Businesses Helium & Rare Gases, Electronics as well as Asia Joint Venture Management. Mr. Lamba started his career 1989 with BOC India in Finance where he progressed to become Director of Finance before being appointed as Managing Director for BOC’s India’s business in 2001. Throughout his years with BOC/Linde, he worked in various roles across a number of different geographies including Germany, the U.K., Singapore and India.
Guillermo Bichara, 50, is Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. He previously served as Praxair’s Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Bichara joined the company in 2006, first as Director of Legal Affairs at Praxair Mexico before being promoted to Vice President and General Counsel of Praxair Asia. He subsequently had responsibility for Europe, Mexico and corporate transactions before being promoted to Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Mr. Bichara previously held roles at Cemex and various global law firms.
Sean Durbin, 54, became Executive Vice President, North America effective September 1, 2023. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President, EMEA from April 2021 to September 2023 and Senior Vice President, Global Functions from July 2020. Mr. Durbin joined Praxair, Inc. in 1993 and served in various roles across operations, engineering, project management, business development and sales. In recent years, he has held leadership positions including Business President, Region Europe South from 2019 to 2020, and President, Praxair Canada Inc. from 2013 to 2019.
Kelcey E. Hoyt, 55, was appointed