systems depends primarily upon the careful selection of financial and other managers, clear delegation of authority and assignment of accountability, inculcation of high business ethics and conflict-of-interest standards, policies and procedures for coordinating the management of corporate resources, and the leadership and commitment of top management. In compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Linde assessed its internal control over financial reporting and issued a report (see below).
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists solely of non-employee directors, is responsible for overseeing the functioning of the accounting system and related controls and the preparation of annual financial statements. The Audit Committee periodically meets with management, internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm to review and evaluate their accounting, auditing and financial reporting activities and responsibilities, including management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. The independent registered public accounting firm and internal auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee and meet with the committee, with and without management present.
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Linde’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (often referred to as COSO). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited and issued their opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 as stated in their report.
42
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Linde plc
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Linde plc and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, of  comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's