date and performance does not create an asset with alternative use. For contracts recognized over time, revenue is recognized primarily using a cost incurred input method. Costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion are used to measure progress toward satisfying performance obligations. Costs incurred include material, labor, and overhead costs and represent work contributing and proportionate to the transfer of control to the customer. Changes to cost estimates and contract modifications are typically accounted for as part of the existing contract and are recognized as cumulative adjustments for the inception-to-date effect of such change.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - estimated costs at completion is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the estimated costs at completion for sale of equipment contracts; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the estimated costs at completion and management’s significant assumptions related to the total estimated material and labor costs; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over developing the estimated costs at completion for sale of equipment contracts. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management’s process for developing the estimated costs at completion for sale of equipment contracts, which included evaluating the reasonableness of management’s significant assumptions related to the total estimated material and labor costs. Evaluating the reasonableness of management’s significant assumptions involved evaluating management’s ability to reasonably estimate costs at completion for sale of equipment contracts on a sample basis by (i) performing a comparison of the originally estimated and actual costs incurred on similar completed equipment contracts, and (ii) evaluating the timely identification of circumstances that may warrant a modification to estimated costs at completion, including actual costs in excess of estimates. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management’s estimates and significant assumptions related to the total estimated material and labor costs.
/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Stamford
, Connecticut
February 26, 2025
We have served as the Company’s or its predecessor’s auditor since 1992.
44
Table of Contents
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
LINDE PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
(Dollar amounts