by fraud; (ii) violated Irish public policy; (iii) is in breach of natural justice; or (iv) if the judgment is irreconcilable with an earlier foreign judgment.
In addition, there is doubt as to whether an Irish court would accept jurisdiction and impose civil liability on Linde  or such persons in an original action predicated solely upon the U.S. federal securities laws brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in Ireland against Linde or such member, officer or expert, respectively.
Changes in tax laws or policy could adversely impact the company’s financial position or results of operations.
Linde and its subsidiaries are subject to the tax rules and regulations in the U.S., Germany, Ireland, the U.K. and other countries in which they operate. Those tax rules and regulations are subject to change on a prospective or retroactive basis. Under current economic and political conditions tax rates and policies in any jurisdiction, including the U.S., the U.K. and the EU, are subject to significant changes which could result in a significant change to Linde's current and deferred income tax. In particular, since Linde is currently treated as U.K. tax resident, any potential changes in the tax rules applying to U.K. tax-resident companies would directly affect Linde.
A change in Linde’s tax residency could have a negative effect on the company’s future profitability and may trigger taxes on dividends or exit charges.  If Linde ceases to be resident in the U.K. and becomes resident in another jurisdiction, it may be subject to U.K. exit charges, and/or could become liable for additional tax charges in the other jurisdiction.  If Linde were to be treated as resident in more than one jurisdiction, it could be subject to duplicative taxation. Furthermore, although Linde is incorporated in Ireland and is not expected to be treated as a domestic corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it is possible that the IRS could challenge this result or that changes in U.S. federal income tax law could alter this result.  If the IRS successfully asserted such a position or the law were to change, significant adverse tax consequences may result for Linde, the company and Linde’s shareholders.
12
Table of Contents
Changes in tax laws may result in higher tax expense and tax payments. In addition, changes in tax legislation and uncertainty about the tax environment in some regions may restrict Linde's opportunity to enforce its respective rights under the law. Linde also operates in countries with complex tax regulations which could be interpreted in different ways. Linde and its subsidiaries are subject to audits by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions or other review actions by the relevant financial or tax authorities. The ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in Linde’s or its subsidiaries’ financial statements and may materially affect their respective financial results for the period when such determination is made.
ITEM 1B.