energy and water as feedstock. Other sources of low-carbon hydrogen are existing chemical and petrochemical processes, out of which Linde recovers hydrogen for subsequent treatment and cleaning to achieve ultra-high purity levels.
Carbon monoxide can be produced by either steam methane reforming (SMR) or auto-thermal reforming (ATR) of natural gas or other feedstock such as naphtha, a by-product in the petrochemical industry. Most carbon dioxide comes as an industrial by-product, that is sourced from chemical plants, refineries and other processes or is recovered from natural carbon dioxide sources. Raw carbon dioxide is processed and purified in Linde’s plants to produce commercial and food-grade carbon dioxide. Helium is sourced from certain helium-rich natural gas streams in the United States, with additional supplies being acquired from outside the United States.  Acetylene is primarily sourced as a chemical by-product, but may also be produced from calcium carbide and water.
Industrial Gases Distribution
There are three basic distribution methods for industrial gases: (i) on-site or tonnage; (ii) merchant or bulk liquid; and (iii) packaged or cylinder gases. These distribution methods are often integrated, with products from all three supply modes coming from the same plant. The method of supply is generally determined by the lowest cost means of meeting the customer’s needs, depending upon factors such as volume requirements, purity, pattern of usage, and the form in which the product is used (as a gas or as a cryogenic liquid).
4
Table of Contents
On-site.
Customers that require the largest volumes of product (typically oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen) and that have a relatively constant demand pattern are supplied by cryogenic and process gas on-site plants. Linde constructs plants on or adjacent to these customers’ sites and supplies the product directly to customers by pipeline. On-site product supply contracts generally are total requirement contracts with terms typically ranging from 10-20 years and containing minimum purchase requirements and price escalation provisions. Many of the cryogenic on-site plants also produce liquid products for the merchant market. Therefore, plants are typically not dedicated to a single customer. Air separation technologies also allow on-site delivery to customers with smaller volume requirements.
Merchant.
The merchant business is generally associated with distributable liquid oxygen, nitrogen, argon, hydrogen, helium and carbon dioxide. The deliveries generally are made from Linde’s plants by tanker trucks to storage containers at the customer's site which are usually owned and maintained by Linde and leased to the customer. Due to distribution cost, merchant oxygen and nitrogen generally have a relatively small distribution radius from the plants at which they are produced. Merchant argon, hydrogen and helium can be shipped much longer distances. The customer agreements used in the merchant business