institutions. The outstanding payment obligations under the company’s supplier finance programs are included in the consolidated balance sheets and were not material as of December 31, 2024 or 2023.
63
Table of Contents
(a)
Depreciation and amortization expense in 2024 include $
467
million and $
456
million, respectively, of Linde AG purchase accounting impacts. In 2023, depreciation and amortization expense include $
529
million and $
462
million, respectively, of Linde AG purchase accounting impacts.
(b)    Includes estimated income tax payments of $
221
million in 2024 and $
173
million in 2023.
(c)         In 2024, the amounts relate primarily to current notes receivables from the sale of GIST.
(d)    Consists primarily of insurance contracts and other investments to be utilized for non-qualified pension and OPEB obligations.
(e)    The balances at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are net of reserves of $
36
million and $
42
million, respectively. In 2023, the amounts relate primarily to long-term notes receivable from customers in APAC, government receivables in Brazil and receivables from the sale of GIST.
(f)    Includes investments from the deconsolidation of Russian subsidiaries.
(g)    Represents tax payable related to the deemed repatriation tax pursuant to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2018. The company is required to fund the balance in annual installments through 2025. In 2024, the final annual installment was reclassified to accrued taxes.
(h)    Americas consists of currency translation adjustments primarily in Canada, Mexico, and Brazil. EMEA relates primarily to Germany, the U.K., the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. APAC relates primarily to China, South Korea, India, and Australia.
NOTE 8.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT – NET
Significant classes of property, plant and equipment are as follows:
(a)      Depreciable lives of production plants related to long-term customer supply contracts are generally consistent with the contract lives.
64
Table of Contents
(b)      Land is not depreciated.
NOTE 9.
GOODWILL
Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
Linde performs its goodwill impairment tests annually as of October 1 or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred. For the fourth quarter 2024 test, the company applied the FASB's accounting guidance which allows the company to first assess qualitative factors to determine the extent of additional quantitative analysis, if any, that may be required to test goodwill for impairment. Based on the qualitative assessments performed, the company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value and therefore, further quantitative analysis was not required. As a result,
no
impairment was recorded. There were no indicators of impairment since the annual goodwill impairment test was performed