financial statements for a summary of the currency translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by segment.
Related Party Transactions
The company’s related parties are primarily unconsolidated equity affiliates. The company did not engage in any material transactions involving related parties that included terms or other aspects that differ from those which would be negotiated with independent parties.
Environmental Matters
Linde’s principal operations relate to the production and distribution of atmospheric and other industrial gases, many of which are used to help customers reduce their emissions. Worldwide costs relating to environmental protection may continue to grow due to increasingly stringent laws and regulations. In addition, Linde may face physical risks from climate change and extreme weather.
Climate Change
Linde operates in jurisdictions that have, or are developing, laws and/or regulations to reduce or mitigate the adverse effects of greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions and therefore faces a highly uncertain regulatory environment in this area. Linde continues to evaluate ongoing regulatory changes and assess appropriate response. For example, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has promulgated rules requiring reporting of GHG emissions to which Linde, its suppliers and customers are subject to. EPA has also promulgated regulations to restrict GHG emissions, including final rules regulating GHG emissions from light-duty vehicles and certain large manufacturing facilities, including some of Linde’s suppliers and customers. In addition to these developments in the United States, several other countries worldwide have implemented carbon taxation or trading systems which impact the company and its customers, including regulations in China, Singapore and the European Union. Among other impacts, such regulations are expected to affect the cost of energy, which is a significant cost for Linde. Nevertheless, Linde's long-term customer contracts typically provide rights to recover increased electricity, natural gas, and other costs that are incurred by the company as a result of climate change regulation.
Linde anticipates continued growth in hydrogen sales due to increased focus on decarbonization projects.  Traditionally, hydrogen production plants and a large number of other manufacturing and electricity-generating plants have been identified as sources of carbon dioxide emissions and these plants are subject to cap-and-trade regulations in jurisdictions including California and the European Union. Linde believes it will be able to mitigate the costs of these regulations through the terms of its product supply contracts. However, legislation that limits GHG emissions may impact growth by increasing capital, compliance, operating and maintenance costs and/or decreasing demand.
To manage business risks from current and potential GHG emission regulation as well as physical consequences of