table below presents sales and operating profit information about reportable segments and Other for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
16
Table of Contents
(a)
Sales reflect external sales only. Intersegment sales from Engineering to the industrial gases segments, were $
601
million and $
391
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Intersegment sales from Helium, were $
112
million and $
123
million
for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(b)
Variable costs represents the variable portion of cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization.
(c)
Fixed costs and other represents the fixed portion of cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, selling, general and administrative, research and development and other income (expenses) - net.
(d)
Refer to reconciliation of depreciation and amortization to consolidated results below.
(e)
Refer to reconciliation of operating profit to consolidated results below.
Reconciliations to Consolidated Results
Depreciation and Amortization
The table below reconciles total depreciation and amortization disclosed in the table above to consolidated depreciation and amortization as reflected on our consolidated statement of income:
Income Before Income Taxes and Equity Investments
The table below reconciles total operating profit disclosed in the table above to consolidated income before income taxes and equity investments as reflected on our consolidated statement of income:
17
Table of Contents
10.
Equity
A summary of the changes in total equity for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 is provided below:
(a)
Net income for noncontrolling interests excludes net income related to redeemable noncontrolling interests which is not significant for the quarter and three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 and which is not part of total equity.
The components of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are as follows:
11.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is accounted for in accordance with ASC 606. Revenue is recognized as control of goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for the goods or services.
Contracts with Customers
Linde serves a diverse group of industries including healthcare, chemicals and energy, manufacturing, metals and mining, food
18
Table of Contents
and beverage, and electronics.
Industrial Gases
Within each of the company’s geographic segments for industrial gases, there are
three
basic distribution methods: (i) on-site or tonnage; (ii) merchant or bulk liquid; and (iii) packaged or cylinder gases. The distribution method used by Linde to supply a customer is determined by many factors, including the customer’s volume requirements and location. The distribution method generally determines the contract terms with the customer and, accordingly, the revenue recognition accounting