an all cash transaction with a total purchase price of $
866
million, or $
811
million net of cash acquired. The fair value of Linde’s equity interest in nexAir, LLC immediately preceding the acquisition date was $
183
million, which resulted in a gain on remeasurement of the company’s previously held equity interest which was not material; this gain is recorded within “Other income (expenses) – net” on the consolidated statements of income.
Final Allocation of Purchase Price
The acquisition of nexAir, LLC was accounted for as a business combination.  Following the acquisition date,
100
% of nexAir, LLC's results were consolidated in the Americas business segment. Linde's twelve months ended December 31, 2023 consolidated income statement includes sales of $
408
million related to nexAir, LLC. Pro forma results for 2022 have not been included as the impact of the acquisition is not material to the consolidated statements of income.
The company estimated the preliminary fair value of net assets acquired based on information available at the time of the acquisition and adjusted and finalized those estimates as additional information became available. Measurement period adjustments totaled approximately $
27
million, and related to working capital adjustments and deferred taxes.
The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of nexAir, LLC as of the acquisition date.
nexAir, LLC’s assets and liabilities were measured at fair value at January 5, 2023.  Fair value represents management's best estimate of assumptions about future events and uncertainties, including significant judgments related to future cash flows (sales, costs, customer attrition rates, and contributory asset charges), discount rates, competitive trends, and market comparables. Inputs used were generally obtained from historical data supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions and growth rates.
53
Table of Contents
The fair value of the previously held equity interest was based upon a purchase price valuation (excluding debt) multiplied by the company’s previously held ownership interest adjusted by a discount for lack of marketability. The fair value of property, plant & equipment, net was based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset, based on the most advantageous market for the asset (i.e., its highest and best use). The cost approach, adjusted for the age and condition of the property, plant and equipment, was used to estimate fair value.
Identifiable intangible assets primarily consisted of customer relationships of approximately $
245
million that will be amortized over their estimated useful life of
20
years. The fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset was valued using a multi-period excess earnings method, a form of the income approach, which incorporates the estimated future cash flows to be generated from nexAir, LLC's existing customer