Engineering for alleged breach of contract under the agreement to build a gas processing plant in Russia entered into in July 2021. In March 2023, RCA filed a claim in St. Petersburg against Linde GmbH for recovery of advance payments under the agreement ("GPP Claim"), and subsequently (i) added Linde and other Linde subsidiaries as defendants, and (ii) is seeking payment of alleged damages from Linde and guarantor banks.  In March 2024, RCA filed a similar claim for repayment and damages against Linde for alleged breach of contract under the agreement to build a liquefied natural gas plant in Russia entered into in September 2021 (“LNG Claim”, and together with the GPP Claim, the “Russian Claims”).
Dispute resolution provisions
In accordance with the dispute resolution provisions of the agreements, in 2023, Linde filed a notice of arbitration with the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre ("HKIAC") against RCA to claim that (i) RCA has no entitlement to payment, (ii) RCA’s Russian Claims are in breach of the arbitration agreement which requires HKIAC arbitration, and (iii) RCA must compensate Linde for the losses and damages caused by the injunction. During 2024, Linde secured awards on exclusive jurisdiction with HKIAC.
In January 2024, the Hong Kong court issued a final judgment in Linde’s favor (i) granting a permanent anti-suit injunction against RCA to seek a stay of the GPP claim and not start an LNG claim, (ii) granting a permanent, global anti-enforcement injunction against RCA for the GPP claim, and (iii) ordering that the injunction issued by the St. Petersburg Court be lifted (“HK Court Judgement”).
Despite the judgments of the Hong Kong court and similar orders issued by the HKIAC arbitration tribunals, RCA is continuing to pursue its claims in Russia and neither the St. Petersburg injunction affecting Linde’s shares and assets has been lifted, nor the proceeding in St. Petersburg been stayed.
15
Table of Contents
Local seizures
In February 2024, the St. Petersburg Court decided the GPP Claim in favor of RCA (the “GPP Decision”) and in October 2024, decided the LNG Claim in favor of RCA (the “LNG Decision”). Linde unsuccessfully appealed the GPP Decision in March and September 2024. During the fourth quarter of 2024, RCA executed enforcement actions related to the GPP Decision within Russia for Linde’s shares in two Linde Russian joint ventures and locally RCA received payment from the purchase of these shares by Linde’s joint venture partners. RCA previously initiated the enforcement process for the GPP Decision within Russia for the remainder of Linde’s local assets, and these proceedings are currently pending a court appointed local valuation of Linde’s assets. Additionally, during November 2024, RCA seized the ruble equivalent of approximately €
238
million from one of the guarantor bank’s accounts in Russia.
Linde intends to claim all damages related to or rising from RCA's enforcement of the GPP and LNG Decisions in the