the available credit facilities; and Note 12 includes information relating to derivative financial instruments. Linde's credit facilities are with major financial institutions and are non-cancelable until maturity. Therefore, the company believes the risk of the financial institutions being unable to make required loans under the credit facilities, if requested, to be low. Linde’s major bank credit and long-term debt agreements contain standard covenants. The company was in compliance with these covenants at December 31, 2024 and expects to remain in compliance for the foreseeable future.
31
Table of Contents
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
As discussed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, at December 31, 2024, Linde had undrawn outstanding letters of credit, bank guarantees and surety bonds entered into in connection with normal business operations and they are not reasonably likely to have a material impact on Linde’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
The policies discussed below are considered by management to be critical to understanding Linde’s financial statements and accompanying notes prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"). Their application places significant importance on management’s judgment as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Linde’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected if actual results differ from estimates made. These policies are determined by management and have been reviewed by Linde’s Audit Committee.
Revenue Recognition
Long-Term Construction Contracts
The company designs and manufactures equipment for air separation and other varied gas production and processing plants manufactured specifically for end customers.  Revenues for sale of equipment contracts are generally recognized over time as Linde has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date and performance does not create an asset with alternative use. For contracts recognized over time, revenue is recognized primarily using a cost incurred input method. Costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion are used to measure progress toward satisfying performance obligations. The result is applied to total expected revenue and results in financial statement recognition of revenue in addition to costs incurred to date. Any expected loss on a contract is recognized as an expense immediately. Contract modifications are typically accounted for as part of the existing contract and are recognized as a cumulative adjustment for the inception-to-date effect of such change. We assess performance as progress towards completion is achieved on specific projects, earnings will be impacted by changes to our forecast of revenues and costs on these projects.
The cost incurred input method places