Alternatively, the asset group may be a collection of distribution related assets (cylinders, distribution centers, and stores) or be a pipeline complex which includes multiple interdependent plants and related assets connected by pipelines within a geographic area used to support the same distribution methods. As a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, Linde deconsolidated its Russian gas and engineering business entities as of June 30, 2022. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
Income Taxes
At December 31, 2024, Linde had deferred tax assets of $1,289 million (net of valuation allowances of $146 million), and deferred tax liabilities of $6,520 million. At December 31, 2024, uncertain tax positions totaled $292 million (see Note 1 and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements). Income tax expense was $2,002 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, or about 23.4% of pre-tax income (see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to taxes).
In the preparation of consolidated financial statements, Linde estimates income taxes based on diverse legislative and regulatory structures that exist in various jurisdictions where the company conducts business. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities represent tax benefits or obligations that arise from temporary differences due to differing treatment of certain items for accounting and income tax purposes. Linde evaluates deferred tax assets each period to ensure that estimated future taxable income will be sufficient in character (e.g. capital gain versus ordinary income treatment), amount and timing to result in their recovery. A valuation allowance is established when management determines that it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized to reduce the assets to their realizable value. Considerable judgments are required in establishing deferred tax valuation allowances and in assessing exposures related to tax matters. As events and circumstances change, related reserves and valuation allowances are adjusted to income at that time. Linde’s tax returns are subject to audit and local taxing authorities could challenge the company’s tax positions. The company’s practice is to review tax filing positions by jurisdiction and to record provisions for uncertain income tax positions, including interest and penalties when applicable. Linde believes it records and/or discloses such potential tax liabilities as appropriate and has reasonably estimated its income tax liabilities and recoverable tax assets. If new information becomes available, adjustments are charged or credited against income at that time. Management does not anticipate that such adjustments would have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, it is possible that the final outcomes could have a material impact on the company’s reported results of operations.
Contingencies
The company accrues