licensed in prior periods was not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
64
Net Product Revenue
Revenue from sales of products is recognized at the point where the customer obtains control of the goods and we satisfy our performance obligation, which generally is at the time we ship the product to the customer. Payment terms differ by jurisdiction and customer, but payment terms in most of our major jurisdictions typically range from
30
to
70
days from date of shipment. Revenue for our product sales has not been adjusted for the effects of a financing component as we expect, at contract inception, that the period between when we transfer control of the product and when we receive payment will be
one year
or less. Any exceptions are either not material or we collect interest for payments made after the due date. Provisions for rebates, discounts, and returns are established in the same period the related product sales are recognized. We generally ship product shortly after orders are received; therefore, we generally only have a few days of orders received but not yet shipped at the end of any reporting period. Shipping and handling activities are considered to be fulfillment activities and are not considered to be a separate performance obligation. We exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are imposed on our sales of product and collected from a customer.
Most of our products are sold to wholesalers that serve pharmacies, physicians and other healthcare professionals, and hospitals. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, our three largest wholesalers each accounted for between
16
percent and
24
percent of consolidated revenue. Further, they each accounted for between
21
percent and
29
percent of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Significant judgments must be made in determining the transaction price for our sales of products related to anticipated rebates, discounts, and returns. The following describe the most significant of these judgments:
Sales Rebates and Discounts - Background and Uncertainties
•
We initially invoice our customers at contractual list prices. Contracts with direct and indirect customers may provide for various rebates and discounts that may differ in each contract. As a consequence, to determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct customer, we estimate any rebates or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. Significant judgments are required in making these estimates.
•
The rebate and discount amounts are recorded as a deduction to arrive at our net product revenue. Sales rebates and discounts that require the use of judgment in the establishment of the accrual include managed care, Medicare, Medicaid, chargebacks, long-term care,