organization and a supply chain organization are responsible for the discovery, development, manufacturing, and supply of our products. Our commercial organizations market, distribute, and sell the products. The business is also supported by global corporate staff functions. See Note 19 for additional information.
Research and Development Expenses and Acquired In-Process Research and Development (IPR&D)
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities, including but not limited to, compensation and benefits, facilities and overhead expense, clinical trial expense and fees paid to contract research organizations.
Acquired IPR&D includes the initial costs and development milestones incurred related to externally developed IPR&D projects, acquired directly in a transaction other than a business combination, that do not have an alternative future use. Development milestones are milestone payment obligations that are incurred prior to regulatory approval of the compound and are expensed when the event triggering an obligation to pay the milestone occurs.
Earnings Per Share (EPS)
All per-share amounts, unless otherwise stated in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, are presented on a diluted basis. We calculate basic EPS based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the effect of incremental shares from potential participating securities. We calculate diluted EPS based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the effect of incremental shares from our stock-based compensation programs.
Foreign Currency Translation
Operations in our subsidiaries outside the United States (U.S.) are recorded in the functional currency of each subsidiary which is determined by a review of the environment where each subsidiary primarily generates and expends cash. The results of operations for our subsidiaries outside the U.S. are translated from functional currencies into U.S. dollars using the weighted-average currency rate for the period. Assets and liabilities are translated using the period end exchange rates. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss).
63
Advertising Expenses
Costs associated with advertising are expensed as incurred and are included in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses.
Global advertising expenses, comprised primarily of online marketing and television advertising, totaled $
1.44
billion, $
1.12
billion, and $
966.8
million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, which were less than
5
percent of revenue each year.
Other Significant Accounting Policies
Our other significant accounting policies are described in the remaining appropriate notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Reclassifications
Certain reclassifications have been made to prior periods in the