trading.
Our primary interest rate risk exposure results from changes in short-term U.S. dollar interest rates. In an effort to manage interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an acceptable balance between fixed and floating rate debt positions and in some cases we enter into interest rate derivatives to help maintain that balance. As of December 31, 2024, all of our total long-term debt is at a fixed rate. We have converted approximately 5 percent of our long-term fixed-rate notes to floating rates through the use of interest rate swaps. Based on our overall interest rate exposure at December 31, 2024 and 2023, including derivatives and other interest rate risk-sensitive instruments, a hypothetical 10 percent change in interest rates applied to the fair value of the instruments as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, would not have a material impact on earnings, cash flows, or fair values of interest rate risk-sensitive instruments over a one-year period.
Our foreign currency risk exposure results from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro, Japanese yen, and Chinese yuan. We face foreign currency exchange exposures when we enter into transactions arising from subsidiary trade and loan payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies. We also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our global operations to the U.S. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of the period. We in some cases enter into foreign currency forward or option derivative contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuating currency exchange rates (primarily the euro, Chinese yuan, and Japanese yen). Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. Gains and losses on these derivative contracts offset, in part, the impact of currency fluctuations on the existing assets and liabilities. We periodically analyze the fair values of the outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts to determine their sensitivity to changes in foreign exchange rates. A hypothetical 10 percent change in exchange rates (primarily against the U.S. dollar) applied to the fair values of our outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, would not have a material impact on earnings, cash flows, or financial position over a one-year period. This sensitivity analysis does not consider the impact that hypothetical changes in exchange rates would have on the underlying foreign currency denominated transactions.
Our fair value risk exposure relates primarily to our public equity investments and to our equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, our carrying values of these investments were $1.35 billion and $1.32 billion, respectively. A hypothetical 20 percent change in fair value of the equity instruments would have impacted other-net, (income)