potential exposure or the range of possible loss in excess of amounts accrued; however, we believe that the resolution of all such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or liquidity, but could possibly be material to our consolidated results of operations in any one accounting period.
Litigation accruals and environmental liabilities and any related estimated insurance recoverables are reflected on a gross basis as liabilities and assets, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. We accrue for estimated exposures to the extent they are both probable and reasonably estimable based on the then available information. We accrue for certain unfiled product liability claims to the extent we can formulate a reasonable estimate of their exposure. We estimate these exposures based primarily on historical claims experience and data regarding product usage. Legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with significant liability loss contingencies are accrued when both probable and reasonably estimable.
Because of the nature of pharmaceutical products, it is possible that we could become subject to large numbers of additional product liability and related claims in the future. Due to a very restrictive market for litigation liability insurance, we are self-insured for litigation liability losses for all our currently and previously marketed products.
Patent Matters
Emgality Patent Litigation
In September 2018, Teva Pharmaceuticals International GmbH and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (collectively, Teva) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts alleging that Lilly's launch and continued sales of Emgality infringed various claims in
three
Teva patents. In November 2022, following a trial, a jury returned a verdict in favor of Teva. In September 2023, the trial court overruled the jury verdict, found all asserted claims invalid, and entered judgment in Lilly's favor. In October 2023, Teva appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The appeal is pending.
Environmental Matters
Superfund Matters
Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as "Superfund," we have been designated as one of several potentially responsible parties with respect to the cleanup of fewer than
10
sites. Under Superfund, each responsible party may be jointly and severally liable for the entire amount of the cleanup.
Brazil Litigation – Cosmopolis Facility
Labor Attorney Litigation
In March 2008, the state Labor Public Attorney (LPA) filed a public civil action against Eli Lilly do Brasil Limitada (Lilly Brasil) in the Labor Court of Paulinia, State of Sao Paulo, alleging harm to employees and former employees from alleged exposure to soil and groundwater contaminants at a former manufacturing facility in Cosmopolis, operated by the company between 1977 and 2003. In May 2014, the trial court ruled against Lilly