experienced an increase in patent challenges from generic manufacturers in many countries outside the U.S.
For more information on patent challenges and litigation involving our intellectual property rights, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Our long-term success depends on intellectual property protection; if our intellectual property rights are invalidated, circumvented, or weakened, our business will be adversely affected" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16: Contingencies."
Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products
Our operations are regulated extensively by numerous government agencies. The lengthy process of laboratory and clinical testing, data analysis, manufacturing development, and regulatory review necessary for governmental approvals of our products is extremely costly and can significantly delay product introductions and revenue generation. In addition, our operations are subject to complex federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning relationships with healthcare providers and suppliers, pricing and reimbursement for our products, the environment, occupational health and safety, data privacy and security, and other matters. Evolving regulatory priorities have intensified governmental scrutiny of our operations and those of other healthcare intermediaries, including with respect to current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), quality assurance, and similar regulations. Regulatory oversight of the pharmaceutical industry entails judgment and interpretation, which can result in varying interpretations of laws and regulations by health and other authorities. In addition, changing political leadership, including the new presidential administration and regulatory authorities in the U.S., may propose, enact, or pursue policy, regulatory, and enforcement changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. Compliance with the laws and regulations affecting the manufacture and sale of our current products and the discovery, development, and introduction of new products and uses has and will continue to require substantial effort, expense, and capital investment.
Of particular importance to our business is regulation by the FDA in the U.S. Pursuant to laws and regulations that include the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and the Public Health Service Act (PHS), the FDA exercises jurisdiction over all of our products and devices in the U.S. and administers requirements covering the testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, quality control, distribution, labeling, marketing, promotion, advertising, dissemination of information, and post-marketing surveillance of those products and devices. The FDA holds broad discretion under the FDCA to interpret the conditions and evidence necessary for timely approval of and ability to market our drugs and devices as well as those of our competitors. The centrality to our business of the FDA and