Circuit, and Lilly made an initial payment under the agreement. Lilly's appeal remains pending. The remaining amount payable under the agreement, if any, should not have a material impact on our financial position, liquidity or results of operations.
104
Note 17:
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The following table summarizes the activity related to each component of other comprehensive income (loss):
The tax effects on the net activity related to each component of other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, were as follows:
Except for the tax effects of foreign currency translation gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated notes, cross-currency interest rate swaps, and other foreign currency exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges (see Note 7), income taxes were not provided for foreign currency translation. Generally, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using the current exchange rate. For those operations, changes in exchange rates generally do not affect cash flows; therefore, resulting translation adjustments are made in shareholders' equity rather than in the consolidated statements of operations.
105
Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss were as follows:
Note 18:
Other–Net, (Income) Expense
Other–net, (income) expense consisted of the following:
Note 19:
Segment Information
We operate as a single reportable segment engaged in the discovery, development, manufacturing, marketing, and sales of pharmaceutical products worldwide. A global research and development organization and a supply chain organization are responsible for the discovery, development, manufacturing, and supply of our products. Our commercial organizations market, distribute, and sell the products. The business is also supported by global corporate staff functions. Our determination that we operate as a single segment is consistent with the nature of our operations and the financial information regularly reviewed by the chief executive officer, in his capacity as the chief operating decision maker (CODM), for the purposes of evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets, and planning and forecasting for future periods.
Our purpose is to unite caring with discovery to create medicines that make life better for people around the world. Our long-term success is significantly dependent on our ability to research and develop innovative medicines. The CODM uses consolidated net income to assess performance of our company, ensuring that we are investing in future research and development while efficiently delivering products to patients. The CODM allocates research and development resources based upon several factors, including the likelihood of technical success, unmet medical needs, and the viability of commercial success. A significant component of the CODM’s decision-making process is to ensure a balanced