develop and commercialize sintilimab injection in China, where it is branded and trademarked as Tyvyt. We record our sales of Tyvyt to third parties as net product revenue, with payments made to Innovent for its portion of the gross margin reported as cost of sales. We report as collaboration and other revenue our portion of the gross margin for Tyvyt sales made by Innovent to third parties.
The following table summarizes our revenue recognized:
Ebglyss
We have a license agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Genentech, Inc. (collectively, Roche), which provides us the worldwide development and commercialization rights to lebrikizumab, which is branded and trademarked as Ebglyss. Roche receives tiered royalty payments on worldwide net sales ranging in percentages from high single digits to high teens, which we recognize as cost of sales. As of December 31, 2024, Roche is eligible to receive additional payments from us, including up to $
1.03
billion in potential sales-based milestones. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, milestone payments to Roche were not material.
We have a license agreement with Almirall, S.A. (Almirall), under which Almirall licensed the rights to develop and commercialize Ebglyss for the treatment or prevention of dermatology indications, including, but not limited to, atopic dermatitis in Europe. We receive tiered royalty payments on net sales in Europe ranging in percentages from low double digits to low twenties, which we recognize as collaboration and other revenue. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, collaboration and other revenue recognized under this license agreement was not material. As of December 31, 2024, we are eligible to receive additional payments up to $
1.25
billion in a series of sales-based milestones.
Orforglipron
We have a license agreement with Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Chugai), which provides us with the worldwide development and commercialization rights to orforglipron. Chugai has the right to receive tiered royalty payments on future worldwide net sales from mid single digits to low teens if the product is successfully commercialized. As of December 31, 2024, Chugai is eligible to receive up to $
140.0
million contingent upon the achievement of success-based regulatory milestones and up to $
250.0
million in a series of sales-based milestones, contingent upon the commercial success of orforglipron. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, milestone payments to Chugai were not material.
COVID-19 Antibodies
We have a worldwide license and collaboration agreement with AbCellera Biologics Inc. (AbCellera) to co-develop therapeutic antibodies for the potential prevention and treatment of COVID-19, including bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab, for which we hold development and commercialization rights. AbCellera received royalty payments, recorded as cost of sales, in the mid-teens to mid-twenties on worldwide net sales of bamlanivimab