be taken by taxing authorities during the examinations of our tax returns, the ultimate outcome of any tax matters may result in liabilities that are greater than amounts accrued. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
We have recorded valuation allowances against certain of our deferred tax assets, primarily those that have been generated from net operating losses, tax credits, and other tax carryforwards in certain taxing jurisdictions, when the amount of future taxable income is unlikely to support their utilization.
Financial Statement Impact
As of December 31, 2024, a 5 percent change in the amount of uncertain tax positions and the valuation allowance would result in a change in net income of $131.3 million and $48.2 million, respectively.
56
Retirement Benefits Assumptions
Background and Uncertainties
Defined benefit pension plan and retiree health benefit plan costs include assumptions for the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, and retirement age. These assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. In addition to the analysis below, see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our retirement benefits.
Annually, we evaluate the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets in our defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans. We use an actuarially determined, plan-specific yield curve of high quality, fixed income debt instruments to determine the discount rates. In evaluating the expected return on plan assets, we consider many factors, with a primary analysis of current and projected market conditions, asset returns and asset allocations (approximately 75 percent of which are growth investments), and the views of leading financial advisers and economists. We may also review our historical assumptions compared with actual results, as well as the discount rates and expected return on plan assets of other companies, where applicable. In evaluating our expected retirement age assumption, we consider the retirement ages of our past employees eligible for pension and medical benefits together with our expectations of future retirement ages.
Financial Statement Impact
If the 2024 discount rate for the U.S. defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans (U.S. plans) were to change by a quarter percentage point, income before income taxes would change by $15.0 million. If the 2024 expected return on plan assets for U.S. plans were to change by a quarter percentage point, income before income taxes would change by $33.2 million. If our assumption regarding the 2024 expected age of future retirees for U.S. plans were adjusted by one year, our income before income taxes would be affected by $35.9 million. The U.S. plans, including Puerto Rico, represent approximately 80 percent for total projected benefit obligation and 85 percent for total plan assets at December 31, 2024.
LEGAL