limitations, including biases, errors, or inability to handle certain data types or scenarios or to render explainable outputs. Furthermore, there are risks associated with the fact that the platforms providing AI models are in many cases owned and operated by emerging companies with less contractual and compliance sophistication. These factors may undermine our ability to effectively utilize AI or create competitive disadvantages should our competitors more skillfully make use of AI capabilities. Further, if we are unable to effectively manage the use of AI technologies by our employees, our confidential information, intellectual property, or reputation could be put at risk.
The emergence of AI and other technologies may exacerbate other risks, including those related to regulation, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality, and data privacy or security. For example, regulatory uncertainty related to AI or other emerging technologies may require significant resources to adjust business practices to comply with developing laws. Several governmental authorities have already proposed or enacted laws and other guidance governing AI, such as the EU Artificial Intelligence Act. These and other developing obligations may prevent or make it harder for us to conduct or enhance our business using AI, or lead to regulatory fines, penalties, or other liability. Further, use of AI technologies could lead to unintended consequences, such as data leakage, healthcare fraud and abuse, cybersecurity incidents, intellectual property infringement, or unintended biases.
Risks Related to Doing Business Internationally
•
Uneven economic growth or downturns or international trade and other global disruptions, geopolitical tensions, or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results.
33
Economic slowdowns could lead to decreased utilization of our products, affecting our sales. Declining tax revenues and increased government spending on other programs attributable to uneven economic growth or downturns increase the pressure on governments to reduce healthcare spending, leading to increased control of drug prices or lower utilization. Additionally, some customers, including governments or other entities reliant upon government funding and cash-pay patients, may be unable to pay for our products fully or in a timely manner. Also, if our customers, suppliers, or collaboration partners experience financial difficulties, we could experience slower customer collections, greater bad debt expense, and performance defaults by suppliers or collaboration partners. Similarly, uneven economic growth or downturns could limit our ability to access capital markets.
In addition, significant portions of our business are conducted in Europe, Asia, and other international geographies. Trade and other global disputes and interruptions, including related to tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, the imposition of