and we face heightened risks to our intellectual property rights in these jurisdictions, including competition with generic or counterfeit versions of our products at or relatively shortly after launch. See Item 1, "Business—Patents, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual Property Rights" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16: Contingencies," for more details.
29
Risks Related to Our Operations
•
Failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to, our IT systems or those of our third-party service providers, unauthorized access to our confidential information, or violations of data protection laws, could each result in material harm to our business and reputation.
Important confidential information owned by us, our business partners, or other third parties is stored in our information systems, networks, and facilities or those of third parties. This includes valuable trade secrets and intellectual property, clinical trial information, corporate strategic plans, marketing plans, customer information, and personal information, such as employee and patient information (collectively, confidential information). We also rely, to a large extent, on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems, infrastructure, cloud technologies, and hardware (together, IT systems), some of which are within our control and some of which are within the control of third parties, to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information and other data. We are subject to a variety of evolving and developing laws and regulations around the world related to privacy, data protection, and data security. Maintaining the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our IT systems and confidential information is vital to our business. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party service providers, to protect and maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our (or their) IT systems and confidential information and other data could significantly harm our reputation as well as result in significant costs, including those related to fines, penalties, litigation, and obligations to comply with applicable data breach laws. A cybersecurity incident could also impose business costs through lost productivity, disruption to manufacturing, and costs to remediate and recover from the incident.
IT systems are inherently vulnerable to system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware, or cyber-attacks from a variety of sources, which may remain undetected for significant periods of time. From time to time, we update, transition, acquire, or expand use of our and third-party IT systems, which may result in heightened vulnerability. Some third-party IT systems that are necessary for the operation of our