capital (early stage investing), buyout, special situations, private debt, and private real estate investments. Private equity management firms typically acquire and then reorganize private companies to create increased long term value. Private equity-like funds usually have a limited life of approximately 10-15 years, and require a minimum investment commitment from their limited partners. Our private equity-like investments are made both directly into funds and through fund-of-funds structures to ensure broad diversification of management styles and assets across the portfolio. Plan holdings in private equity-like investments are valued using the value reported by the partnership, adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through our reporting date. Values provided by the partnerships are primarily based on analysis of and judgments about the underlying investments. Inputs to these valuations include underlying NAVs, discounted cash flow valuations, comparable market valuations, and may also include adjustments for currency, credit, liquidity and other risks as applicable. The vast majority of these private partnerships provide us with annual audited financial statements including their compliance with fair valuation procedures consistent with applicable accounting standards.
Real estate is composed of public holdings. Real estate investments in registered investment companies that trade on an exchange are classified as Level 1 on the fair value hierarchy. Real estate investments in funds measured at fair value on the basis of NAV provided by the fund manager are classified as such. These NAVs are developed with inputs including discounted cash flow, independent appraisal, and market comparable analyses.
Other assets include cash and cash equivalents and mark-to-market value of derivatives.
The cash value of the trust-owned insurance contract is primarily invested in investment-grade publicly traded equity and fixed-income securities.
Other than hedge funds, private equity-like investments, and a portion of the real estate holdings, which are discussed above, we determine fair values based on a market approach using quoted market values, significant other observable inputs for identical or comparable assets or liabilities, or discounted cash flow analyses.
98
The fair values of our defined benefit pension plan and retiree health plan assets as of December 31, 2024 by asset category were as follows:
(1)
Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
No material transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 occurred during the year ended December 31, 2024. The activity in the Level 3 investments during the year ended December 31, 2024 was not material.
99
The fair values of our defined benefit pension plan and retiree health plan assets as of December 31, 2023 by asset category were as follows:
(1)
Certain