service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware, cyber-attacks, and the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, exfiltration, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, interference with, or attack of, our IT systems, products and services that we have encountered have not had a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, operational, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our IT systems. We continue to implement measures in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, remediate, and minimize or prevent these risks and to enhance the resiliency of our IT systems; however, these measures may not be successful, and we may fail to detect or remediate system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware, cyber-attacks, or other compromises of our systems. Any of these events could result in material financial, operational, legal, business, or reputational harm to our business. For a discussion of our management of cybersecurity risks, see Item 1C, "Cybersecurity—Risk Management and Strategy" and "—Governance."
•
Manufacturing, quality, or supply chain difficulties, disruptions, or shortages could lead to product supply problems.
We are continuing the significant expansion of our manufacturing capabilities and substantial investment in long-term supply agreements to fortify supply and support anticipated demand for our products. Pharmaceutical manufacturing is complex and highly regulated. Manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties at our facilities or those of our contractors and suppliers, the failure or refusal of a supplier or contract manufacturer to supply contracted quantities in a timely manner or at all, or increases in demand on a supplier with constrained capacity have resulted and may in the future result in delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products and/or product shortages, leading to lost revenue, reduced market opportunities, and the possibility of additional market entrants. In select cases, supply constraints may also lead to pauses, discontinuations, or other product availability issues in one or more markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows, and reputation. Further, cost inflation and global transportation and logistics
31
challenges, as well as tight labor markets, have caused, and in the future may cause, delays in, and/or increase costs related to, distribution of our medicines, the construction or other