one or more markets.
Our active ingredient manufacturing and finishing operations, including formulation, filling, assembling, delivery device manufacturing, and packaging, take place at sites in the U.S., including Puerto Rico, Ireland and a number of other sites throughout the world. To support anticipated demand for our current and prospective products, we have undertaken significant manufacturing expansion initiatives. Investments to increase our manufacturing capacity include sites in North Carolina, Wisconsin, Ireland, Germany, and two in Indiana. We also utilize and are expanding arrangements with third parties for certain active ingredient manufacturing, filling, finishing operations, and for device or component production and assembly. Among these third parties, we, and the pharmaceutical industry generally, depend on China-based suppliers for portions of our supply chain. U.S. federal lawmakers are considering legislation that is intended to limit supply chain reliance on China, including the proposed BIOSECURE Act. In addition, historically, geopolitical tensions between the U.S. and China have led to the imposition of tariffs, sanctions, and certain other business restrictions between the U.S. and China. In February 2025, the U.S. presidential administration imposed new tariffs on China and China responded with tariffs on select U.S. goods. If new legislation or additional trade restrictions are adopted or geopolitical tensions were to increase and disrupt our operations in, or related to, China, such disruption could significantly impact our business and results of operations. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Operations—Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business" and "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Doing Business Internationally—Uneven economic growth or downturns or international trade and other global disruptions, geopolitical tensions, or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results," for additional information.
We manage our supply chain (including our own facilities, contracted arrangements, and inventory) in a way that is intended to allow us to meet product demand while maintaining flexibility to reallocate manufacturing capacity to improve efficiency and respond to changes in supply and demand. To maintain supply of our products, we use a variety of techniques, including comprehensive quality systems, inventory management, and back-up sites.
However, pharmaceutical production processes are complex, highly regulated, and vary widely from product to product. Shifting or adding manufacturing capacity is a very lengthy process requiring significant capital expenditures, process modifications, and regulatory approvals. Accordingly, developments such as unanticipated demand, unplanned plant shutdowns, manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties at one of our facilities or contracted facilities, failure or refusal of a supplier or