estimation of the CVR liability.
The results of operations attributable to Akouos for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Pro forma information has not been included as this acquisition did not have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022.
71
Asset Acquisitions
Upon each asset acquisition, the cost allocated to acquired IPR&D was immediately expensed as acquired IPR&D if the compound has no alternative future use. Milestone payment obligations incurred prior to regulatory approval of the compound were expensed when the event triggering an obligation to pay the milestone occurred. We recognized acquired IPR&D charges of $
3.28
billion, $
3.80
billion, and $
908.5
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
The following table summarizes our significant asset acquisitions during 2024, 2023, and 2022.
(1)
The phase of development presented is as of the date of the arrangement and represents the phase of development of the most advanced asset acquired, where applicable.
(2)
In 2024, we discontinued development of this molecule in favor of another molecule in development.
In connection with our acquisition of Petra Pharma Corporation (Petra) in 2020, we were required to make milestone payments to Petra shareholders contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the mutant-selective PI3Kα inhibitor. In 2022, we entered into agreements with substantially all Petra shareholders to acquire their rights to receive any future milestone payments in exchange for a one-time payment. As a result of these agreements, we recognized a charge of $
333.8
million as acquired IPR&D in 2022. Any remaining contingent milestones payments linked to the success of the mutant-selective PI3Kα inhibitor are not expected to be material.
We recognized no other significant acquired IPR&D charges during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
72
Note 4:
Collaborations and Other Arrangements
We often enter into collaborative and other arrangements to develop and commercialize drug candidates or to sell the rights of a product. See Note 2 for a discussion of our recognition of revenue from our collaborations and other arrangements.
Collaborative activities may include research and development, marketing and selling, manufacturing, and distribution for which we may receive from or pay to the collaboration partner expense reimbursements. Operating expenses for costs incurred pursuant to these arrangements are reported in their respective expense line item, net of any payments due to or reimbursements due from our collaboration partners, with such reimbursements being recognized at the time the party becomes obligated to pay. Each arrangement is unique in nature, and our more significant arrangements are discussed below.
Boehringer Ingelheim Collaboration
We and Boehringer Ingelheim have a global agreement to jointly