negatively affected, and we expect will continue to negatively affect, our consolidated results of operations. Governments and private payers worldwide have intensified their scrutiny of, and actions intended to address, pricing, reimbursement, and access to pharmaceutical products and are demanding greater commercial and clinical value from pharmaceutical companies in the form of strong product differentiation and demonstrated value. We continue to experience scrutiny on the pricing of current and potential diabetes, obesity, and Alzheimer's disease products due to payer concern over projected growth in these markets and, for certain of these drugs, the anticipated duration of treatment. We have also observed scrutiny of pricing and access disparities across jurisdictions.
Additional policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including because of the regulatory priorities of the U.S. executive branch and regulatory authorities worldwide, could adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. For example, in August 2023, HHS selected Jardiance, which is part of our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices in Medicare effective in 2026. In August 2024, HHS announced the government-set prices for these first ten medicines with Jardiance subject to a 66% discount compared to the 2023 U.S. calendar year list price for a 30-day supply and discounts for the other nine medicines ranging from approximately 38% to 79% below list price. Given our product portfolio, we expect additional products will be selected in future years, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion. The effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products could significantly impact our business and consolidated results of operations. Within the U.S., state level transparency initiatives, importation rules, reporting requirements, and mandated programs, including the establishment of drug affordability boards with the power to set upper payment limits on certain drugs in state-regulated plans, have also increased administrative costs, in some cases, compromised confidential business practices and otherwise detrimentally impacted our business. Certain states have also undertaken efforts to codify 340B contract pharmacies into statute or impose other state law mandates, which increase the cost of 340B programs. To date, several states have passed contract pharmacy legislation, which have been subject to various legal challenges. For more details, see Item 1, "Business—Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access."
Further, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private payers, including in relation to the implementation of the IRA, reference pricing, and compulsory licensing, may