paper program. See Note 6 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund short-term borrowing needs.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased $1.20 billion of shares under our $15.00 billion share repurchase program authorized in December 2024. As of March 31, 2025, we had $13.80 billion remaining under this program.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we paid dividends of $1.35 billion, or $1.50 per share, to our shareholders.
36
Both domestically and abroad, we monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment and international tension and conflicts; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of healthcare legislation; various international government funding levels; and fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates (see "Executive Overview—Other Matters—Foreign Currency Exchange Rates"), and fair values of equity securities.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
For a discussion of our critical accounting estimates, refer to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" in Part II, Item 7 and the notes to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024. See also Note 1 to the consolidated condensed financial statements. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE
We make available through our company website, free of charge, our company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The reports we make available include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements, and any amendments to those documents.
The website link to our SEC filings is
investor.lilly.com/financial-information/sec-filings
.
We routinely post important information for investors in the “Investors” section of our website, www.lilly.com. We may use our website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the “Investors” section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, filings with the SEC, public conference calls, presentations, and webcasts. We and our executive officers may also use social media channels to communicate with investors and the public about our business, products and other matters, and those communications could be deemed to be material information. The information contained on, or that