netting arrangements or similar agreements may exist with the individual counterparties to the risk-management instruments above, individually, these financial rights are not material.
Contingent consideration liabilities relate to our liabilities arising in connection with the contingent value rights (CVRs) issued as a result of acquisitions of businesses. The fair values of the CVR liabilities were estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis and Level 3 inputs, including projections representative of a market participant's view of the expected cash payments associated with the agreed upon regulatory milestones based on probabilities of technical success, timing of the potential milestone events for the compounds, and estimated discount rates.
Note 7:
Income Taxes
The effective tax rate was
20.2
percent for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to
11.6
percent for the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily driven by the unfavorable tax impact of a non-deductible acquired IPR&D charge in 2025. The 2025 and 2024 effective tax rates were impacted by net discrete tax benefits in each period.
The U.S. examination of tax years 2019-2021 remains ongoing. For tax years 2016-2018, we are pursuing competent authority assistance through the Mutual Agreement Procedure process for the pricing of certain intercompany transactions. The resolution of both audit periods will likely extend beyond the next 12 months.
Note 8:
Retirement Benefits
Net pension and retiree health (benefit) cost included the following components:
22
Note 9:
Contingencies
We are and may become involved in various lawsuits, claims, government investigations and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the course of our business, including patent, environmental, commercial, contractual, licensing, employment, health and safety, consumer fraud, pricing, access, consumer, sales and marketing, product liability, insurance, antitrust, securities, and regulatory compliance matters, among others. Such matters may involve inquiries from or disputes with various types of parties, including governments, regulatory agencies, competitors, customers, suppliers, service providers, licensees, employees, or shareholders, among others. We cannot predict the final outcome of these proceedings, and while we intend to vigorously prosecute or defend our position as appropriate, there can be no assurance that we will be successful or obtain any requested relief. Matters often develop over a long period of time and expectations can change as a result of new findings, rulings, appeals, settlements, legal or regulatory changes, or other factors. From time to time we may discontinue or settle and compromise matters as appropriate in our best interest.
Legal proceedings that we believe are significant or could become significant or material are described below. For proceedings in which we are named as defendants, unless otherwise noted, we cannot reasonably estimate the maximum