price that generally represents a significant discount from existing prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. While the law specifies a maximum price that HHS can set, it does not set a minimum price. The Medicare price HHS determines may impact the product’s best price determination under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and the 340B Drug Pricing Program, potentially leading to a negative impact on both Medicaid and 340B prices. In August 2023, HHS selected Jardiance, which is part of our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices effective in 2026. In August 2024, HHS announced the government-set prices for these medicines with Jardiance subject to a 66% discount compared to the 2023 U.S. calendar year list price for a 30-day supply and discounts for the other nine medicines ranging from approximately 38% to 79% below list price. Given our product portfolio, we expect additional significant products will be selected in future years, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion prior to expiry of exclusivities. The effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products could significantly impact our business and consolidated results of operations.
Other IRA provisions require drug manufacturers to provide rebates for Medicare Part B and Part D medicines under certain circumstances. Also, on January 1, 2025 the Part D benefit redesign replaced the Part D Coverage Gap Discount Program (CGDP) with the new Manufacturer Discount Program (MDP). The 70 percent CGDP discount was replaced by a 10 percent MDP discount for all Medicare Part D beneficiaries that have met their deductible and incurred out of pocket drug costs below a $2,000 threshold and a 20 percent MDP discount for beneficiaries that have incurred out of pocket drug costs above the $2,000 threshold under the new Part D benefit redesign. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties, which could be significant.
16
The IRA has, and will continue to, meaningfully influence our business strategies and those of our competitors. In particular, the nine-year timeline to set prices for medicines approved under a New Drug Application reduces the attractiveness of investment in small molecule innovation. The IRA can cause changes to development approach and timing and investments at-risk. The full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry, including the implications to us of a competitor's product being selected for price setting, remains uncertain.
Heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which drug manufacturers price their marketed products and the practices of pharmacy benefit managers and other supply chain entities has also resulted in several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to