impairment indicators are present, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. If we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying value is performed to determine the amount of any impairment.
Several methods may be used to determine the estimated fair value of long-lived assets, all of which require multiple assumptions. When determining the fair value of indefinite-lived acquired IPR&D as well as the fair value of finite-lived intangible assets for impairment testing purposes, we utilize the "income method," as described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
For acquired IPR&D assets, the risk of failure has been factored into the fair value measure and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield a successful product, as discussed previously in "—Executive Overview—Clinical Development Pipeline." The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. As such, it is likely that some acquired IPR&D assets will become impaired in the future.
Estimates of future cash flows, based on what we believe to be reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections, require management's judgment. Actual results could vary materially from these estimates.
Income Taxes
Background and Uncertainties
We file tax returns based upon our interpretation of tax laws and regulations, and we record estimates in our financial statements based upon these interpretations at the applicable tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our tax returns are routinely subject to examination by taxing authorities, which could result in future tax, interest, and penalty assessments. Inherent uncertainties also exist in estimates of many tax positions due to the complexity of tax laws. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted for changes in facts and circumstances such as changes to existing tax law, the issuance of regulations by taxing authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination, or resolution of a tax examination. We believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are both appropriate and sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns; however, given the uncertainty of positions that could