regulatory bodies are active in their oversight, enforcement activities, and coordination with
15
respect to pharmaceutical companies, which has resulted in intensified scrutiny, litigation costs, corporate criminal sanctions, and substantial civil settlements in the pharmaceutical industry.
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (FCPA) prohibits certain individuals and entities, including U.S. publicly traded companies, from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage. The FCPA also imposes specific recordkeeping and internal controls requirements on U.S. publicly traded companies. As noted above, our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with officials outside the U.S. Additionally, in many countries outside the U.S., healthcare providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals may be employed by the government and purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our interactions with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA.
Various other jurisdictions in which we operate and supply our products have laws and regulations aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt and anticompetitive behavior.
We are, and could in the future become, subject to administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties (including treble damages), criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, including exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs. It is possible that an adverse outcome in future actions could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, and financial position in any given period.
We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety, and other laws and regulations that may affect our research, development, or production efforts.
Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access
U.S.
There continues to be considerable public and government scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing. In addition, U.S. government actions to reduce federal spending on entitlement programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, affects payment for our products or services associated with the provision of our products.
In 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA). Among other measures, the IRA requires the HHS to effectively set prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. Generally, these government prices apply beginning at nine years (for medicines approved under a New Drug Application) or thirteen years (for medicines approved under a Biologics License Application) following FDA approval or licensure for the molecule and are set at a