regulatory timelines, we anticipate that the overall market and patient impact would be negative if the legislation is approved as drafted. Implementation timing is unknown at this time. Health care cost containment remains a focus in the EU, among other jurisdictions. Most countries in the EU attempt to contain drug costs by engaging in some form of reference pricing in which authorities examine pre-determined internal or external markets for published prices of a product or national class of drugs. Member states also have the power to restrict the range of pharmaceutical products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and may condition access on agreement of a reimbursement price or completion of cost-effectiveness or other gating studies.
In Japan, our products can be subject to government-mandated annual price reductions. The government may also order re-pricings for specific products or classes of products if certain criteria are met, including exceeding product use thresholds.
China has introduced and implemented reforms to accelerate access to innovative products and reduce costs. To drive patient access, we seek inclusion of many of our branded products on China's National Reimbursement Drug List, a list of drugs fully or partially reimbursed by China’s national basic health insurance. In exchange for broad access, these products are generally subject to negotiation of significant price concessions. China also utilizes a value-based procurement program process for products that have generic substitutes. As a general matter, products that we choose to tender through this process are similarly subject to price reductions. Our business in China may be significantly impacted by the country's evolving pharmaceutical regulatory environment, including access, intellectual property protection, regulatory enforcement and compliance, and trade policies.
Governments in many emerging markets are also focused on limiting health care costs and have enacted price controls and measures impacting intellectual property. Reforms in our product markets, including those that may stem from periods of uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, or as a result of high inflation, emergence, or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts, or government budgeting priorities, may continue to result in added pressure on pricing, access, and reimbursement for our products.
We cannot predict the extent to which our business may be affected by current or potential future legislative, regulatory, or payer developments. However, in general we expect to see continued focus on regulating pricing, resulting in additional state, federal, and international legislative and regulatory developments that could have further negative effects on pricing, access, and reimbursement for our products as well as overall operations.
See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Executive Overview—Other Matters—Trends