consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to conform with the current presentation.
Implementation of New Financial Accounting Standards
Effective January 1, 2024, we adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures,
which requires disclosures about significant segment expenses and additional interim disclosure requirements. This standard also requires a single reportable segment company to provide all disclosures required by Topic 280. See Note 19 for the segment disclosures as required by Topic 280, as amended by ASU 2023-07.
ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, establishes incremental disaggregation of income tax disclosures pertaining to the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and requires prospective application with the option to apply it retrospectively. We intend to adopt this standard in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2025. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this standard on our disclosures.
ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses,
requires disaggregation of specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements and a qualitative description of the remaining expense amounts not separately disaggregated. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and requires prospective application with the option to apply it retrospectively. We intend to adopt this standard in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2027. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this standard on our disclosures.
Note 2:
Revenue
The following table summarizes our revenue recognized in our consolidated statements of operations:
We recognize revenue primarily from two different types of contracts, product sales to customers (net product revenue) and collaborations and other arrangements. Revenue recognized from collaborations and other arrangements includes our share of profits from the collaborations, as well as royalties, upfront and milestone payments we receive under these types of contracts. See Note 4 for additional information related to our collaborations and other arrangements. Collaboration and other revenue disclosed above includes the revenue resulting from our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as well as from the 2023 sales of rights for the olanzapine portfolio, including Zyprexa, and for Baqsimi, all of which are discussed in Note 4. Substantially all of the remainder of collaboration and other revenue is related to contracts accounted for as contracts with customers. Collaboration and other revenue associated with intellectual property