above includes the revenue resulting from our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim discussed in Note 4, as well as the sale of product rights. Substantially all of the remainder of collaboration and other revenue is related to contracts accounted for as contracts with customers.
Adjustments to Revenue
Adjustments to revenue recognized as a result of changes in estimates for our most significant United States (U.S.) sales returns, rebates, and discounts liability balances for products shipped in previous periods were less than
1
percent and approximately
3
percent of U.S. revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
11
Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table summarizes revenue, including net product revenue and collaboration and other revenue, by product:
(1)
Jardiance revenue includes Glyxambi,
Synjardy,
and Trijardy XR.
The following table summarizes revenue by geographical area:
(1)
Revenue is attributed to the countries based on the location of the customer or other party.
12
Note 3:
Acquisitions
We engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. In connection with these arrangements, our partners may be entitled to future royalties and/or commercial milestones based on sales if the products are approved for commercialization and/or milestones based on the successful progress of compounds through the development process. We account for each arrangement as either a business combination or an asset acquisition in accordance with GAAP. We recognized no business combinations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Asset Acquisitions
Upon each asset acquisition, the cost allocated to acquired in-process research and development (IPR&D) was immediately expensed as acquired IPR&D if the compound had no alternative future use. Milestone payment obligations incurred prior to regulatory approval of the compound were expensed as acquired IPR&D when the event triggering an obligation to pay the milestone occurred.
We recognized acquired IPR&D charges of $
1.57
billion and $
110.5
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The acquired IPR&D charges for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were primarily related to the acquisition of Scorpion Therapeutics, Inc.'s (Scorpion's) PI3Kα inhibitor program STX-478, currently being evaluated in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial for breast cancer and other advanced solid tumors.
We recognized no other significant acquired IPR&D charges during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Note 4:
Collaborations and Other Arrangements
We often enter into collaborative and other arrangements to develop and commercialize drug candidates or to sell the rights of a product. See Note 2 for a discussion of our recognition of revenue from our collaborations and other arrangements.
Collaborative activities may