Data—Note 4: Collaborations and Other Arrangements."
Patent Challenges
In the U.S., the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, authorizes the FDA to approve generic versions of innovative pharmaceuticals (other than biologics) when the generic manufacturer files an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA).
Absent a patent challenge, the FDA cannot approve an ANDA until after certain of the innovator's patents expire. However, after the innovator has marketed its product for four years, a generic manufacturer may file an ANDA alleging that the patent(s) listed in the innovator's New Drug Application (NDA) are invalid, unenforceable or not infringed.
Generic manufacturers use this process extensively to challenge patents on innovative pharmaceuticals. In addition, generic companies have shown willingness to launch "at risk," i.e., after receiving ANDA approval but before final resolution of their patent challenge.
13
Under the BPCIA, the FDA cannot approve an application for a biosimilar product until data protection expires, 12 years after initial marketing approval of the innovator biologic, and an application may not be submitted until four years following the date the innovator biologic was first approved. However, the BPCIA does provide a mechanism for a prospective biosimilar competitor to challenge the validity of an innovator's patents as early as four years after initial marketing approval of the innovator biologic.
The patent litigation scheme under the BPCIA, and the BPCIA itself, is complex and continues to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA, as well as by courts. Courts have held that biosimilar applicants are not required to engage in the BPCIA patent litigation scheme and patent holders retain the right to bring suit under normal patent law procedures if a biosimilar applicant attempts to commercialize a product prior to patent expiration. In addition, there is a procedure in U.S. patent law, known as inter partes review (IPR), which allows any member of the public to file a petition with the USPTO seeking the review of any issued U.S. patent for validity. IPRs are conducted before Administrative Patent Judges in the USPTO using a lower standard of proof than used in federal district court and challenged patents are not accorded the presumption of validity. Generic drug companies and even some investment firms have engaged in the IPR process in attempts to invalidate our patents. In recent years, U.S. government officials have proposed the exercise of "march-in-rights" and various other measures that, if enacted, could have a negative impact on our patent rights. We cannot predict the likelihood that these or similar proposals will be adopted, but, if adopted, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Outside the U.S., the legal doctrines and processes by which pharmaceutical patents can be challenged vary widely. In recent years, we have