the land, and an inspection in the industrial plant occurred in October 2023.
Former Employee Litigation
Various former employees have filed related claims against Lilly Brasil in the trial court. These lawsuits are at various stages in the litigation process.
Pricing Matters
340B Litigation and Investigations
In January 2021, we filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana against the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Secretary of HHS, the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), and the Administrator of HRSA. The lawsuit challenges HHS's December 2020 advisory opinion that the 340B program requires drug manufacturers to deliver discounts to all contract pharmacies, as well as HHS's December 2020 administrative dispute resolution (ADR) regulations. It seeks a declaratory judgment that the defendants violated the Administrative Procedure Act (APA) and the U.S. Constitution, a preliminary injunction enjoining implementation of the ADR process and application of the advisory opinion, and other related relief. In March 2021, the court preliminarily enjoined the government's use of the ADR process as to us. In May 2021, we amended the complaint to add claims related to a May 2021 letter from HRSA asserting that Lilly's contract pharmacy policy violated the 340B statute. In October 2021, the court granted in part and denied in part the parties' cross-motions for summary judgment. Both parties appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The appeal remains pending.
We received a civil investigative subpoena in February 2021 from the Office of the Attorney General for the State of Vermont relating to the sale of pharmaceutical products to Vermont covered entities under the 340B program. We are cooperating with the subpoena.
We have been named in various ADR petitions, filed in 2021, 2023, and 2024, seeking declaratory, injunctive, and/or monetary relief related to the 340B program. In light of the preliminary injunction order described above, these petitions are being held in abeyance as to us.
In July 2021, Mosaic Health, Inc. filed a putative class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of New York against us, Sanofi-Aventis U.S., LLC (Sanofi), Novo Nordisk Inc. (Novo Nordisk), and AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP (AstraZeneca), alleging antitrust and unjust enrichment claims related to the defendants' 340B programs. In October 2021, an amended complaint added Central Virginia Health Services, Inc. as a plaintiff. In September 2022, the court dismissed the amended complaint for failure to state a claim but allowed the plaintiffs to move for leave to file a second amended complaint. In January 2024, the court denied the plaintiffs' motion for leave to amend and dismissed the case. In February 2024, the plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The appeal remains pending.
We have multiple other challenges