to Our Operations—Failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to, our IT systems or those of our third-party service providers, unauthorized access to our confidential information, or violations of data protection laws, could each result in material harm to our
7
business and reputation" and "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Litigation and Government Regulation—Regulatory compliance problems could be damaging to the company."
Outside the U.S.
The products we market and their distribution vary from country to country. Outside the U.S., we promote our products to healthcare providers through sales representatives and other channels. We maintain our own sales organizations in many countries. We also often utilize third parties for commercial sales operations, some of which are engaged through distribution and promotion arrangements.
Marketing Collaborations
Certain of our products are marketed in arrangements with other pharmaceutical companies. For example, we and Boehringer Ingelheim have a global agreement to develop and commercialize a portfolio of diabetes products, including Jardiance, Glyxambi, Synjardy, and Trijardy XR.
For additional information, see Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 4: Collaborations and Other Arrangements."
Competition
Our products compete globally with many other pharmaceutical products in highly competitive markets.
Important competitive factors include effectiveness, safety, availability, ease of use, and overall patient experience; formulary placement, price, payer coverage and reimbursement rates, and demonstrated cost-effectiveness; regulatory approvals; marketing effectiveness; and research and development of new products, processes, modalities, indications, and uses. Early market entry and rapid patient access can also be important to achieve product acceptance and success. Barriers to reimbursable patient access in some cases include default payer coverage restrictions for our medicines. For example, in the U.S., anti-obesity medicines are often excluded from commercial benefit plans. Self-insured employers must opt in for coverage of these medicines. Medicare and payers in various international markets also have not covered anti-obesity medicines for weight loss. Our anti-obesity medicines comprise a significant portion of our revenues, and barriers to reimbursable patient access may impact our sales volumes, business, and results of operations.
Most new products or uses that we introduce must compete with other branded, biosimilar, or generic products already on the market or that are later developed. When new products, uses, or delivery systems with therapeutic, convenience, or cost advantages are introduced, including by developing new modalities, our existing products become subject to decreased sales volumes, progressive price reductions, or both.
We believe our long-term competitive success depends on discovering and developing or acquiring innovative, cost-effective