against HHS and related parties related to interpretations and actions under the 340B program.
102
Insulin Pricing Litigation
Since 2017, various plaintiffs, including consumers, states and state attorneys general, counties, municipalities, Native American tribes, school districts, wholesalers, third-party payers, and others, have filed lawsuits, including putative class actions, against us, other manufacturers, pharmacy benefit managers, and others, relating to the pricing of insulin medications, and in some cases other diabetes medications, and rebates paid by manufacturers to pharmacy benefit managers. The complaints in the various lawsuits assert a variety of claims, including among others consumer protection, unfair or deceptive trade practices, fraud, false advertising, unjust enrichment, civil conspiracy, racketeering, antitrust, and unfair competition claims. Most cases have been coordinated or consolidated for pretrial proceedings in a multidistrict litigation (MDL) pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. The lawsuits are at various stages in the litigation process.
In the first-filed case, a putative consumer class action, we and the plaintiffs reached a proposed settlement in May 2023. In January 2024, the court denied the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. We and the plaintiffs subsequently terminated our proposed settlement and stipulated that the court's ruling denying class certification applied to Lilly. The MDL court has issued various case management orders, including but not limited to orders establishing separate tracks for state attorney general claims (State AG Track), putative class actions (Class Action Track), and non-class suits by self-funded payers (Self-Funded Payer Track).
In January 2022, the Michigan attorney general filed a petition in Michigan state court seeking authorization to investigate Lilly for potential violations of the Michigan Consumer Protection Act (MCPA), along with a complaint seeking a declaratory judgment that the state has authority to investigate Lilly's sale of insulin under the MCPA. The court authorized the proposed investigation and the issuance of civil investigative subpoenas. In April 2022, however, the parties entered into a stipulation providing that the state will not issue any civil investigative subpoena to us under the MCPA until the declaratory judgment action is resolved, and in July 2022, the court dismissed the case in its entirety. In June 2023, the Michigan Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment in our favor. In August 2023, the state filed an application for leave to appeal to the Michigan Supreme Court, and oral argument was held in October 2024. The state's request for leave to appeal remains pending.
Lilly has entered into settlement agreements with two states to resolve allegations relating to insulin pricing. In particular, in February 2024, after discovery, Lilly entered into a non-monetary settlement with the Minnesota attorney