similar regulations and standards (and comparable foreign regulations and standards) for our products in some cases lead to regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, inability to realize the benefit of capital expenditures, or delays or denials in new product approvals, line extensions or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, or other negative impacts, any of which result in reputational harm or adversely affect our business.
Incretin Medicines
At various times during 2024, demand for our incretin medicines exceeded production. Tirzepatide supply currently exceeds demand in the U.S. Demand in launched markets remains dynamic, and increases or changes in demand, by dose or overall, as well as the complex supply chain, may result in periodic unavailability of certain presentations and dose levels at certain locations even when total tirzepatide supply can meet demand. Supply considerations will continue to influence the timing and approach (including available presentations) of tirzepatide launches in new markets. Production increases and delivery presentation initiatives are ongoing, and additional capacity is expected to be operational over the next several years.
We continue to see the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and compounded incretins. These practices may impact patient safety and undermine regulatory drug approval processes. While the FDA has confirmed that the previous shortage of tirzepatide has ended and that compounding pharmacies are required to cease mass production, we cannot guarantee adequate regulation or compliance. Lilly will continue to consider all options, including filing lawsuits where appropriate, to address unlawful practices and the patient safety risks of unapproved, untested, and manipulated drugs.
32
Tax Matters
We are subject to income taxes and various other taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions; therefore, changes in both domestic and international tax laws or regulations have affected and may affect our effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. The U.S. and countries around the world are actively proposing and enacting tax law changes. Further, actions taken with respect to tax-related matters by associations such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and the European Commission could influence tax laws in countries in which we operate. Tax authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we do business routinely examine our tax returns and are expected to increase their scrutiny of cross-border tax issues. Changes to existing U.S. and foreign tax laws and increased scrutiny by tax authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions could have a material adverse impact our future consolidated results of operations and cash