certain information regarding our current executive officers.
The term of office for each executive officer expires on the date of the annual meeting of the board of directors, to be held on May 5, 2025 in connection with the company's annual meeting of shareholders, or on the date his or her successor is chosen and qualified. No director or executive officer has a "family relationship" with any other director or executive officer of the company, as that term is defined for purposes of this disclosure requirement. There is no understanding between any executive officer or director and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was selected.
21
Human Capital Management
Our core values—integrity, excellence, and respect for people—shape our approach to attracting, retaining, engaging, and developing a diverse and highly skilled and ethical workforce. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines. We believe that fostering a positive culture that values the contributions of our talented colleagues helps drive our success.
22
We are committed to creating a safe, supportive, ethical, and rewarding work environment through intentional focus on our human capital management process, fairness and nondiscrimination in our employment practices, robust training and development opportunities, and competitive pay and benefits. We believe our dedication to promoting inclusion within our company makes Lilly a stronger and more innovative company. At all times, we seek to hire the most qualified candidate for each open position.
We regularly conduct confidential employee surveys to seek feedback from our workforce on a variety of topics. These results are reviewed and analyzed by our leaders to identify opportunities to adjust our practices and benefits to improve our employees' experience. As a result of our efforts, we believe that we have a high performing, cohesive workforce and that our employee relations are good.
At the end of 2024, we employed approximately 47,000 people, including approximately 25,000 employees outside the U.S. Our employees include approximately 11,000 people engaged in research and development activities.
Strategy and Oversight
We are committed to fairness and nondiscrimination in our employment practices, and we deeply value diverse backgrounds, skills, and global perspectives. Because dedication to human capital management is also a core component of our corporate governance, our board of directors regularly engages with management to monitor human capital management initiatives and progress as part of the overarching framework that guides how we attract, retain, engage, and develop a workforce that aligns with our values and mission.
Employee Health and Safety
We strive to foster a healthy, vibrant work environment, which includes keeping our employees safe. We seek to create a companywide culture where best-in-class safety practices are