respective periods were not material.
As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately $
899
million of unfunded commitments to invest in venture capital funds, which we anticipate will be paid over a period of up to
10
years.
We record our available-for-sale debt securities at fair value, with changes in fair value reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We periodically assess our investment in available-for-sale securities for impairment losses and credit losses. The amount of credit losses is determined by comparing the difference between the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected on these securities and the amortized cost. Factors considered in assessing credit losses include the position in the capital structure, vintage and amount of collateral, delinquency rates, current credit support, and geographic concentration.
Impairment and credit losses related to available-for-sale securities were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
The table below summarizes the contractual maturities of our investments in debt securities measured at fair value as of December 31, 2024:
A summary of the amount of unrealized gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss and the fair value of available-for-sale securities in an unrealized gain or loss position follows:
76
As of December 31, 2024, the available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position include primarily fixed-rate debt securities of varying maturities, which are sensitive to changes in the yield curve and other market conditions. Substantially all of the fixed-rate debt securities in a loss position are investment-grade debt securities. As of December 31, 2024, we do not intend to sell, and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell, the securities in a loss position before the market values recover or the underlying cash flows have been received, and there is no indication of a material default on interest or principal payments for our debt securities.
Realized gains and losses on sales of available-for-sale investments are computed based upon specific identification of the initial cost adjusted for any other-than-temporary declines in fair value that were recorded in earnings and were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale investments were $
98.0
million, $
145.6
million, and $
132.9
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
77
Fair Value of Investments
The following table summarizes certain fair value information at December 31, 2024 and 2023 for investment assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as the carrying amount and amortized cost of certain other investments:
(1)
For available-for-sale debt securities, amounts disclosed represent the securities' amortized cost.
(2)
We consider all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or