corresponding international regulators exposes us to risks of oversight, administrative, and enforcement changes, delays, inconsistencies, lapses, or failures, including as may derive from insufficient staffing levels, expertise, or resources.
14
Following approval, our products must meet, and must continue to comply with, regulation by various government and regulatory agencies in connection with labeling, import, export, sale, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, and safety reporting. We conduct extensive post-marketing surveillance of the safety of the products we sell and comply with notification requirements related to safety and efficacy, product supply, and other aspects of our products and operations. The FDA may withdraw approval of a product if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after a product reaches the market, including as may be identified through market surveillance or third-party studies involving our products. The FDA may also mandate labeling changes, post-marketing studies, or risk management programs to products at any point in a product's life cycle based on new safety information or as part of a labeling change to a particular class of products. In addition, the FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products to prescribers and patients. Pharmaceutical products may be promoted only for approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses.
Outside the U.S., our products and operations are subject to similar regulatory requirements, notably by the EMA in Europe, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare in Japan, and the National Medical Products Administration in China. Specific regulatory requirements vary from country to country. Regulatory and compliance requirements, as well as approval processes outside the U.S., differ from those in the U.S. and may involve additional costs, uncertainties, and risks.
The FDA and other regulatory agencies outside the U.S. extensively regulate all aspects of manufacturing quality for pharmaceuticals under their cGMP regulations. Regulators assess compliance with these regulations by inspecting the equipment, facilities, laboratories, and processes used in the manufacturing and testing of our products prior to marketing approval with periodic reinspection thereafter; this may include inspection of our third-party business partners. We make substantial investments of capital and operating expenses to implement comprehensive, company-wide quality systems and controls in our manufacturing, product development, and process development operations in an effort to maintain sustained compliance with cGMP and other regulations. Nonetheless, manufacturing quality and other aspects of pharmaceutical regulatory compliance is heavily scrutinized and results in