less from the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The cost of these investments approximates fair value.
(3)
Fair value disclosures are not applicable for equity method investments and investments accounted for under the measurement alternative for equity investments.
78
We determine our Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements based on a market approach using quoted market values, significant other observable inputs for identical or comparable assets or liabilities, or discounted cash flow analyses. Level 3 fair value measurements for other investment securities are determined using unobservable inputs, including the investments' cost adjusted for impairments and price changes from orderly transactions. Fair values are not readily available for certain equity investments measured under the measurement alternative.
Debt
Fair Value of Debt
The following table summarizes certain fair value information for our short-term and long-term debt:
Risk Management and Related Financial Instruments
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of trade receivables and interest-bearing investments. Wholesale distributors of our products account for a substantial portion of our trade receivables; collateral is generally not required. We seek to mitigate the risk associated with this concentration through our ongoing credit-review procedures and insurance. The majority of our cash is held by a few major financial institutions that have been identified as Global Systemically Important Banks (G-SIBs) by the Financial Stability Board. G-SIBs are subject to rigorous regulatory testing and oversight and must meet certain capital requirements. We monitor our exposures with these institutions and do not expect any of these institutions to fail to meet their obligations. In accordance with documented corporate risk-management policies, we monitor the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or corporate issuer based on credit rating of our counterparty. We are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to risk-management instruments but do not expect significant counterparties to fail to meet their obligations given their investment grade credit ratings.
We have entered into accounts receivable factoring agreements with financial institutions to sell certain of our non-U.S. accounts receivable. These transactions are accounted for as sales and result in a reduction in accounts receivable because the agreements transfer effective control over, and risk related to, the receivables to the buyers. We derecognized $
421.6
million and $
431.9
million of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, under these factoring arrangements. The costs of factoring such accounts receivable as well as estimated credit losses were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
Our derivative activities are initiated within the guidelines of