developing countries, and some developed countries, do not provide effective data package protection even though it is specified in the TRIPs Agreement.
10
Our Intellectual Property Portfolio
We consider intellectual property protection for certain products, processes, uses, and formulations to be important to our business. In addition to the patents and data protection identified below, we may hold patents on manufacturing processes, formulations, devices, or uses that provide protection beyond the estimated dates shown below. For approved products, estimated dates include, where applicable, pending or granted patent term extensions. Where granted, estimated dates for approved products also reflect pediatric or orphan drug exclusivity. The length of market exclusivity for our products can be difficult to predict with certainty because of the complex interaction between patent and regulatory forms of exclusivity and the inherent uncertainties regarding patent litigation. There can be no assurance that a particular product will maintain market exclusivity for the duration of the estimated expiry or that exclusivity will be limited to that time frame.
The most relevant patent protection or data protection and associated expiry dates for our major or recently launched patent-protected marketed products are as follows:
11
12
* Jardiance and the related combination product, Glyxambi.
The following product candidates are the most relevant that are currently under regulatory review. Upon approval, we expect relevant compound patent and data protections to apply:
•
Donanemab has been submitted for regulatory review in the EU for the treatment of early Alzheimer's disease.
•
Imlunestrant has been submitted for regulatory review in the U.S., the EU, and Japan for the treatment of ER-positive HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer.
Worldwide, we sell all of our major products under trademarks consisting of our product names, logos, and unique product appearances that we consider in the aggregate to be important to our operations. Trademark protection varies throughout the world. Trademark protection typically extends beyond the patent and data protection for a product.
We also rely in some circumstances on trade secrets and other unpatented know-how. We seek to protect our confidential information in part through confidentiality agreements with our employees, corporate partners, collaborators, and vendors. These agreements may be breached, and we cannot be certain that we have adequate remedies. If our trade secrets or confidential information become known or are independently discovered by competitors, or if we enter into disputes over ownership of inventions, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Patent Licenses and Collaborations
Some of our products are subject to significant license and collaboration agreements. For information on our license and collaboration agreements, see Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary