through the use of formulary inclusion, or favorable formulary placement. Such stakeholders have also increasingly imposed utilization management tools to limit access to our products. As these practices expand, including due to potential further consolidation of U.S. private third-party payers, we may face difficulty in obtaining or maintaining timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products. We expect that consolidation of supply chain entities will continue to increase competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers.
Pharmacy benefit manager practices have come under increased scrutiny from U.S. policymakers at the federal and state level who have proposed legislation intended to address concerns regarding the impact that these intermediaries have on drug pricing and patients’ out of pocket costs. If promulgated, such legislation could have resultant implications, costs, or consequences for our business and how we interact with these entities. For additional information on pricing and reimbursement for our pharmaceutical products, see Item 1, "Business—U.S. Private Sector Dynamics" and "Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access—U.S."
Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property
•
We depend on products with intellectual property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings; the loss of effective intellectual property protection for certain of our products has resulted, and in the future is likely to continue to result, in rapid and severe declines in revenues for those products.
In the ordinary course of their lifecycles, our products lose significant patent protection and/or data protection in the U.S., as well as in key jurisdictions outside the U.S., after a specified period of time. For example, Trulicity will lose significant patent and remaining data protections in the next few years. Some products also lose patent protection as a result of successful third-party challenges. We have faced, and remain exposed to, generic competition following the expiration or loss of such intellectual property protection.
For non-biologic products, loss of exclusivity typically results in the entry of one or more generic competitors, leading to a rapid and severe decline in revenues, especially in the U.S. Generic pharmaceutical companies have in some cases introduced a generic product before resolution of any related patent litigation. For biologics, loss of exclusivity may or may not result in the near-term entry of competitor versions (i.e., biosimilars) due to many factors, including development timelines, manufacturing challenges, and/or uncertainties regarding the regulatory approval pathways.
Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. The patent positions of pharmaceutical and