administration has expressed support for legislation that would align these timelines through legislation. In August 2023, HHS selected Jardiance, which is part of our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices effective in 2026 and we expect additional of our significant products will be selected in future years. The IRA has, and will continue to, meaningfully influence our business strategies and those of our competitors and could significantly impact our business and consolidated results of operations.
31
Other policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including those proposed or pursued by lawmakers, regulators, and other authorities in the U.S. and worldwide, have and may continue to adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. For example, the U.S. and other countries have recently imposed new tariffs, some of which have been paused but may come into effect quickly and unpredictably. While pharmaceuticals are exempt from certain of these tariffs, such exemptions may be terminated or may not apply to any future tariffs. The precise impact of any further tariffs, trade protection measures, and other restrictions would depend on their ultimate scope, timing, and other factors. If enacted, any such restrictions could result in supply disruptions or delays, further increase costs, or otherwise have a negative impact on our business. Given the nature of pharmaceutical regulation and commercialization, we may not be able to share the burden of increased costs from tariffs and related impacts to any meaningful degree.
The consolidation and integration of private payers and pharmacy benefit managers in the U.S. continues to significantly impact the market for pharmaceuticals by increasing payer leverage in negotiating manufacturer price or rebate concessions and pharmacy reimbursement rates. Furthermore, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private payers may adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. We expect that these actions may intensify and could particularly affect certain products, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, we are engaged in litigation and investigations related to the 340B program, access to insulin, pricing, product safety, and other matters that, if resolved adversely to us, could negatively impact our business and consolidated results of operations. It is not currently possible to predict the overall potential adverse impact to us or the general pharmaceutical industry of continued cost containment efforts worldwide.
In addition, regulatory issues concerning compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, quality assurance, safety signals, evolving standards, and increased scrutiny around excipients and potential impurities such as nitrosamines, and