interpretation of important aspects of the laws regulating biosimilars continues to evolve, and therefore the impact of these laws on our business remains subject to substantial uncertainty. For example, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for the innovator biologic in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biologic products will depend on a number of regulatory and marketplace factors that are still developing.
Biosimilars may present both competitive challenges and opportunities. While competitors have developed biosimilars that compete with our products, we have developed our own biosimilar and may develop others in the future.
Compounding
In recent periods, we have seen an increase in the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and compounded incretins. These practices may impact patient safety, undermine regulatory drug approval processes, and present market risks. If inadequately regulated, these practices could materially impact our business and reputation, including by creating consumer confusion or misperceptions about the safety and efficacy of our genuine products, diversion of potential sales, and potential net price erosion for our products. See Item 1, "Business—Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products," for additional information on market risks related to counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and compounded medicines.
U.S. Private Sector Dynamics
In the U.S. private sector, consolidation and integration among healthcare organizations significantly affects the competitive marketplace for pharmaceuticals. Health plans, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, wholesalers, pharmacies, and other supply chain entities have consolidated into fewer, larger entities, thus enhancing their market power and importance. Private third-party insurers, as well as governments, typically maintain formularies that specify coverage (the conditions under which drugs are included on a plan's formulary) and reimbursement (the associated out-of-pocket cost to the consumer) to control costs by negotiating discounts or rebates in exchange for formulary inclusion and placement.
Formulary placement can lead to reduced usage of a product for the relevant patient population due to coverage restrictions, such as prior authorizations and formulary exclusions, or due to reimbursement limitations that result in higher consumer out-of-pocket cost, such as non-preferred co-pay tiers, increased co-insurance levels, and higher deductibles. Consequently, pharmaceutical companies face increased pressure in negotiations, and compete fiercely for formulary placement, not only on the basis of product attributes such as efficacy, safety profile, or patient ease of use, but also by providing rebates or other concessions. As payers and pharmaceutical companies continue to negotiate formulary placement and rebates, value-based agreements, where rebates may be