issues have, and could in the future, result in costly product liability claims. Any of these outcomes could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business.
•
We derive a significant percentage of our total revenue from relatively few products and sell our products through consolidated supply chain entities, which subjects us to various risks.
We derived direct product and/or collaboration and other revenues of more than $3 billion for each of Mounjaro, Verzenio, Trulicity, Zepbound, Jardiance (including Glyxambi, Synjardy, and Trijardy XR), and Taltz that collectively accounted for 75 percent of our total revenues in 2024. In particular, Mounjaro, Trulicity, and Zepbound accounted for 48 percent of our total revenues in 2024 and we expect cardiometabolic health products to represent a significant and growing portion of our business, revenues, and prospects. Loss of patent protection, changes in prescription rates, material product liability or pricing litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, significant changes or fluctuations in demand, regulatory proceedings and investigations, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from existing or new competitive products, pipeline developments by us or our competitors, counterfeit and illegally compounded drugs, changes in labeling, pricing, and insufficient access, or reimbursement, or actual or perceived supply shortages or disruptions for these products or any of our other major products could materially impact our results of operations or result in significant and sudden declines or volatility in the trading price of our common stock and market capitalization.
In addition, in the U.S., most of our products are distributed through a limited number of wholesalers. If one of these significant wholesalers encounters financial or other difficulties or otherwise is unable to support distribution of our products, it could cause disruption to our supply chain or we might be unable to timely collect the amounts that the wholesaler owes us, which could negatively impact our results of operations. See Item 1, "Business—Marketing and Distribution," for more details. Challenges to U.S. retail pharmacies due to pharmacy benefit manager reimbursement pressures, among other things, have resulted in financial difficulties for some pharmacies that may impact patient experiences, lead to determinations by certain pharmacies to not carry one or more of our significant products or threaten the viability of these pharmacies, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations.
27
Moreover, the negotiating power of health plans, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, and other supply chain entities has increased due to consolidation, regulatory, and other market impacts, and they, along with governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including