breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware or other cyber-attacks; may be unable to satisfy their commitments to us in which case we may not be able to achieve acceptable alternative sourcing; or may fail to perform at all. The foregoing risks may be heightened in jurisdictions outside the U.S., where we may have fewer alternative providers as well as face additional costs, uncertainties, and risks. Among other third-party providers, we, and the pharmaceutical industry generally, depend on China-based suppliers for portions of our supply chain. U.S. officials are increasingly considering legislation or other actions that are intended to limit supply chain reliance on China, including the BIOSECURE Act. In February 2025, the U.S. presidential administration imposed new tariffs on Chinese goods and China responded with tariffs on select U.S. goods. If enacted, additional measures could result in supply disruptions or delays, increase costs more significantly, or invite further retaliatory measures, any of which could negatively impact our business. See, Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Doing Business Internationally—Uneven economic growth or downturns or international trade and other global disruptions, geopolitical tensions, or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results" for additional information. In some cases, product or indication approvals depend on the outcome of regulatory inspections of third parties on which we rely. Third-party inspection outcomes have and may in the future delay or prevent product launches and otherwise negatively affect our business. Failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, privacy, security, or other obligations to us, our clinical trial subjects, and our patients could have a material adverse effect on our business and could also result in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry standards or subject us to reputational harm.
•
Our use of artificial intelligence (AI) or other emerging technologies could adversely impact our business and financial results.
We deploy AI and other emerging technologies in various facets of our operations and we continue to explore further use cases for AI. The rapid advancement of these technologies presents opportunities for us in research, manufacturing, commercialization, and other business endeavors but also entails risks, including that AI-generated content, analyses, or recommendations we utilize could be deficient, or that our competitors may more quickly or effectively adopt AI capabilities. Our use of AI or other emerging technologies could also exacerbate regulatory, cybersecurity and other significant risks.
Effective development, management, and use of AI technologies is novel and complex, and there are technical challenges associated with achieving desired levels of accuracy, efficiency, and reliability. The algorithms and models utilized in AI systems may have