contract manufacturer to supply contracted quantities in a timely manner or at all, increases in demand on a supplier, or difficulties in predicting or variability in demand for and supply of our products and those of our competitors have led, and may in the future lead, to interruption or higher costs in the supply of certain products, product shortages, or pauses or discontinuations of product sales in one or more markets. For example, in periods of 2024, demand for our incretin medicines exceeded production. Supply and channel dynamics in some cases also contribute to variability in financial results for our products from period to period. Further, cost and wage inflation, availability of adequate capacity in global transportation, supply chain complexities, including consolidation therein, labor market issues, international tension and conflicts, uneven economic growth or downturns, an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain products and materials, and public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics, have caused, and in the future may cause, delays or disruptions in and/or increased costs related to distribution of our medicines, the construction or acquisition of manufacturing capacity, procurement activity, and supplier or contract manufacturer arrangements, as well as other general business impacts. For more information on the additional risks we face in connection with any difficulties, disruptions, and shortages in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Manufacturing, quality, or supply chain difficulties, disruptions, or shortages could lead to product supply problems."
20
Quality Assurance
Our success depends in great measure on customer confidence in the quality of our products and in the integrity of the data that support their safety and effectiveness. Product quality requires a total commitment to quality in all parts of our operations, including research and development, purchasing, facilities planning, manufacturing, distribution, and dissemination of information about our medicines.
Quality of production processes involves strict control of ingredients, equipment, facilities, manufacturing methods, packaging materials, and labeling. We perform tests at various stages of production processes and on the final product in an effort to ensure that the product meets all applicable regulatory requirements and our internal standards. Additional testing for stability over the life of the product is also performed. These tests may involve chemical and physical chemical analyses, microbiological testing, testing in animals, or a combination thereof. Additional assurance of quality is provided by quality assurance groups that audit and monitor all aspects of quality related to pharmaceutical manufacturing procedures and systems in company operations and at third-party suppliers.
Executive Officers of the Company
The following table sets forth