declaratory judgment that the state has authority to investigate Lilly's sale of insulin under the MCPA. The court authorized the proposed investigation and the issuance of civil investigative subpoenas. In April 2022, however, the parties entered into a stipulation providing that the state will not issue any civil investigative subpoena to us under the MCPA until the declaratory judgment action is resolved, and in July 2022, the court dismissed the case in its entirety. In June 2023, the Michigan Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment in our favor. In April 2025, the Michigan Supreme Court granted the state's application for leave to appeal and ordered oral argument.
Lilly has entered into settlement agreements with two states to resolve allegations relating to insulin pricing. In particular, in February 2024, after discovery, Lilly entered into a non-monetary settlement with the Minnesota attorney general's office that resolved a lawsuit filed by Minnesota in 2018; and Lilly entered into a similar non-monetary settlement with the New York attorney general’s office in May 2023. These agreements involved no monetary payments and no admission of wrongdoing or liability.
Insulin and Other Pricing Investigations
We have been subject to various investigations and received subpoenas, civil investigative demands, information requests, interrogatories, and other inquiries from various governmental entities related to pricing issues, including the pricing and sale of insulin medications, and in some instances certain other diabetes medications, and/or calculations of average manufacturer price and best price. These include subpoenas from the Vermont attorney general office, civil investigative demands from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, and the Colorado, Indiana, Louisiana, Oregon, Texas, and Washington attorney general offices, as well as information requests from the California, Florida, Hawaii, Mississippi, New Mexico, Nevada, and Washington D.C. attorney general offices.
To the extent the foregoing governmental entities have not filed lawsuits, we are cooperating with the various investigations, subpoenas, and inquiries.
Average Manufacturer Price Litigation
In November 2014, a relator filed a
qui tam
action in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against us and Takeda Pharmaceuticals America, Inc. The relator's complaint alleges that the defendants should have treated certain credits from distributors as retroactive price increases and included such increases in calculating average manufacturer prices. In August 2022, following a trial, the jury returned a verdict in favor of the relator. Lilly has appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and the appeal remains pending.
Other Matters
Actos Litigation
We, along with Takeda Chemical Industries, Ltd. and Takeda affiliates (collectively, Takeda), are named in a third party payer class action in the U.S. District Court for