matters by associations such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and the European Commission could influence tax laws in countries in which we operate. Tax authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we do business routinely examine our tax returns and are expected to increase their scrutiny of cross-border tax issues. Changes to existing U.S. and foreign tax laws and increased scrutiny by tax authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions could have a material adverse impact our future consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
Effective January 1, 2024, several EU and non-EU countries enacted legislation (known as "Pillar Two") that provided for a minimum level of taxation of multinational companies. The increase to income tax expense as a result of the global minimum tax was not material in 2024 and is not expected to be material in current and future years. Our assessment of the impact for 2025 and subsequent years could be affected by legislative guidance and future enactment of additional provisions.
Acquisitions
We invest in external research and technologies and manufacturing capabilities that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. These investments can take many forms, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. We view our business development activity as a way to enhance or refine our pipeline and strengthen our business.
See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our recent acquisitions.
Continued regulatory focus on business combinations in our industry, including by the Federal Trade Commission and competition authorities in Europe and other jurisdictions, could continue to delay, jeopardize, or increase the costs of our business development activities and may negatively impact our consolidated financial position or results of operations. For discussion of risks related to business development activities, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business and Industry—Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies."
Foreign Currency Exchange Rates
As a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro, Japanese yen, and Chinese yuan. While we seek to manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a material impact, either positive or negative, on our consolidated results of operations in any given period. There is uncertainty in the future movements in foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in