Related Financial Instruments
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of trade receivables and interest-bearing investments. Wholesale distributors of our products account for a substantial portion of our trade receivables; collateral is generally not required. We seek to mitigate the risk associated with this concentration through our ongoing credit-review procedures and insurance. The majority of our cash is held by a few major financial institutions that have been identified as Global Systemically Important Banks (G-SIBs) by the Financial Stability Board. G-SIBs are subject to rigorous regulatory testing and oversight and must meet certain capital requirements. We monitor our exposures with these institutions and do not expect any of these institutions to fail to meet their obligations. In accordance with documented corporate risk-management policies, we monitor the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or corporate issuer based on credit rating of our counterparty. We are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to risk-management instruments but do not expect significant counterparties to fail to meet their obligations given their investment grade credit ratings.
We have entered into accounts receivable factoring agreements with financial institutions to sell certain of our non-U.S. accounts receivable. These transactions are accounted for as sales and result in a reduction in accounts receivable because the agreements transfer effective control over, and risk related to, the receivables to the buyers. We derecognized $
410.8
million and $
421.6
million of accounts receivable as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, under these factoring arrangements. The costs of factoring such accounts receivable as well as estimated credit losses were not material for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Our derivative activities are initiated within the guidelines of documented corporate risk-management policies and are intended to offset losses and gains on the assets, liabilities, and transactions being hedged. Management reviews the correlation and effectiveness of our derivatives on a quarterly basis.
18
For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the derivative instrument is marked to market, with gains and losses recognized currently in income to offset the respective losses and gains recognized on the underlying exposure. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, gains and losses are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (see Note 10) and reclassified into earnings in the same period the hedged transaction affects earnings. For derivative and non-derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges, the foreign currency translation gains or losses due to spot rate fluctuations are