operations are adversely impacted when the U.S. dollar is strong compared to foreign currencies. Further, in the event of an extreme devaluation of local currency in a particular market in which we operate, the price of our products could become unsustainable in the relevant market. Inflationary pressures in recent periods have also negatively impacted us and may continue to negatively impact us in various ways, including cost inflation, higher labor costs, and other higher expenses, with some of these higher expenses due in part to policy actions intended to curb inflation. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Financial Condition and Liquidity" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Implementation of New Financial Accounting Standards," for more details.
34
Risks Related to Litigation and Government Regulation
•
We are party to litigation and investigations related to our products, how we price or commercialize our products, and other aspects of our business, which could adversely affect our business, and we are self-insured for such matters.
We are subject to a substantial number of claims, litigation, and investigations involving various current and historical products and practices. These claims relate to how we commercialize and/or how we price our products, product safety, our operations as well as contractual matters and other disputes. We have also filed lawsuits and taken other legal actions to protect our intellectual property and address unlawful practices. See Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16: Contingencies," for more information on certain matters. Like many companies in our industry, from time to time investigations into aspects of our business include inquiries, subpoenas, and other types of information demands from government and regulatory authorities. There continues to be a significant volume of government and regulatory investigations and litigation against companies operating in our industry, as well as robust regulatory enforcement. Because of the nature of pharmaceutical products, we are, and could in the future become, subject to large numbers of product liability claims for our previous, current, or future products, or to further litigation or investigations, including related to product safety and pricing or other commercial practices. Some of these matters involve numerous plaintiffs and parties seeking large or indeterminate financial claims and may remain unresolved for several years. Such matters could negatively impact our reputation, affect our results of operations or require us to recognize substantial charges to resolve and, if involving marketed products, could adversely affect sales of the product and our consolidated results of operations in any given period. Where we are the plaintiff or complainant, we may be unsuccessful in protecting our intellectual property or mitigating harm to us from