In addition, regulatory issues and evolving standards concerning compliance with cGMP and quality assurance, including increased scrutiny
35
around excipients, potential impurities such as nitrosamines, and chemicals important to pharmaceutical manufacturing, in some cases lead to regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, delays or denials in new product approvals or line extensions or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, and reputational harm, any of which adversely affects our business. Regulatory oversight of the pharmaceutical industry entails judgment and interpretation, which can result in varying interpretations of laws and regulations by health and other authorities. In addition, changing political leadership, including the new presidential administration and regulatory leadership in the U.S., may propose, enact, or pursue policy, regulatory, and enforcement changes that create additional uncertainty for our business.
Regulatory compliance and processes in jurisdictions outside the U.S. may be particularly unpredictable and result in additional costs, uncertainties, and risks. U.S. and foreign governmental authorities are actively promulgating additional regulations and guidance that impact many aspects of our operations. These regulations are in some cases advanced with short notice. New regulations may undermine our ability to achieve business objectives, may be costly to implement, may provide only limited time for compliance, may change accounting and reporting standards, and may carry significant penalties for non-compliance. See Item 1, "Business—Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products," for more details.
We rely on the FDA and other regulatory bodies for appropriate oversight, administration and enforcement across our industry, anyone marketing or purporting to market medicines, and public health. Oversight, administrative, and enforcement changes, delays, inconsistencies, lapses, and failures could materiality impact our business and reputation. See Item 1, "Business—Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products," for additional information on regulatory risks, including as related to counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and compounded medicines.
Furthermore, there is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies on legislation and policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, carbon taxes, emissions trading schemes, sustainability, human rights and related due diligence, workforce matters, and disclosure regarding the foregoing, many of which may be ambiguous, inconsistent, dynamic or conflicting. We have experienced increased compliance costs, legal costs, and expenses related to such new or changing legal or regulatory requirements. Moreover, compliance