reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (see Note 10). Derivative contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments are recorded at fair value with the gain or loss recognized in earnings during the period of change.
We manage foreign currency exchange risk through the use of foreign currency debt, cross-currency interest rate swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts. Our foreign currency-denominated notes had carrying amounts of $
6.26
billion and $
6.03
billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, of which $
5.54
billion and $
5.34
billion have been designated as, and are effective as, hedges of net investments in certain of our foreign operations as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. At March 31, 2025, we had outstanding cross-currency interest rate swaps with notional amounts of $
218.0
million swapping U.S. dollars to euro and
402.0
million Swiss francs swapping Swiss francs to U.S. dollars, with settlement dates ranging through 2028. Our cross-currency interest rate swaps have been designated as, and are effective as, net investment and cash flow hedges, respectively. At March 31, 2025, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts to sell
6.06
billion euro and to sell
4.20
billion Chinese yuan with settlement dates ranging through 2025, which have been designated as, and are effective as, hedges of net investments.
We may also enter into foreign currency forward or option contracts as economic hedges to manage exposures arising from subsidiary trade and loan payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and Japanese yen). Foreign currency derivatives used for hedging are put in place using the same or like currencies and duration as the underlying exposures. These contracts are recorded at fair value with the gain or loss recognized in other–net, (income) expense.
Forward contracts generally have maturities not exceeding
12
months.
At March 31, 2025, our significant outstanding foreign currency forward commitments were as follows, all of which have settlement dates within
180
days:
In the normal course of business, our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates which can vary the costs of financing, investing, and operating. We seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. The objective of controlling these risks is to limit the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on earnings. Our primary interest-rate risk exposure results from changes in short-term U.S. dollar interest rates. In an effort to manage interest-rate exposures, we strive to achieve an acceptable balance between fixed- and floating-rate debt and investment positions and may enter into interest rate swaps or collars to help maintain that balance.
Interest rate swaps or collars that convert our fixed-rate debt to a floating rate are