point of sale and meets other conditions. We believe our Contract Pharmacy Limited Distribution System complies with the 340B statute, but it remains subject to ongoing inquiries and litigation that could have a material impact on our business, as discussed in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16: Contingencies." Other aspects of the 340B program, including the manner in which manufacturers can offer 340B pricing, and proper definitions of "patient" and "child site" under the 340B statute, are also subject to ongoing litigation by Lilly and/or other parties, the resolution of which could impact the growth and scope of the 340B program. For example, on November 14, 2024, Lilly sued the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) over its purported rejection of Lilly’s plan to implement a cash replenishment model to make 340B pricing available to 340B covered entities, in place of the current product replenishment model.
Rebates are also negotiated in the private sector. We pay rebates to private payers that provide prescription drug benefits to seniors covered by Medicare and to private payers that provide prescription drug benefits to their customers. These rebates are affected by the introduction of competitive products and generics in the same class.
For a discussion of risks related to how we price our products, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We are party to litigation and investigations related to our products, how we price or commercialize our products, and other aspects of our business, which could adversely affect our business, and we are self-insured for such matters."
17
Outside the U.S.
Globally, public and private payers are increasingly restricting access to pharmaceuticals based on assessments of comparative effectiveness and value, including through the establishment of formal health technology assessment processes. In addition, third-party organizations, including professional associations, academic institutions, and non-profit entities associated with payers, conduct and publish comparative effectiveness and cost/benefit analyses on medicines, the impact of which can influence pharmaceutical access and pricing.
In most international markets, we operate in an environment of government-mandated cost-containment programs, which may include price controls, international reference pricing, discounts and rebates, therapeutic reference pricing (to other, often generic, pharmaceutical choices), health technology assessments, regulatory hurdles, restrictions on physician prescription levels, and mandatory generic substitution. In these markets, healthcare services and the determination of pricing and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products are impacted by government control at the point of care or as the primary payer.
The European Commission published its draft General Pharmaceutical Legislation in April 2023. While certain elements in the European Commission draft could expedite