business processes are maintained outside of our control but would impact business operations if compromised as a result of a cyber-attack. Vulnerabilities, inadequacies, or failures are in many cases more acute for IT systems associated with recently acquired businesses, and we may be unable to entirely address such vulnerabilities, inadequacies, or failures immediately after acquiring a business or ever. As a result, our newly acquired businesses are in some cases more vulnerable to failures, interruptions, breaches, intrusions, theft, exfiltration, or attacks.
Cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, mitigate, or prevent. Cyber-attacks come in many forms, including the deployment of harmful malware, exploitation of vulnerabilities (including those of third-party software or systems), denial-of-service attacks, the use of social engineering (including phishing), and other means to compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of IT systems, confidential information, and other data. Breaches resulting in the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, exfiltration, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, interference with, or attack of, our IT systems, products and services, can occur in a variety of ways, including negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and information, or wrongful conduct by hackers, competitors, organized criminal groups, nation-states, state-sponsored or affiliated groups, current or former company personnel, and other actors. Our third-party partners, including third-party providers of data hosting or cloud services, as well as suppliers, distributors, alliances, and other third parties with whom we may share data, face similar risks, which could affect us directly or indirectly. Unassociated third parties present further risks, including by propagating and amplifying misinformation related to our products, business, and industry, including through social media. We and others in the healthcare industry have been and continue to be targets for cyber-attacks, and the number of threats has increased over time. Numerous government agencies that monitor and regulate internet and cyber-crime have issued guidance, alerts and directives warning of software vulnerabilities that require immediate patching, malicious actors targeting healthcare-related systems and nation-state sponsored hacking designed to steal valuable information.
The failure, inadequacy, or breach of our IT systems or business processes or controls or procedures, the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, exfiltration, destruction, or unauthorized access to, disclosure or use of, confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and