liabilities assumed are required to be recorded at their respective fair values on our consolidated balance sheet as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets, where applicable, is recorded as goodwill. If the acquired set of activities and assets does not meet the definition of a business, the transaction is recorded as an acquisition of assets and, therefore, any acquired IPR&D that does not have an alternative future use is charged to acquired IPR&D on our consolidated statement of operations at the acquisition date, and goodwill is not recorded. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
The judgments made in determining estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, as well as estimated asset lives, can materially affect our consolidated results of operations. The fair values of intangible assets, including acquired IPR&D, are determined using information available near the acquisition date based on estimates and assumptions that are deemed reasonable by management. Significant estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, probability of technical success, revenue projections, and discount rate. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we may deem it necessary to engage an independent valuation expert to assist in valuing significant assets and liabilities.
The fair values of identifiable intangible assets are primarily determined using the "income method," as described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
The fair value of any contingent consideration liability that results from a business combination is primarily determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, as described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. Estimating the fair value of contingent consideration requires the use of significant estimates and judgments, including, but not limited to, probability of technical success, timing of the potential milestone event, and the discount rate.
Financial Statement Impact
As of December 31, 2024, a 5 percent change in the contingent consideration liabilities would result in a change in income before income taxes of $1.6 million.
55
Impairment of Indefinite-Lived and Long-Lived Assets
Background and Uncertainties
We review the carrying value of long-lived assets (both intangible and tangible) for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. We identify impairment by comparing the projected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset (or asset group) to its carrying value. If an impairment is identified, a loss is recorded equal to the excess of the asset's net book value over its fair value, and the cost basis is adjusted.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if