for each of the next five years associated with our finite-lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2024 is as follows:
Note 9:
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment is stated on the basis of cost. Provisions for depreciation of buildings and equipment are computed generally by the straight-line method at rates based on their estimated useful lives (
12
to
50
years for buildings and
three
to
25
years for equipment). We review the carrying value of long-lived assets for potential impairment on a periodic basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment is determined by comparing projected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset to its carrying value. If an impairment is identified, a loss is recorded equal to the excess of the asset's net book value over its fair value, and the cost basis is adjusted.
At December 31, property and equipment consisted of the following:
Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was as follows:
Capitalized interest costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
The following table summarizes long-lived assets by geographical area:
(1)
Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment, net, operating lease assets, and unamortized computer software costs.
85
Note 10:
Leases
We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. We have leases with terms up to
15
years primarily for corporate offices, research and development facilities, vehicles, and equipment, including some of which have options to extend and/or early-terminate the leases. We determine the lease term by assuming the exercise of any renewal and/or early-termination options that are reasonably assured.
Operating lease right-of-use assets are presented as other noncurrent assets in our consolidated balance sheets, and the current and long-term portions of operating lease liabilities are included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. Short-term leases, which are deemed at inception to have a lease term of 12 months or less, are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets.
Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and operating lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments.
Lease expense for operating lease assets, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, was $
209.6
million, $
171.2
million, and $
148.8
million during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022,