impacted by a variety of factors. Supply considerations will continue to influence the timing and approach (including available presentations) of tirzepatide launches in new markets. Despite our ongoing efforts to meet projected future demand by obtaining additional internal and contracted manufacturing capacity, there can be no assurances that such capacity increases that we expect will be needed to meet future demand will be realized as expected or that we will meet demand in launched markets in the future. Delays or challenges in operationalizing additional manufacturing capacity could limit our ability to capitalize on demand for our products. Conversely, unexpected events that limit demand for our products or anticipated demand for product candidates would undermine our ability to realize the full benefit of significant capital expenditures that we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, to augment manufacturing capacity, may render built or in process manufacturing capacity unnecessary, and may also subject us to contractual payment obligations, which may be significant. The foregoing risks and uncertainties could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and reputation. See Item 1, "Business—Raw Materials and Product Supply" and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Financial Condition and Liquidity," for more details.
•
Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business.
We rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances, and collaborations with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product and clinical development, manufacturing, commercialization, hosting of, and support for, IT systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. As examples, we outsource the day-to-day management and oversight of some of our clinical trials to contract research organizations, certain active ingredient manufacturing, finishing operations, and device or component production and assembly to contract manufacturing organizations, and the distribution of our products through logistics providers. To support anticipated demand for our current and prospective products, we have expanded relationships with contract manufacturing organizations and other third parties in recent periods.
32
Outsourcing involves many risks, including the risk that third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements; may not produce reliable results; may not perform in a timely manner; may not maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of confidential and proprietary information relating to us, our clinical trial subjects, or patients; may experience disruption or fail to perform due to IT system vulnerabilities, such as inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security