products and those in our clinical-stage pipeline, such regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business. See Item 1, "Business—Competition" and "Business—Research and Development," for more details. Alternatively, actual or perceived failure of robust generic and biosimilar competition could propel governments to adopt additional policies and legislation that threaten our intellectual property, pricing of our products, or other aspects of our business.
Our success depends on a market that is observant of intellectual property rights and regulatory requirements. Developments that undermine that landscape can significantly impact our business and reputation. For example, we have seen an increase in the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and compounded incretins that could materially impact us. Our actions intended to stop or prevent illegal sales of such medicines may be costly or ineffective. See Item 1, "Business—Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products," for additional information on market risks related to counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and compounded medicines. If inadequately regulated, e-
25
commerce may increase the prevalence of dangerous counterfeit or diverted products and scams, potentially exposing patients to significant risks. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or diverted drugs sold under our brand name, which may also impact our business and financial results.
In addition, we rely on our ability to attract, engage, and retain highly qualified and skilled scientific, technical, management, and other personnel in order to compete effectively. To continue to commercialize our products, and advance the research, development, and commercialization of additional modalities, indications, and product candidates, we have expanded, and will likely need to further expand, our workforce, both in and outside the U.S. We continue to face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, academic and other research institutions, as well as employers near our manufacturing and other facilities, which has and may continue to increase our labor costs. Our failure to compete effectively for talent could negatively affect sales of our current and any future approved products and indications, and could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business.
•
Our business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, reputation or business.
Public and private payers continue to take aggressive steps to control their expenditures for pharmaceuticals by placing restrictions on pricing and reimbursement for, and patient access to, our medicines. These pressures have