to Our Operations—Manufacturing, quality, or supply chain difficulties, disruptions, or shortages could lead to product supply problems", "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Operations—Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business", and "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Operations—Our use of artificial intelligence (AI) or other emerging technologies could adversely impact our business and financial results."
37
Governance
Management, under the supervision of our
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
, is directly responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risks and otherwise implementing our cybersecurity program, which includes our Incident Response Playbook. The CISO reports directly to our Chief Information and Digital Officer (CIDO), who is a member of our Executive Committee and leads our information technology, cybersecurity, digital health, and advanced analytics and data science functions. Our CIDO in turn regularly updates our Executive Committee on cybersecurity matters.
Our CISO and CIDO have significant experience managing global cybersecurity threats across the pharmaceutical, technology, entertainment, and defense industries.
In addition to providing regular updates to the CIDO and his staff, the CISO is a member of our Executive Information Security Governance function (EISG), which meets regularly and is composed of executive and senior leadership from a variety of functions, including information security, legal, finance, audit, and ethics and compliance to assess and manage cybersecurity developments and risks and our internal programs. Each of the CIDO, the CISO and the EISG may call upon business and legal stakeholders across our company to manage cybersecurity threats and incidents.
The audit committee of our board of directors is responsible for oversight of the company's programs, policies, procedures, and risk management activities related to information security and data protection.
The audit committee meets regularly with our CIDO and CISO to discuss threats, risks, and ongoing efforts to enhance cyber resiliency, as well as changes to the broader cybersecurity landscape. In addition, the ethics and compliance committee supports the audit committee and board in oversight of legal and regulatory compliance. Our board of directors also regularly participates in presentations on cybersecurity and information technology.
In addition to regular presentations, management promptly updates our board of directors regarding significant threats and incidents as they arise.
Item 2.
Properties
Our principal domestic and international executive offices are located in Indianapolis. We own several production, distribution, and corporate administrative sites in the United States (U.S.), including Puerto Rico. Major production sites include facilities in Indiana, North Carolina, Puerto Rico, and New Jersey. We own several production and distribution sites in Europe