flows.
Effective January 1, 2024, several EU and non-EU countries enacted legislation (known as "Pillar Two") that provided for a minimum level of taxation of multinational companies. The increase to income tax expense as a result of the global minimum tax is not expected to be material in current and future years. Our assessment of the impact for 2025 and subsequent years could be affected by legislative guidance and future enactment of additional provisions.
Acquisitions
We invest in external research and technologies and manufacturing capabilities that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. These investments can take many forms, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. We view our business development activity as a way to enhance or refine our pipeline and strengthen our business.
See Note 3 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for further discussion regarding our recent acquisitions.
Continued regulatory focus on business combinations in our industry, including by the Federal Trade Commission and competition authorities in Europe and other jurisdictions, could continue to delay, jeopardize, or increase the costs of our business development activities and may negatively impact our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rates
As a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro, Japanese yen, and Chinese yuan. While we seek to manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a material impact, either positive or negative, on our consolidated results of operations in any given period. There is uncertainty in the future movements in foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in these rates have and could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
Other Factors
Other factors have had, and may continue to have, an impact on our consolidated results of operations. These factors include cost and wage inflation, supply chain and labor market complexities, international tension and conflicts, uneven economic growth, downturns or uncertainty, and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain products and materials.
See "Business" in Part 1, Item 1 and "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024 and Note 9 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information and risks and uncertainties that could impact our business and operations, including the matters described within this Executive Overview.
33
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Revenue
The following table summarizes our revenue activity by region:
The following are components of the change in revenue compared with the prior year:
In the U.S. for the three months ended March 31, 2025, the