applicable.
Given the design of our retiree health benefit plans, healthcare-cost trend rates do not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
Expected benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are as follows:
Amounts relating to defined benefit pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were as follows at December 31:
Amounts relating to defined benefit pension plans and retiree health benefit plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were as follows at December 31:
The total accumulated benefit obligation for our defined benefit pension plans was $
12.18
billion and $
12.74
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
96
Net periodic (benefit) cost included the following components:
The following represents the amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31:
We have defined contribution savings plans that cover our eligible employees worldwide. The purpose of these plans is generally to provide additional financial security during retirement by providing employees with an incentive to save. Our contributions to the plans are based on employee contributions and the level of our match. Expenses under the plans totaled $
249.7
million, $
222.6
million, and $
170.6
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Benefit Plan Investments
Our benefit plan investment policies are set with specific consideration of return and risk requirements in relationship to the respective liabilities. U.S. and Puerto Rico plans represent approximately
85
percent of our global investments. Given the long-term nature of our liabilities, these plans have the flexibility to manage an above-average degree of risk in the asset portfolios. At the investment-policy level, there are no specifically prohibited investments. However, within individual investment manager mandates, restrictions and limitations are contractually set to align with our investment objectives, ensure risk control, and limit concentrations.
We manage our portfolio to minimize concentration of risk by allocating funds within asset categories. In addition, within a category we use different managers with various management objectives to eliminate any significant concentration of risk.
Our global benefit plans may enter into contractual arrangements (derivatives) to implement the local investment policy or manage particular portfolio risks. Derivatives are principally used to increase or decrease exposure to a particular public equity, fixed income, commodity, or currency market more rapidly or less expensively than could be accomplished through the use of the cash markets. The plans utilize both exchange-traded and over-the-counter instruments. The maximum exposure to either a market or counterparty credit loss is limited to the carrying value of the receivable, and is managed within contractual limits. We expect all of