United States (U.S.), European Union (EU), or Japan. The table reflects the status of these NMEs and NILEX products, including certain other developments, up to the time of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
42
43
(1)
In collaboration with Almirall, S.A. in Europe.
(2)
Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of medicines to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need.
(3)
Continued approval may be contingent on verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory Phase 3 trials.
There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products and indications, business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, and commercialization of our products. There is a high rate of failure inherent in drug discovery and development. To bring a product from the discovery phase to market takes considerable time and entails significant cost. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business and Industry—Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies," for additional information.
We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines and indications. A delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. Due to the risks and uncertainties involved in the research and development process, we cannot reliably estimate the nature, timing, and costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our research and development projects, nor can we reliably estimate the future potential revenue that will be generated from any successful research and development project. Each project represents only a portion of the overall pipeline, and none is individually material to our consolidated research and development expense. While we do accumulate certain research and development costs on a project level for internal reporting purposes, we must make significant cost estimations and allocations, some of which rely on data that are neither reproducible nor validated through accepted control mechanisms. Therefore, we do not have sufficiently reliable data to report on total research and development costs by project, by pre-clinical versus clinical spend, or by therapeutic category.
Other Matters
Patent Matters
We depend on patents or other forms of intellectual property protection for most of our revenue, cash flows, and earnings.
See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of legal proceedings currently pending regarding certain of our patents.
See