develop and commercialize a portfolio of compounds. Significant product families included in the collaboration are Boehringer Ingelheim's Jardiance product family and our Basaglar product family. Glyxambi, Synjardy, and Trijardy XR are included in the Jardiance product family. Rezvoglar is included in the Basaglar product family.
For the Jardiance product family, we and Boehringer Ingelheim generally share equally the ongoing development and commercialization costs in the most significant markets, and we record our portion of the development and commercialization costs as research and development expense and marketing, selling, and administrative expense, respectively. We receive a royalty on net sales of the Jardiance product family in the most significant markets and recognize the royalty as collaboration and other revenue. Boehringer Ingelheim is entitled to potential performance payments depending on the net sales of the Jardiance product family; therefore, our reported revenue for Jardiance may be reduced by any potential performance payments we make related to this product family. The royalty received by us related to the Jardiance product family may also be increased or decreased depending on whether net sales for this product family exceed or fall below certain thresholds. We pay to Boehringer Ingelheim a royalty on net sales for the Basaglar product family in the U.S. We record our sales of the Basaglar product family to third parties as net product revenue with the royalty payments made to Boehringer Ingelheim recorded as cost of sales.
The following table summarizes our revenue recognized:
2024 revenue from Jardiance included a one-time payment received of $
300.0
million associated with an amendment to our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim. Pursuant to the amendment, we and Boehringer Ingelheim adjusted commercialization responsibilities for Jardiance within certain smaller markets.
Olumiant
We have a worldwide license and collaboration agreement with Incyte Corporation (Incyte), which provides us the development and commercialization rights to baricitinib, which is branded and trademarked as Olumiant, and certain follow-on compounds, for the treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases and COVID-19. Incyte has the right to receive tiered, double digit royalty payments on worldwide net sales with rates ranging up to
20
percent. Incyte has the right to receive an additional royalty ranging up to the low teens on worldwide net sales for the treatment of COVID-19 that exceed a specified aggregate worldwide net sales threshold.
We record our sales of Olumiant, including sales of baricitinib that were made pursuant to EUA or similar regulatory authorizations, to third parties as net product revenue with the royalty payments made to Incyte recorded as cost of sales.
The following table summarizes our net product revenue recognized:
73
Tyvyt
We have a collaboration agreement with Innovent Biologics, Inc. (Innovent) to jointly