becoming a medicine is extremely low.
•
Early Development Phase
Early development includes initial testing for safety and efficacy and early analyses of manufacturing requirements. Safety testing is initially performed in laboratory tests and animals, as necessary. In general, the first human tests (often referred to as Phase 1) are conducted in small groups of subjects to assess safety and evaluate the potential dosing range. Subsequently, larger populations of patients are studied (Phase 2) to identify signs of efficacy while continuing to assess safety. In parallel, scientists work to identify safe, effective, and economical manufacturing processes. Long-term animal studies may continue to test for potential safety issues. Of the candidates that enter the early development phase, only a fraction move to the late development phase. The early development phase varies but can take several years to complete.
•
Late Development Phase
Late phase development projects (typically Phase 3) have met initial safety requirements and shown initial evidence of efficacy in earlier studies. As a result, these candidates generally have a higher likelihood of success and trials include larger patient populations to demonstrate safety and efficacy of the candidate in treating the disease. These studies are designed to demonstrate the benefit and risk of the potential new medicine and may be compared to competitive therapies, placebo, or both. Phase 3 studies are generally conducted globally, are costly, and are designed to support regulatory filings for marketing approval. The duration of Phase 3 testing varies by disease and may take years.
•
Submission Phase
Once a potential new medicine is submitted to regulatory agencies, the time to final marketing approval can vary from several months to several years, depending on the disease state, the strength and complexity of available data, the degree of unmet need, and the time required for the regulatory agency(ies) to evaluate the submission, which can depend on prioritization by regulators and other factors. There is no guarantee that a potential medicine will receive marketing approval, or that decisions on marketing approvals or indications will be consistent across geographic areas.
See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Executive Overview—Clinical Development Pipeline," for more details about our current product pipeline.
19
Raw Materials and Product Supply
Most of the principal materials we use in our manufacturing operations are available from more than one source. However, certain materials are procured from a single source. We seek to maintain sufficient inventory to provide reliability of production and manage unforeseen supply variability. However, various developments have led, and may in the future lead, to interruption or shortages in supply until we establish new sources, implement alternative processes, bring new manufacturing facilities online, or pause or discontinue product sales in