Medicare Part B and Part D medicines under certain circumstances. Also, on January 1, 2025, the Part D benefit redesign replaced the Part D Coverage Gap Discount Program with a new manufacturer discount program. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties, which could be significant.
The IRA has, and will continue to, meaningfully influence our business strategies and those of our competitors. In particular, the nine-year timeline to set prices for medicines approved under a New Drug Application reduces the attractiveness of investment in small molecule innovation. The IRA can cause changes to development approach and timing and investments at-risk. The full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry, including the implications to us of a competitor's product being selected for price setting, remains uncertain.
Additional policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including those proposed or pursued by lawmakers, regulators, and other authorities in the U.S. and worldwide, could adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. For example, the U.S. House of Representatives recently passed the BIOSECURE Act, which is under consideration in the U.S. Senate. This legislation, if passed, could affect elements of the pharmaceutical supply chain; although as currently drafted we do not anticipate the bill would have a material impact on our business.
45
Consolidation and integration of private payers and pharmacy benefit managers in the U.S. has also significantly impacted the market for pharmaceuticals by increasing payer leverage in negotiating manufacturer price or rebate concessions and pharmacy reimbursement rates. Furthermore, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private payers may adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. We expect that these actions may intensify and could particularly affect certain products, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, we are engaged in litigation and investigations related to the 340B program, access to insulin, pricing, product safety, and other matters that, if resolved adversely to us, could negatively impact our business and consolidated results of operations. It is not currently possible to predict the overall potential adverse impact to us or the general pharmaceutical industry of continued cost containment efforts worldwide.
In addition, regulatory issues concerning compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, quality assurance, safety signals, evolving standards, and increased scrutiny around excipients and potential impurities such as nitrosamines, and similar regulations and standards (and comparable foreign regulations and standards) for our products in some cases lead to regulatory and legal