management, with the participation of David Ricks, president and chief executive officer, and Lucas Montarce, executive vice president and chief financial officer, evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31, 2024, and concluded that they were effective.
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Mr. Ricks and Mr. Montarce provided a report on behalf of management on our internal control over financial reporting, in which management concluded that the company's internal control over financial reporting is effective at December 31, 2024 based on the framework in "Internal Control—Integrated Framework" (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Due to the inherent limitations, no evaluation over internal control can provide absolute assurance that no material misstatements or fraud exist.
In addition, Ernst & Young LLP, the company's independent registered public accounting firm, issued an attestation report on the company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
See Item 8 for the full text of management's report and Ernst & Young's attestation report.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
During the fourth quarter of 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B.
Other Information
On
November 20, 2024
,
Donald Zakrowski
,
senior vice president, finance, and chief accounting officer
,
adopted
a sales plan (Plan). The Plan was entered into during an open trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of
Rule 10b5-1(c)
of the Exchange Act of 1934 and our policies regarding trading in our securities. The Plan calls for the sale of up to
4,000
shares of company common stock between March 13, 2025 and
November 19, 2025
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
Item 9C.     Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
114
Part III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance
Directors and Executive Officers
Information relating to our board of directors is found in our Definitive Proxy Statement, to be dated on or about March 21, 2025 (Proxy Statement), under "Governance - How We Build an Effective Board" and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
Information relating to our
insider trading procedure and processes
is found in our Proxy Statement under "Ownership of