expense by $269.9 million and $263.9 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
52
We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have a material current effect or that are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. We acquire and collaborate on potential products still in development and enter into research and development arrangements with third parties that often require milestone and royalty payments to the third-party contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development. Milestone payments may be required contingent upon the successful achievement of an important point in the development life cycle of the pharmaceutical product (e.g., approval for marketing by the appropriate regulatory agency or upon the achievement of certain sales levels). If required by the arrangement, we may make royalty payments based upon a percentage of the sales of the product in the event that regulatory approval for marketing is obtained.
Individually, these arrangements are generally not material in any one annual reporting period. However, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements were reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate expense or aggregate milestone payments made could be material to our results of operations or cash flows, respectively, in that period. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. These arrangements often give us the discretion to unilaterally terminate development of the product, which would allow us to avoid making the contingent payments; however, we are unlikely to cease development if the compound successfully achieves milestone objectives. We view these payments as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from sales of products.
APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
In preparing our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., we must often make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. Some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and consequently actual results could differ from those estimates. For any given individual estimate or assumption we make, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. We believe that, given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any such other reasonable judgment would cause a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity for the periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.