investment in our research and development portfolio to drive near-term success and sustain for the long-term.
106
The following table summarizes our segment revenue, significant segment expenses, and segment profit:
(1)
Early-stage research and development primarily includes costs incurred from discovery through Phase 2 clinical trials. Late-stage research and development primarily includes costs incurred from Phase 3 clinical trials.
(2)
Other segment items primarily include income taxes and asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges.
The following tables summarize additional segment information:
(1)
Includes expenditures for property and equipment and computer software costs.
107
Management's Reports
Management's Report for Financial Statements—Eli Lilly and Company and Subsidiaries
Management of Eli Lilly and Company and subsidiaries is responsible for the accuracy, integrity, and fair presentation of the financial statements. The statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and include amounts based on judgments and estimates by management. In management's opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
In addition to the system of internal accounting controls, we maintain a code of conduct (known as "
The Red Book"
) that applies to all employees worldwide, requiring proper overall business conduct, avoidance of conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, and confidentiality of proprietary information. All employees must take training annually on
The Red Book
and are required to report suspected violations. A hotline number is available on our lilly.com website and on the internal LillyNow website to enable reporting of suspected violations anonymously. Employees who report suspected violations are protected from discrimination or retaliation by the company. In addition to
The Red Book
, the chief executive officer and all financial management must sign a financial code of ethics, which further reinforces their ethical and fiduciary responsibilities.
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID:
42
). Their responsibility is to examine our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Ernst & Young's opinion with respect to the fairness of the presentation of the statements is included in Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Ernst & Young reports directly to the audit committee of the board of directors.
Our audit committee includes four nonemployee members of the board of directors, all of whom are independent from our company. The committee charter, which is available on our website, outlines the members' roles and responsibilities. It is the audit committee's responsibility to