with any such legal or regulatory requirements requires us to devote time and attention, which may be substantial, to these matters. In addition, we may still be subject to penalties or potential litigation if such laws and regulations are interpreted or applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices.
Additionally, there is increased attention from the media, stockholders, activists, political leadership, regulatory authorities, and other stakeholders on climate, social, and other sustainability matters. The perception that we or others in our industry or supply chain have failed to act in an appropriate manner, whether or not valid, results in publicity that can negatively affect our business, brand, and reputation, as well as result in increased scrutiny from political leadership, legislators and regulatory authorities. For example, negative perception of inclusion initiatives, whether due to a perceived over- or under-pursuit of such initiatives, may result in issues hiring or retaining employees, as well as potential investigations, enforcement actions, litigation, reputational harm, or other adverse impacts. Moreover, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals, initiatives, and commitments, including on climate, social, and other sustainability matters. Our ability to achieve any of these stated goals, targets or objectives is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other goals. If we fail to achieve, are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report our progress toward achieving these goals, initiatives, and commitments, it could negatively affect our reputation, brand, or investor confidence, and expose us to investigations, enforcement actions and litigation. Conversely, our pursuit or achievement of such goals, initiatives, and commitments may not be viewed favorably by certain stakeholders and could increase scrutiny of our business, negatively affect our reputation, or expose us to investigations, enforcement actions and litigation.
36
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
We manage cybersecurity threats as part of our oversight, evaluation, and mitigation of enterprise-level risks. We have based our cybersecurity program on industry frameworks, including, among others, the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, with the goal of building enterprise resilience against an evolving landscape of cybersecurity threats and responding to cybersecurity threats as they materialize.
Our program includes monitoring, identification, assessment, and management components, as well as information sharing and escalation components designed to inform