and Asia. Major production sites include facilities in Ireland, France, Spain, Italy, China, and Japan. Additional U.S. and international production facilities and expansions of production facilities are expected to come online in future periods.
In the U.S., our research and development facilities primarily consist of owned facilities located in Indiana and leased sites in California, Massachusetts, New York, and Colorado. Outside the U.S., we own a small research and development facility in Spain and lease a small site in Singapore.
We believe that none of our properties is subject to any encumbrance, easement, or other restriction that would detract materially from its value or impair its use in the operation of the business. The buildings we own are of varying ages and in good condition.
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
We are a party to various currently pending legal actions, government investigations, and environmental proceedings. Information pertaining to legal proceedings is described in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 16: Contingencies," and incorporated by reference herein.
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
38
Part II
Item 5.
Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Information relating to the principal market for our common stock, dividends, and related stockholder matters is described in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" and Item 12, "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters." This information is incorporated herein by reference.
As of February 14, 2025, there were approximately 17,903 holders of record of our common stock based on information provided by EQ Shareowner Services, our transfer agent. Our common stock is listed under the ticker symbol LLY on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
The following table summarizes the activity related to repurchases of our equity securities during the three months ended December 31, 2024:
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, we repurchased the remaining $1.98 billion of shares under our $5.00 billion share repurchase program that our board authorized in May 2021. Our board authorized a $15.00 billion share repurchase program in December 2024. No shares were repurchased under this new program as of December 31, 2024.
39
PERFORMANCE GRAPH
The following graph compares the return on Lilly stock with that of the Standard & Poor's (S&P) 500 Stock Index and our peer group for the years 2020 through 2024. The graph assumes that, on the last business day of 2019, a person invested $100 each in Lilly stock, the S&P 500 Stock Index, and the peer group's collective common stock. The graph measures total shareholder return, which takes into account both stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends paid by a company are immediately reinvested in that company's stock.