consistently followed. To do this, we assess and continuously attempt to improve our companywide safety performance to promote the well-being of employees and to help safeguard communities where we operate. We believe a holistic approach and dedication to safety helps us be our best as we deliver on our company purpose to improve lives around the world.
Information Available on Our Website
Our company website is
www.lilly.com
.
None of the information accessible on or through our website is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available through the website, free of charge, our company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. These include our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements, and any amendments to those documents. The link to our SEC filings is
investor.lilly.com/financial-information/sec-filings
.
Paper copies of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with the SEC are available without charge upon written request to:
ELI LILLY AND COMPANY
c/o General Counsel and Secretary
Lilly Corporate Center
Indianapolis, Indiana 46285
In addition, the "Governance" section of our website includes our corporate governance guidelines, board of directors and committee information (including committee charters), and our articles of incorporation and bylaws. The link to our corporate governance information is
lilly.com/leadership/governance
.
We routinely post important information for investors in the “Investors” section of our website,
www.lilly.com
. We may use our website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the “Investors” section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, filings with the SEC, public conference calls, presentations, and webcasts. We and our executive officers may also use social media channels to communicate with investors and the public about our business, products and other matters, and those communications could be deemed to be material information. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website or our or our executive officers' social media channels, is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
23
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company. It is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, results of operations, reputation, and prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us