services that rely on IT systems or business processes, could impair
30
our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure, or in the interruption or failure of products or services that rely on IT systems or business processes; damage our operations, patient and other relationships, or reputation; undermine integration activities or otherwise delay or prevent the launch of products; result in unfavorable clinical trial results by virtue of incorrect or unreliable data; expose us to ransom payment, other demands, or paralyze our operations; give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws; require disclosure to government authorities and/or regulators; expose us to civil and criminal investigations; and/or cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages, which effects could endure for a long period of time. Unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could further expose us to significant sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations around the world, subject us to litigation, and damage public trust in our company. In addition, IT system security in jurisdictions outside the U.S. is weaker and may result in additional costs, uncertainties, and risks.
We are subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal information. The legislative and regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection is continuously evolving and the subject of significant attention by regulators and private parties globally. Regulators are imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines or penalties for privacy violations, and jurisdictions where we operate have passed, or continue to propose, data privacy legislation and/or regulations. For example, we are subject to existing laws in the EU, United Kingdom, China, and U.S., all of which provide for substantial penalties for noncompliance. Other jurisdictions where we operate have passed, or continue to propose, similar legislation and regulations. Many jurisdictions, including the U.S., the EU, and China have passed, or expect to pass, restrictions on international data transfers. Compliance with current and future laws and regulations requires implementing potentially costly new controls and processes and may restrict certain core activities, including impacting our ability to carry out research and clinical studies across multiple geographies. Failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
To date, system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access,