trade sanctions or similar restrictions by the U.S. or other governments, international tension and conflicts, as well as economic stagnation, cost inflation, strains on global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets, and public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics affect our ability to do business. Among other risks, the use of tariffs and other trade restrictions increase costs and may impact clinical trials or sales of our products, or otherwise complicate aspects of our business. In particular, tensions between the U.S. and China, which have already led to a series of tariffs and sanctions, as well as other business restrictions, could further escalate based on additional trade restrictions or retaliation thereto. In February 2025, the U.S. presidential administration imposed new tariffs on Chinese goods and China responded with tariffs on select U.S. goods. Additionally, tariffs were proposed or threatened with respect to other jurisdictions, including Mexico, Canada and Europe. If geopolitical tensions were to increase and disrupt our operations in, or related to, China or other major international geographies, such disruption would significantly impact our business. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Operations—Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business," for additional information. As a further example, the financial impact of higher energy prices, defense spending, and geopolitical and economic disruptions, has further exacerbated financial pressures on governments with single-payer or government funded healthcare systems, leading to increased impetus for increases in rebates, clawbacks, and other reforms to reimbursement systems, particularly in Europe. These and similar events have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, us, our business partners, and our customers. For more details, see Item 1, "Business—Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access."
In addition to developments related to our business or financial results, or those of our competitors, uneven economic growth, downturns, or other negative global developments, could also undermine our growth or result in significant and sudden declines in the trading price of our common stock and market capitalization.
•
Changes in foreign currency rates, interest rate risks, and inflation or deflation affect our results of operations.
As a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, interest rate risk from our exposure to floating and variable interest rates, and existing and expected rates of inflation or deflation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, each of which impacts our results of operations. In recent periods, significant fluctuations in currency rates and inflation have impacted our results of operations. We are a net receiver of foreign currencies, and our results of