actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, inability to realize the benefit of capital expenditures, or delays or denials in new product approvals, line extensions or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, or other negative impacts, any of which result in reputational harm or adversely affect our business.
See Item 1, "Business—Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access," Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Incretin Medicines
At various times during 2024, demand for our incretin medicines exceeded production. Supply and channel dynamics have also contributed to variability in quarter-over-quarter revenue growth rates for tirzepatide. Tirzepatide supply currently exceeds demand in the U.S. Demand in launched markets remains dynamic, and increases or changes in demand, by dose or overall, as well as the complex supply chain, may result in periodic unavailability of certain presentations and dose levels at certain locations even when total tirzepatide supply can meet demand. Supply considerations will continue to influence the timing and approach (including available presentations) of tirzepatide launches in new markets. We continue to expand manufacturing capacity and progress efforts to bring tirzepatide to patients via different delivery presentations, such as single-use vials and multi-use pens. Production increases will continue, and additional capacity is expected to be operational over the next several years.
We have seen an increase in the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and compounded incretins. These practices may impact patient safety and undermine regulatory drug approval processes. Lilly will continue to consider all options, including filing lawsuits where appropriate, to address unlawful practices and the patient safety risks of unapproved, untested, and manipulated drugs.
See Item 1, "Business—Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products” and Item 1A, "Risk —Risks Related to Our Business and Industry—We and our products face intense competition, including from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business," for additional information.
46
Tax Matters
We are subject to income taxes and various other taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions; therefore, changes in both domestic and international tax laws or regulations have affected and may affect our effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. The U.S. and countries around the world are actively proposing and enacting tax law changes. Further, actions taken with respect to tax-related