Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access and Certain Other Regulatory Developments," for additional information regarding recent legislative, administrative, and other pricing initiatives and their impact on our results.
Research and Development
Our commitment to research and development dates back nearly 150 years. We invest heavily in research and development because we believe it is critical to our long-term competitiveness. At the end of 2024, we employed approximately 11,000 people in pharmaceutical research and development activities, including a substantial number of physicians, scientists holding graduate or postgraduate degrees, and highly skilled technical personnel.
18
Our internal pharmaceutical research focuses primarily on the areas of immunology, metabolism (including diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular), neuroscience, and oncology. In addition to discovering and developing new medicines, we seek to expand the value of existing products through new uses, formulations, and therapeutic approaches, including complementary delivery devices or diagnostic tools, that can provide additional value to patients.
To supplement our internal efforts, we collaborate with others, including academic institutions and research-based pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. We use the services of physicians, hospitals, medical schools, and other organizations worldwide to conduct clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of our medicines. We also invest in external research and technologies that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. These investments can take many forms, including, among others, licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, joint ventures, acquisitions, and equity investments.
Pharmaceutical development is time-consuming, expensive, and risky. Very few of the candidates discovered by researchers ultimately become approved medicines. The process from discovery to regulatory approval can take over a decade. Candidates can fail at any stage of the process, and even late-stage candidates sometimes fail to receive regulatory approval or achieve commercial success. In addition, novel modalities can present more challenging or lengthy development timelines. The following describes in more detail the research and development process for pharmaceutical products:
Phases of New Drug Development
•
Discovery Phase
In the discovery phase, scientists identify, design, and synthesize promising candidates by analyzing their effect on biological targets considered to play a role in disease. Targets are often unproven and only candidates that are expected to have the desired effect on the target and meet other design criteria move to the next phase of development, which includes the initiation of studies in animals to support regulatory and safety requirements for clinical research in humans. The discovery phase can take years and the probability of any one candidate