1876 by Colonel Eli Lilly. We discover, develop, manufacture, and market products in a single business segment—human pharmaceutical products.
Our purpose is to unite caring with discovery to create medicines that make life better for people around the world. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines.
We manufacture and distribute our products through facilities in the United States (U.S.), including Puerto Rico, and in Europe and Asia. Our products are sold in approximately 95 countries.
Products
Our products include:
5
6
Marketing and Distribution
We sell most of our products worldwide. We adapt our marketing methods and product emphasis in various countries to meet local customer needs and comply with local regulations.
U.S.
We educate healthcare providers about our products in various ways, including promoting in online channels, distributing literature and samples of certain products to physicians, and exhibiting at medical meetings. In addition, we advertise certain products directly to consumers in the U.S., and we maintain websites and other media channels (e.g., social media) with information about our major products. Promotion of our major products in the U.S. includes engagement by employee or contracted sales representatives with physicians and other healthcare professionals.
Our account managers service wholesalers, pharmacy benefit managers, managed care organizations, group purchasing organizations, government and long-term care institutions, hospitals, and certain retail pharmacies. We enter into arrangements with these organizations to provide discounts or rebates on our products.
In the U.S., most of our products are distributed through wholesalers that serve pharmacies, physicians and other healthcare professionals, and hospitals. In 2024, 2023, and 2022, three wholesale distributors in the U.S.—McKesson Corporation, Cencora, Inc., and Cardinal Health, Inc.—each accounted for a significant percentage of our consolidated revenue. No other customer accounted for more than 10 percent of our consolidated revenue in any of these years. For additional information, see Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 2: Revenue."
We recently launched LillyDirect, a direct-to-consumer digital health care platform designed to, among other things, provide patients in the U.S. living with obesity, migraine and diabetes with tools to help them access care from independent healthcare providers, as well as the option for home delivery of select prescribed Lilly medicines through third-party pharmacies. Programs to assist patients in adhering to treatment plans are also available for use. We have launched, and continue to explore, new partnerships and tools, including through LillyDirect, to expand access to our medicines. New initiatives may expose us to new risks or exacerbate existing risks. See, for examples, Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related