adversely impact our business and financial results. We continue to experience additional pricing pressures, rebates, clawbacks, and other changes in reimbursement policies and programs resulting from periods of uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, and the emergence or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts.
26
In addition, government price reporting and payment regulations are complex, and require ongoing assessment of the methods by which we calculate and report pricing. Calculation methodologies are inherently subjective and are subject to review and challenge by government agencies. If agencies disagree with our calculations, or the methodologies and assumptions underlying them, we may need to restate previously reported data and could be subject to financial and legal liability, which may be significant. In addition, changes to calculation methodologies could adversely affect our financial position or consolidated results of operations in any given period.
For more details, see Item 1, "Business—Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access," Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Executive Overview—Other Matters—Trends Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access and Certain Other Regulatory Developments" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16: Contingencies."
•
Pharmaceutical products can develop safety or efficacy concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, income, and reputation.
Pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of fixed duration and defined populations. After approval and launch, the products are used for longer periods of time by much larger numbers of patients, which may lead to identifying new safety or efficacy concerns. We and others (including regulatory agencies and private payers) collect extensive information on the efficacy and safety of our marketed products by continuously monitoring the use of our products in the marketplace. In addition, we or others (including our competitors, in some cases) may conduct post-marketing clinical studies on efficacy and safety of our marketed products. New safety or efficacy data may result in product label changes, or other measures that could reduce the product's market acceptance and result in declining sales. Relatedly, safety or efficacy concerns raised about a product in the same class, compounded or counterfeit versions of our products, or products with the same mechanism of action as one of our products or product candidates could be imputed and have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our products or approval of product candidates. Serious safety or efficacy issues that arise after product approval have, and could in the future, result in voluntary or mandatory product recalls or withdrawals from the market. Safety