product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, require advance notice of list price increases, establish upper payment limits or other restrictions by drug affordability review boards, allow the importation of drugs from other countries, address pharmacy benefit manager practices, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. Pharmacy benefit manager reform could be pursued or enacted in 2025. Restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private payers could also adversely impact our business and financial results. Additional policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including those proposed or pursued by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. executive branch and regulatory authorities worldwide, could intensify these efforts and adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations.
In the U.S., we are required to provide rebates to the federal government and state governments on their purchases of our pharmaceuticals under various federal and state healthcare programs, including state Medicaid and Medicaid Managed Care programs (a minimum of 23.1 percent plus adjustments for price increases above the consumer price index over time) and discounts to private entities who treat patients in certain types of healthcare facilities intended to serve low-income and uninsured patients (known as 340B covered entities). Additionally, an annual fee is imposed on pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers that sell branded prescription drugs to specified government programs, such as Medicare Part B and Part D, and Medicaid.
Changes to the 340B program or the Medicaid programs could have a material adverse impact on our business. For example, continued expansion of the 340B program and growth of entities claiming entitlement to 340B pricing, including in ways that may be inconsistent with the statutory scheme, impacts our revenue on an increasing percentage of sales. Changes to the calculation of rebates under the Medicaid program could also increase our Medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices charged to 340B covered entities.
We have implemented a Contract Pharmacy Limited Distribution System applicable to sales through the 340B program, which generally limits distribution of 340B-priced product to: (i) covered entities and their child sites; or (ii) if a covered entity lacks an in-house outpatient pharmacy, a single contract pharmacy designated by a covered entity to establish a 340B bill to/ship to arrangement. Claims-level data is ordinarily required for any contract pharmacy. Our Contract Pharmacy Limited Distribution System contains certain exceptions that permit broader contract pharmacy usage, including for "penny priced" insulin products, provided that the covered entity passes through all discounts to eligible patients at the