milestones. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, milestone payments to Roche were not material.
We have a license agreement with Almirall, S.A. (Almirall), under which Almirall licensed the rights to develop and commercialize Ebglyss, for the treatment or prevention of dermatology indications, including, but not limited to, atopic dermatitis in Europe. We receive tiered royalty payments on net sales in Europe ranging in percentages from low double digits to low twenties, which we recognize as collaboration and other revenue. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, collaboration and other revenue recognized under this license agreement was not material. As of March 31, 2025, we are eligible to receive additional payments up to $
1.25
billion in a series of sales-based milestones.
Orforglipron
We have a license agreement with Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Chugai), which provides us with the worldwide development and commercialization rights to orforglipron. Chugai has the right to receive tiered royalty payments on future worldwide net sales from mid-single digits to low teens if the product is successfully commercialized. As of March 31, 2025, Chugai is eligible to receive up to $
140.0
million contingent upon the achievement of success-based regulatory milestones and up to $
250.0
million in a series of sales-based milestones, contingent upon the commercial success of orforglipron. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, milestone payments to Chugai were not material.
14
Note 5:
Inventories
The following table summarizes components of inventories:
When we believe that future commercialization is probable and the future economic benefit is expected to be realized, we capitalize pre-launch inventory prior to regulatory approval. A number of factors are considered, including the current status in the regulatory approval process, potential impediments to the approval process such as safety or efficacy, viability of commercialization, and marketplace trends. Pre-launch inventories capitalized as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were $
601.4
million and $
548.1
million, respectively, primarily related to orforglipron.
Note 6:
Financial Instruments
Investments in Equity and Debt Securities
Our equity investments are accounted for using three different methods depending on the type of equity investment:
•
Investments in companies over which we have significant influence but not a controlling interest are accounted for using the equity method, with our share of earnings or losses reported in other-net, (income) expense.
•
For equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values, we measure these investments at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Any change in recorded value is recorded in other-net, (income) expense.
•
Our public equity investments