contingencies are accrued when both probable and reasonably estimable.
Because of the nature of pharmaceutical products, it is possible that we could become subject to large numbers of additional product liability and related claims in the future. Due to a very restrictive market for litigation liability insurance, we are self-insured for litigation liability losses for all our currently and previously marketed products.
Patent Matters
Emgality Patent Litigation
In September 2018, Teva Pharmaceuticals International GmbH and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (collectively, Teva) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts alleging that Lilly's launch and continued sales of Emgality infringed various claims in
three
Teva patents. In November 2022, following a trial, a jury returned a verdict in favor of Teva. In September 2023, the trial court overruled the jury verdict, found all asserted claims invalid, and entered judgment in Lilly's favor. In October 2023, Teva appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The appeal is pending.
Environmental Matters
Superfund Matters
Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as "Superfund," we have been designated as one of several potentially responsible parties with respect to the cleanup of fewer than
10
sites. Under Superfund, each responsible party may be jointly and severally liable for the entire amount of the cleanup.
Brazil Litigation – Cosmopolis Facility
Labor Attorney Litigation
101
In March 2008, the state Labor Public Attorney (LPA) filed a public civil action against Eli Lilly do Brasil Limitada (Lilly Brasil) in the Labor Court of Paulinia, State of Sao Paulo, alleging harm to employees and former employees from alleged exposure to soil and groundwater contaminants at a former manufacturing facility in Cosmopolis, operated by the company between 1977 and 2003. In May 2014, the trial court ruled against Lilly Brasil, ordering it to undertake several remedial and compensatory actions, including health coverage for a class of individuals and certain of their children. The trial court's ruling included a liquidated award of
300
million Brazilian reais, which, when adjusted for inflation, is approximately
1.4
billion Brazilian reais (approximately $
226
million as of December 31, 2024). In July 2018, the appeals court generally affirmed the trial court's ruling. Lilly Brasil has appealed to the superior labor court (TST).
In July 2019, at the LPA's request, the trial court ordered a freeze of Lilly Brasil's immovable property in the amount of
500
million Brazilian reais, which was reduced on Lilly Brasil's appeal and, when adjusted for inflation, is approximately
145
million Brazilian reais (approximately $
23
million as of December 31, 2024). Both parties have appealed this order to the TST.
The trial court is currently assessing the status of Lilly Brasil's compliance with the obligations as to