the Central District of California. The plaintiffs allege that bladder cancer risk was concealed from them and claim that as a result they and a proposed class of third-party payers are entitled to recover money paid for Actos prescriptions. Our agreement with Takeda calls for Takeda to defend and indemnify us against losses and expenses with respect to U.S. litigation arising out of the manufacture, use, or sale of Actos and other related expenses in accordance with the terms of the agreement. In May 2023, the district court granted class certification. In August 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted our and Takeda's petition for permission to appeal the class certification order. That appeal remains pending.
Mounjaro and Trulicity Product Liability Litigation
Since August 2023, various plaintiffs have filed lawsuits against us, Novo Nordisk A/S (Novo), and other related Novo entities, alleging injuries following purported use of incretin medicines, including Mounjaro and Trulicity. The complaints assert a variety of claims and generally seek damages, medical monitoring, and/or other relief. Most of these lawsuits have been coordinated or consolidated for pretrial proceedings in a federal MDL pending in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. In November 2024, the MDL plaintiffs filed a master complaint. In addition to the cases in the United States, there are two class action petitions in Israel.
25
Branchburg Manufacturing Facility
In May 2021, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice requesting the production of certain documents relating to our manufacturing site in Branchburg, New Jersey. We are cooperating with the subpoena.
Puerto Rico Tax Matter
In May 2013, the Municipality of Carolina in Puerto Rico (Municipality) filed a lawsuit against us alleging noncompliance with respect to a contract with the Municipality and seeking a declaratory judgment. In June 2019, the Court of First Instance (CFI) granted summary judgment in our favor, dismissing the Municipality's complaint in its entirety. In December 2020, the Puerto Rico Appellate Court (AP) reversed and remanded the case to the CFI for trial on the merits. After trial began in May 2022, the Municipality filed a motion requesting the CFI to execute an alleged judgment. The CFI denied the request, and the Municipality filed for revision at the AP, which we opposed, staying the case. The AP denied the Municipality's motion for revision. Trial resumed in October 2024.
Health Choice Alliance
In October 2019, a relator filed a
qui tam
lawsuit against us in Texas state court asserting claims under the Texas Medicaid Fraud Prevention Act based on allegations about certain patient support programs related to our products Humalog, Humulin, and Forteo. The lawsuit seeks to recover the value of payments by the Texas Medicaid Program for these products, as well as civil penalties and other relief. The action has been stayed since