unlawful practices. Due to a very restrictive market for liability insurance, we are predominately self-insured for litigation liability losses for all of our products, as well as for litigation or investigations related to our pricing practices or other similar matters.
•
We are subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities and affect our results of operations.
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous other jurisdictions, and in the course of our business, we make judgments about the expected tax treatment of various transactions and events. Changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, disclosure obligations, and interpretations, as well as events that differ from our expectations, have affected and may adversely affect our effective tax rates, cash flows, and/or results of operations. In addition, tax authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we do business routinely examine our tax returns and are expected to increase their scrutiny and examinations of cross-border tax issues, which could unfavorably impact our results of operations and cash flows. Further, actions taken with respect to tax-related matters by associations such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and the European Commission could influence tax laws in countries in which we operate, such as the enactments by both EU and non-EU countries of a global minimum tax. Modifications to key elements of the U.S. or international tax framework could have a significant impact on our effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Executive Overview—Other Matters—Tax Matters" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 14: Income Taxes," for more details.
•
Regulatory compliance problems could be damaging to the company.
The marketing, promotional, and pricing practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with purchasers, prescribers, and patients, are subject to extensive scrutiny and regulation. New business practices or commercial capabilities subject us to additional scrutiny over compliance with applicable regulatory schemes and compliance obligations or expose us to new regulatory schemes and compliance obligations entirely. Many companies, including us, are and have been subject to investigations, litigation, and claims related to these practices asserted by governmental authorities and other parties. These investigations, litigation, and claims have resulted in substantial expense and other significant consequences for pharmaceutical manufacturers, including criminal charges and fines, penalties, or other monetary or non-monetary remedies, including exclusion from U.S. federal and other healthcare programs. Such investigations, litigation, and claims remain intense as a result of evolving U.S. and foreign regulatory priorities.