the preliminary injunction order described above, these petitions are being held in abeyance as to us.
In July 2021, Mosaic Health, Inc. filed a putative class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of New York against us, Sanofi-Aventis U.S., LLC (Sanofi), Novo Nordisk Inc. (Novo Nordisk), and AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP (AstraZeneca), alleging antitrust and unjust enrichment claims related to the defendants' 340B programs. In October 2021, an amended complaint added Central Virginia Health Services, Inc. as a plaintiff. In September 2022, the court dismissed the amended complaint for failure to state a claim but allowed the plaintiffs to move for leave to file a second amended complaint. In January 2024, the court denied the plaintiffs' motion for leave to amend and dismissed the case. In February 2024, the plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The appeal remains pending.
We have multiple other challenges against HHS and related parties related to interpretations and actions under the 340B program.
Insulin Pricing Litigation
Since 2017, various plaintiffs, including consumers, states and state attorneys general, counties, municipalities, Native American tribes, school districts, wholesalers, third-party payers, and others, have filed lawsuits, including putative class actions, against us, other manufacturers, pharmacy benefit managers, and others, relating to the pricing of insulin medications, and in some cases other diabetes medications, and rebates paid by manufacturers to pharmacy benefit managers. The complaints in the various lawsuits assert a variety of claims, including among others consumer protection, unfair or deceptive trade practices, fraud, false advertising, unjust enrichment, civil conspiracy, racketeering, antitrust, and unfair competition claims. Most cases have been coordinated or consolidated for pretrial proceedings in a multidistrict litigation (MDL) pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. The lawsuits are at various stages in the litigation process.
24
In the first-filed case, a putative consumer class action, we and the plaintiffs reached a proposed settlement in May 2023. In January 2024, the court denied the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. We and the plaintiffs subsequently terminated our proposed settlement and stipulated that the court's ruling denying class certification applied to Lilly. The MDL court has issued various case management orders, including but not limited to orders establishing separate tracks for state attorney general claims (State AG Track), putative class actions (Class Action Track), and non-class suits by self-funded payers (Self-Funded Payer Track).
In January 2022, the Michigan attorney general filed a petition in Michigan state court seeking authorization to investigate Lilly for potential violations of the Michigan Consumer Protection Act (MCPA), along with a complaint seeking a