year.
67
Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table summarizes revenue, including net product revenue and collaboration and other revenue, by product:
Numbers may not add due to rounding.
(1)
Jardiance revenue includes Glyxambi,
Synjardy,
and Trijardy XR.
(2)
Humalog revenue includes insulin lispro.
(3)
Basaglar revenue includes Rezvoglar.
(4)
Olumiant revenue includes sales for baricitinib that were made pursuant to Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) or similar regulatory authorizations.
(5)
Zyprexa revenue includes sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio in July 2023.
(6)
COVID-19 antibodies include sales for bamlanivimab administered alone, for bamlanivimab and etesevimab administered together, and for bebtelovimab and were made pursuant to EUAs or similar regulatory authorizations.
68
The following table summarizes revenue by geographical area:
Numbers may not add due to rounding.
(1)
Revenue is attributed to the countries based on the location of the customer or other party
.
Note 3:
Acquisitions
We engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. In connection with these arrangements, our partners may be entitled to future royalties and/or commercial milestones based on sales should products be approved for commercialization and/or milestones based on the successful progress of compounds through the development process. We account for each arrangement as either a business combination or an asset acquisition in accordance with GAAP.
Business Combinations
When an acquisition met the definition of a business under GAAP, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date in our consolidated financial statements. The determination of estimated fair value required management to make significant estimates and assumptions. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets was recorded as goodwill. The results of operations of the acquisition are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
Manufacturing Facility Acquisition
Overview of Transaction
In May 2024, we acquired all outstanding membership interests of NexPharm Parent HoldCo, LLC and Isopro Holdings, LLC, which together own the assets of a manufacturing site in Wisconsin, for a purchase price of $
924.7
million, net of cash acquired. The facility is intended to further expand our global parenteral (injectable) product manufacturing network.
69
Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
The following table summarizes the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date:
(1)
The goodwill recognized from this acquisition is primarily attributable to the synergies between the manufacturing capabilities of the site and our products as well as the assembled workforce of the site, which is