issued our financial statements by filing them with the Securities and Exchange Commission and have evaluated subsequent events up to the time of the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
All per-share amounts, unless otherwise noted in the footnotes, are presented on a diluted basis; that is, based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the effect of incremental shares from our stock-based compensation programs, if dilutive.
We operate as a single operating segment engaged in the discovery, development, manufacturing, marketing, and sales of pharmaceutical products worldwide. A global research and development organization and a supply chain organization are responsible for the discovery, development, manufacturing, and supply of our products. Our commercial organizations market, distribute, and sell the products. The business is also supported by global corporate staff functions. See Note 12 for additional information.
Implementation of New Financial Accounting Standards
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, establishes incremental disaggregation of income tax disclosures pertaining to the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and requires prospective application with the option to apply it retrospectively. We intend to adopt this standard in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2025. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this standard on our disclosures.
ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
, requires disaggregation of specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements and a qualitative description of the remaining expense amounts not separately disaggregated. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and requires prospective application with the option to apply it retrospectively. We intend to adopt this standard in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2027. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this standard on our disclosures.
10
Note 2:
Revenue
The following table summarizes our revenue recognized in our consolidated condensed statements of operations:
We recognize revenue primarily from two different types of contracts, product sales to customers (net product revenue) and collaborations and other arrangements. Revenue recognized from collaborations and other arrangements includes our share of profits from the collaborations, as well as royalties, upfront, and milestone payments we receive under these types of contracts. See Note 4 for additional information related to our collaborations and other arrangements. Collaboration and other revenue disclosed