based on achievement (or not) of specified outcomes, are another increasingly prevalent tool. Rebates and net cost are increasingly important factors in formulary decisions, particularly in treatment areas in which the payer has taken the position that multiple branded products are therapeutically comparable. These pressures have negatively affected, and could continue to negatively affect, our consolidated results of operations. In addition to formulary placement, changes in insurance designs continue to drive greater consumer cost-sharing through high deductible plans, higher co-insurance, or co-pays, including increased utilization of co-pay accumulator adjustment or maximization programs. Supply chain entities have also increasingly imposed utilization management tools to favor the use of generic products or otherwise limit access to our products. For additional information on pricing and reimbursement for our pharmaceutical products, see "—Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access—U.S."
9
Patents, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual Property Rights
Overview
Intellectual property protection is critical to our ability to successfully commercialize our life sciences innovations and invest in the search for new medicines and uses. Loss of effective patent protection for pharmaceuticals, especially for non-biologic products, typically results in the loss of effective market exclusivity for the product, often leading to a severe and rapid decline in revenues for the product. We own, have applied for, or are licensed under, a large number of patents in the U.S. and many other countries relating to products, product uses, formulations, and manufacturing processes. In addition, for some products we have effective intellectual property protection in the form of data protection under pharmaceutical regulatory laws.
The patent protection generally anticipated to be of most relevance to pharmaceuticals is provided by patents claiming the active ingredient (the compound patent) for our products, particularly those in major markets such as the U.S., major European countries, and Japan. In general, patents in each relevant country last for a period of 20 years from their filing date, which is often years prior to the launch of a commercial product. Further patent term adjustments and restorations may extend the original patent term:
•
Patent term adjustment is available to all U.S. patent applicants to provide relief in the event that a patent grant is delayed during examination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO).
•
Patent term restoration for a single patent for a pharmaceutical product is provided to U.S. patent holders to compensate for a portion of the time invested in clinical trials and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) review process. There is a five-year cap on any restoration, and no patent's expiration date may be extended beyond 14 years from initial FDA approval. Some