government investigations, regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, delays or denials in new product approvals, line extensions or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of any issues, any of which have and could in the future adversely affect our business and reputation. Certain of our products, devices and components are manufactured by third parties, and their failure to comply with these regulations has and could in the future adversely affect us, including through failure to supply product to us or delays in approvals of new products or indications. Any determination by the FDA or other regulatory authorities of manufacturing or other deficiencies could adversely affect our business and reputation. For more information on product regulation challenges, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Operations—Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business."
We rely on the FDA and other regulatory bodies for appropriate oversight, administration, and enforcement of our industry, anyone marketing or purporting to market medicines, and public health. We have seen an increase in the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and compounded incretins. In the U.S., these activities include mass compounding based on asserted reliance on regulatory exceptions that permit limited compounding in certain circumstances by certain entities. In contrast to the strict regulation of our facilities and manufacturing practices, these actors have experienced low barriers to entry and a lack of regulatory oversight and enforcement. These practices may impact patient safety and undermine regulatory drug approval processes. If inadequately regulated, these practices could materially impact our business and reputation, including by creating consumer confusion or misperceptions about the safety and efficacy of our genuine products, diversion of potential sales and potential net price erosion for our products.
Other Laws and Regulations
The marketing, promotional, and pricing practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with purchasers, prescribers, and patients, are subject to various other U.S. federal and state laws, as well as analogous foreign laws and regulations, including the federal anti-kickback statute, the False Claims Act, antitrust laws, and state laws governing kickbacks, false claims, unfair trade practices, and consumer protection. These laws are administered by, among others, the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Federal Trade Commission, the Office of Personnel Management, and state attorneys general. State, federal, and foreign governments, agencies, and other