in his capacity as the chief operating decision maker (CODM), for the purposes of evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets, and planning and forecasting for future periods.
Our purpose is to unite caring with discovery to create medicines that make life better for people around the world. Our long-term success is significantly dependent on our ability to research and develop innovative medicines. The CODM uses consolidated net income to assess performance of our company, ensuring that we are investing in future research and development while efficiently delivering products to patients. The CODM allocates research and development resources based upon several factors, including the likelihood of technical success, unmet medical needs, and the viability of commercial success. A significant component of the CODM’s decision-making process is to ensure a balanced investment in our research and development portfolio to drive near-term success and sustain for the long-term.
28
The following table summarizes our segment revenue, significant segment expenses, and segment profit:
(1)
Early-stage research and development primarily includes costs incurred from discovery through Phase 2 clinical trials. Late-stage research and development primarily includes costs incurred from Phase 3 clinical trials.
(2)
Other segment items primarily include income taxes and asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges.
The following tables summarize additional segment information:
(1)
Includes expenditures for property and equipment and computer software costs.
29
Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
(
Tables present dollars in millions, except per-share data, and numbers may not add due to rounding)
General
Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to our results of operations and financial position. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated condensed financial statements and accompanying footnotes in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Certain statements in this Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements. Various risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in "Forward-Looking Statements" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024, may cause our actual results, financial position, and cash generated from operations to differ from these forward-looking statements.
EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW
This section provides an overview of our financial results, updates to our clinical development pipeline, and other matters affecting our company and industry.
Financial Results
The following table summarizes certain financial