general's office that resolved a lawsuit filed by Minnesota in 2018; and Lilly entered into a similar non-monetary settlement with the New York attorney general’s office in May 2023. These agreements involved no monetary payments and no admission of wrongdoing or liability.
Insulin and Other Pricing Investigations
We have been subject to various investigations and received subpoenas, civil investigative demands, information requests, interrogatories, and other inquiries from various governmental entities related to pricing issues, including the pricing and sale of insulin medications, and in some instances certain other diabetes medications, and/or calculations of average manufacturer price and best price. These include subpoenas from the Vermont attorney general office, civil investigative demands from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, and the Colorado, Indiana, Louisiana, Oregon, Texas, and Washington attorney general offices, as well as information requests from the California, Florida, Hawaii, Mississippi, New Mexico, Nevada, and Washington D.C. attorney general offices.
To the extent the foregoing governmental entities have not filed lawsuits, we are cooperating with the various investigations, subpoenas, and inquiries.
Average Manufacturer Price Litigation
In November 2014, a relator filed a
qui tam
action in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against us and Takeda Pharmaceuticals America, Inc. The relator's complaint alleges that the defendants should have treated certain credits from distributors as retroactive price increases and included such increases in calculating average manufacturer prices. In August 2022, following a trial, the jury returned a verdict in favor of the relator. Lilly has appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and the appeal remains pending.
103
Other Matters
Actos Litigation
We, along with Takeda Chemical Industries, Ltd. and Takeda affiliates (collectively, Takeda), are named in a third party payer class action in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. The plaintiffs allege that bladder cancer risk was concealed from them and claim that as a result they and a proposed class of third-party payers are entitled to recover money paid for Actos prescriptions. Our agreement with Takeda calls for Takeda to defend and indemnify us against losses and expenses with respect to U.S. litigation arising out of the manufacture, use, or sale of Actos and other related expenses in accordance with the terms of the agreement. In May 2023, the district court granted class certification. In August 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted our and Takeda's petition for permission to appeal the class certification order. That appeal remains pending.
Mounjaro and Trulicity Product Liability Litigation
Since August 2023, various plaintiffs have filed lawsuits against us, Novo Nordisk A/S (Novo), and other related