products that provide improved outcomes for patients and deliver value to payers, and continuously improving the productivity of our operations in a highly competitive environment. There can be no assurance that our efforts will result in commercially successful products, and it is possible that our products or indications will be, or will become, uncompetitive from time to time. See also "—Competition—U.S. Private Sector Dynamics."
Generic Pharmaceuticals, Biosimilars, and Compounding
Generic Pharmaceuticals and Biosimilars
Generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars can pose major competitive challenges to our business. In most major jurisdictions, the regulatory approval process for pharmaceuticals (other than biological products (biologics)) exempts generics from costly and time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy of the innovator product. As a result, generic manufacturers generally invest far fewer resources than we do for our branded products in research and development and can price their products significantly lower than our branded products. Accordingly, when a branded non-biologic pharmaceutical loses its market exclusivity, it normally faces intense price competition from generic forms of the product, which can result in the loss of a significant portion of the branded product's revenue in a very short period of time. Moreover, governments in some countries leverage generic entrants to drive price concessions through the utilization of volume-based procurement bidding and other measures.
8
Further, public and private payers typically encourage the use of generics as alternatives to branded products. Laws in the U.S. generally allow, and in many cases require, pharmacists to substitute generics that have been rated under government procedures to be essentially equivalent to a branded product. Where substitution is mandatory, it must be made unless the prescribing physician expressly forbids it. In certain countries, intellectual property protection is weak, and we must compete with generic versions of our products at or relatively shortly after launch.
In addition, competition for our biologics, which constitute a substantial portion of our products and pipeline, may be affected by the approval of follow-on biologics, also known as biosimilars. A biosimilar is a subsequent version of an approved innovator biologic that, due to its analytical and clinical similarity to the innovator biologic, may be approved based on an abbreviated data package that relies in part on the full testing required of the innovator biologic.
Globally, most governments have developed abbreviated regulatory pathways to approve biosimilars as follow-ons to innovator biologics, including the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (the BPCIA) in the U.S. A number of biosimilars have been licensed under the BPCIA, as well as in Europe and Japan. Regulatory