documented corporate risk-management policies and are intended to offset losses and gains on the assets, liabilities, and transactions being hedged. Management reviews the correlation and effectiveness of our derivatives on a quarterly basis.
79
For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the derivative instrument is marked to market, with gains and losses recognized currently in income to offset the respective losses and gains recognized on the underlying exposure. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, gains and losses are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (see Note 17) and reclassified into earnings in the same period the hedged transaction affects earnings. For derivative and non-derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges, the foreign currency translation gains or losses due to spot rate fluctuations are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (see Note 17). Derivative contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments are recorded at fair value with the gain or loss recognized in earnings during the period of change.
Foreign currency exchange risk is managed through the use of foreign currency debt, cross-currency interest rate swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts. Our foreign currency-denominated notes had carrying amounts of $
6.03
billion
and
$
7.14
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which $
5.34
billion and $
5.67
billion have been designated as, and are effective as, hedges of net investments in certain of our foreign operations as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding cross-currency interest rate swaps with notional amounts of $
218.0
million swapping U.S. dollars to euro and
402.0
million Swiss francs swapping to U.S. dollars, with settlement dates ranging through 2028. Our cross-currency interest rate swaps have been designated as, and are effective as, net investment and cash flow hedges, respectively. At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts to sell
7.59
billion euro and to sell
4.20
billion Chinese yuan, with settlement dates ranging through 2025, which have been designated as, and are effective as, hedges of net investments.
We may also enter into foreign currency forward or option contracts as economic hedges to manage exposures arising from subsidiary trade and loan payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and Japanese yen). Foreign currency derivatives used for hedging are put in place using the same or like currencies and duration as the underlying exposures. These contracts are recorded at fair value with the gain or loss recognized in other–net, (income) expense.
Forward contracts generally have maturities not exceeding
12
months.
At December 31, 2024, our significant outstanding