protections for our innovative products and indications. For example, a proposal by the European Commission to revise the EU's general pharmaceutical legislation threatens the predictability and length of certain pharmaceutical intellectual property incentives, including by proposed reductions in data protection periods. Changes proposed by the USPTO and by certain bills in Congress to limit the number of, and differences between, patents obtained could also affect the scope of patent protection for our products in the U.S.
In recent years, U.S. government officials have proposed the exercise of "march-in-rights" and various other measures that, if enacted, could have a negative impact on our patent rights. If any such proposals are adopted, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Also in the U.S., in addition to the process for challenging patents set forth in the BPCIA, which applies to biological products, the Hatch-Waxman Act provides generic companies substantial incentives to seek to invalidate our patents covering small molecule pharmaceutical products. As a result, we expect that our U.S. patents on major pharmaceutical products, including biologics, will continue to be routinely challenged in litigation and may not be upheld. In addition, a separate IPR process currently allows competitors to seek invalidation of patents at the USPTO without the protections of the BPCIA or Hatch-Waxman Act. The use of IPR proceedings after the institution of litigation pursuant to the BPCIA or Hatch-Waxman Act is currently a topic of debate among legislators and the future ability of our competitors to use IPR proceedings as an alternative to Hatch-Waxman Act or BPCIA litigation procedures to challenge our patents remains uncertain. The USPTO issued an interim procedure regarding the use of discretionary denials of IPR proceedings when there is parallel district court litigation. However, it is not clear how this interim procedure could affect the ability of our competitors to institute IPR proceedings after institution of litigation. If our patents are challenged through this expedited review process, even if we prevail in demonstrating the validity of our patent, our win may not preclude future challenges at the PTAB and is not binding on federal district courts, meaning the same patent can be challenged by other competitors.
We face many generic manufacturer challenges to our patents outside the U.S. as well. The entry of generic competitors typically results in rapid and severe declines in revenues. In addition, competitors or other third parties may claim that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them. If successful, such claims could result in our being unable to market a product in a particular territory or being required to pay significant damages for past infringement or royalties on future sales. In addition, intellectual property protection in certain jurisdictions is weak