these rates have and could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
Other Factors
Other factors have had, and may continue to have, an impact on our consolidated results of operations. These factors include cost and wage inflation, supply chain and labor market complexities, international tension and conflicts, uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain products and materials.
See Item 1A, "Risk Factors," for additional information on risk factors that could impact our business and operations.
47
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Operating Results—2024
Revenue
The following table summarizes our revenue activity by region:
Numbers may not add due to rounding.
The following are components of the change in revenue compared with the prior year:
Numbers may not add due to rounding.
In the U.S. the increase in volume in 2024 was primarily driven by Zepbound and Mounjaro, partially offset by Trulicity. In the U.S. the higher realized prices in 2024 were primarily driven by Humalog, Mounjaro, Verzenio, and Zepbound.
Outside the U.S. the increase in volume in 2024 was primarily driven by Mounjaro and, to a lesser extent, Verzenio, as well as a one-time payment received of $300.0 million related to Jardiance associated with an amendment to our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim. Outside the U.S. the increase in volume in 2024 was partially offset by the 2023 sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio.
48
The following table summarizes our revenue, including net product revenue and collaboration and other revenue, by product in 2024 compared with 2023:
Numbers may not add due to rounding.
NM - not meaningful
(1)
Jardiance revenue includes Glyxambi,
Synjardy, and Trijardy XR.
(2)
Humalog revenue includes insulin lispro.
(3)
Basaglar revenue includes Rezvoglar.
(4)
Zyprexa revenue includes sale of the rights for the olanzapine portfolio in 2023.
Revenue of Mounjaro increased 85 percent in the U.S., primarily driven by strong demand and increased supply. Revenue outside of the U.S. was $2.59 billion in 2024 compared to $328.9 million in 2023, primarily driven by volume growth in launched markets.
Revenue of Verzenio increased 36 percent in the U.S., driven by increased demand, wholesaler buying patterns and, to a lesser extent, higher realized prices. Revenue outside the U.S. increased 39 percent, driven by increased demand.
Revenue of Trulicity decreased 32 percent in the U.S., driven by decreased volume primarily due to competitive dynamics and supply constraints during the first half of 2024. Revenue outside the U.S. decreased 8 percent, driven by decreased volume primarily due to competitive dynamics and actions we have taken to manage demand.
Revenue of Zepbound in the U.S. in 2024 was $4.93 billion, compared to $175.8 million in 2023. Zepbound launched in the U.S. for the treatment of adult patients with obesity or overweight with weight-related comorbidities