biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. There is no assurance that the patents we are seeking will be granted or that the patents we hold will be found valid and enforceable if challenged. Third parties may challenge, invalidate, or circumvent our patents and patent applications relating to our products, product candidates, and technologies. In addition, our patent positions might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technologies because competing products or technologies may not be deemed to infringe our patents. Moreover, patents relating to particular products, uses, formulations, or processes may not preclude other manufacturers from employing alternative processes or marketing alternative products or formulations that compete with our patented products. Patents held by third-parties have also contributed, and may in the future contribute, to a decision by us to not pursue all potential indications for a product candidate. In addition, competitors or other third parties may assert claims that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them, or allege a third-party right of ownership in our existing intellectual property. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Executive Overview—Other Matters—Patent Matters" and Item 1, "Business—Patents, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual Property Rights," for more details.
28
Patents relating to pharmaceutical products are often obtained early in the development process. Given the limited duration of patent and data protections, the speed with which we develop products, complete clinical testing, receive regulatory approvals, supply commercial products to the market, and obtain public and private payer access are important factors in recouping our development costs and generating financial returns, particularly given regulatory and market dynamics that have and may continue to put pressure on pricing, exclusivity periods, and competition. Delays in achieving these milestones in some cases may limit our ability to capitalize on the innovative medicines that we develop or acquire.
•
Our long-term success depends on intellectual property protection; if our intellectual property rights are invalidated, circumvented, or weakened, our business will be adversely affected.
Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support our significant investments in research and development, as well as the other expenditures required to bring new medicines and indications to the market. Intellectual property protection varies throughout the world and is subject to change over time, depending on local laws and regulations. Changes to such laws, regulations, and enforcement practices could reduce