are measured and carried at fair value. Any change in fair value is recognized in other-net, (income) expense.
We adjust our equity investments without readily determinable fair values based upon changes in the equity instruments' values resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Downward adjustments resulting from an impairment are recorded based upon impairment considerations, including the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, general market conditions, and industry specific factors.
Adjustments recorded for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were not material.
The net gains (losses) recognized in our consolidated condensed statements of operations for equity securities were $(
146.7
) million and $
16.0
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The net gains (losses) recognized for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 on equity securities sold during the respective periods were not material.
As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately $
868
million of unfunded commitments to invest in venture capital funds, which we anticipate will be paid over a period of up to
10
years.
We record our available-for-sale debt securities at fair value, with changes in fair value reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We periodically assess our investment in available-for-sale securities for impairment losses and credit losses. The amount of credit losses is determined by comparing the difference between the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected on these securities and the amortized cost. Factors considered in assessing credit losses include the position in the capital structure, vintage and amount of collateral, delinquency rates, current credit support, and geographic concentration.
Impairment and credit losses related to available-for-sale securities were not material for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
15
The table below summarizes the contractual maturities of our investments in debt securities measured at fair value as of March 31, 2025:
A summary of the amount of unrealized gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss and the fair value of available-for-sale securities in an unrealized gain or loss position follows:
As of March 31, 2025, the available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position include primarily fixed-rate debt securities of varying maturities, which are sensitive to changes in the yield curve and other market conditions. Substantially all of the fixed-rate debt securities in a loss position are investment-grade debt securities. As of March 31, 2025, we do not intend to sell, and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell, the securities in a loss position before the market values recover or the underlying cash flows have been received, and there is no indication of a