hospital, patient assistance programs, and various other programs. We estimate these accruals using an expected value approach.
•
The largest of our sales rebate and discount amounts include rebates associated with sales covered by managed care, Medicare, Medicaid, and chargeback programs, as well as reductions in revenue related to our patient assistance programs, in the U.S. In determining the appropriate accrual amount, we consider our historical rebate payments for these programs, as well as patient assistance program costs, by product as a percentage of our historical sales as well as any significant changes in sales trends (e.g., patent expiries and product launches), an evaluation of the current contracts for these programs, the percentage of our products that are sold via these programs, and our product pricing. Although we accrue a liability for revenue reductions related to these programs at the time we record the sale, the reduction related to that sale is typically paid up to
six months
later. Because of this time lag, in any particular period our net product revenue may incorporate revisions of accruals for several periods.
•
Most of our rebates outside the U.S. are contractual or legislatively mandated and are estimated and recognized in the same period as the related sales. In some large European countries, government rebates are based on the anticipated budget for pharmaceutical payments in the country. An estimate of these rebates, updated as governmental authorities revise budgeted deficits, is recognized in the same period as the related sale.
65
Sales Returns - Background and Uncertainties
•
When product sales occur, to determine the appropriate transaction price for our sales, we estimate a reserve for future product returns related to those sales using an expected value approach. This estimate is based on several factors, including: historical return rates, expiration date by product (on average, approximately
24
months after the initial sale of a product to our customer), and estimated levels of inventory in the wholesale and retail channels, as well as any other specifically identified anticipated returns due to known factors such as the loss of patent exclusivity, product recalls and discontinuations, or a changing competitive environment. We maintain a returns policy that allows most U.S. customers to return most of our products for dating issues within a specified period prior to and subsequent to the product's expiration date. Following the loss of exclusivity for a patent-dependent product, we expect to experience an elevated level of product returns as product inventory remaining in the wholesale and retail channels expires. Adjustments to the returns reserve have been and may in the future be required based on revised estimates to our assumptions. We record the return amounts as a deduction to arrive at our net product revenue. Once the product is returned, it is destroyed; we do not record a right of return asset.