include research and development, marketing and selling, manufacturing, and distribution for which we may receive from or pay to the collaboration partner expense reimbursements. Operating expenses for costs incurred pursuant to these arrangements are reported in their respective expense line item, net of any payments due to or reimbursements due from our collaboration partners, with such reimbursements being recognized at the time the party becomes obligated to pay. Each arrangement is unique in nature, and our more significant arrangements are discussed below.
13
Boehringer Ingelheim Collaboration
We and Boehringer Ingelheim have a global agreement to jointly develop and commercialize a portfolio of compounds. Boehringer Ingelheim's Jardiance product family, that includes Glyxambi, Synjardy, and Trijardy XR, is the significant product family included in the collaboration.
For the Jardiance product family, we and Boehringer Ingelheim generally share equally in certain significant ongoing development and commercialization costs, and we record our portion of the development and commercialization costs as research and development expense and marketing, selling, and administrative expense, respectively. We receive a royalty on net sales of the Jardiance product family in the most significant markets and recognize the royalty as collaboration and other revenue. Boehringer Ingelheim is entitled to potential performance payments depending on the net sales of the Jardiance product family; therefore, our reported revenue for Jardiance may be reduced by any potential performance payments we make related to this product family. The royalty received by us related to the Jardiance product family may also be increased or decreased depending on whether net sales for this product family exceed or fall below certain thresholds.
The following table summarizes our revenue recognized:
In the first quarter of 2025, we and Boehringer Ingelheim amended our collaboration to adjust commercialization responsibilities for the Jardiance product family in certain markets, resulting in our recognition of a one-time benefit of $
370.0
million as Jardiance revenue. Resulting from recent amendments, we have the right to receive up to $
610.0
million in potential sales-based milestones related to the Jardiance product family in certain markets through December 31, 2026. No such sales-based milestones were recognized as of March 31, 2025.
Ebglyss
We have a license agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Genentech, Inc. (collectively, Roche), which provides us the worldwide development and commercialization rights to lebrikizumab, which is branded and trademarked as Ebglyss. Roche receives tiered royalty payments on worldwide net sales ranging in percentages from high single digits to high teens, which we recognize as cost of sales. As of March 31, 2025, Roche is eligible to receive additional payments from us, including up to $
1.03
billion in potential sales-based