deductible for tax purposes.
The results of operations attributable to this acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2024 were not material.
Pro forma information has not been included as this acquisition did not have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024.
POINT Acquisition
Overview of Transaction
In December 2023, we acquired all shares of POINT Biopharma Global Inc. (POINT) for a purchase price of $
12.50
per share in cash (or an aggregate of $
1.04
billion, net of cash acquired). POINT has capabilities in radiopharmaceutical discovery, development, and manufacturing efforts, as well as clinical and pre-clinical radioligand therapies in development for the treatment of cancer.
Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
The following table summarizes the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date:
(1)
The goodwill recognized from this acquisition is primarily attributable to the radiopharmaceutical discovery, development, and manufacturing capabilities and the assembled workforce for POINT, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
The results of operations attributable to POINT for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were not material.
Pro forma information has not been included as this acquisition did not have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023.
70
Akouos Acquisition
Overview of Transaction
In December 2022, we acquired all shares of Akouos, Inc. (Akouos) for a purchase price that included $
12.50
per share in cash (or an aggregate of $
327.2
million, net of cash acquired) plus
one
non-tradable contingent value right (CVR) per share. The CVR entitles the Akouos shareholders up to an additional $
3.00
per share in cash (or an aggregate of approximately $
122
million) payable, subject to certain terms and conditions, upon the achievement of certain specified milestones prior to December 2028.
Under the terms of the agreement, we acquired potential gene therapy treatments for hearing loss and other inner ear conditions. The lead gene therapies in clinical development that we acquired included GJB2 (which encodes connexin 26) for a common form of monogenic deafness and hearing loss; AK-OTOF for hearing loss due to mutations in the otoferlin gene; AK-CLRN1 for Usher Type 3A, an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by progressive loss of both hearing and vision; and AK-antiVEGF for vestibular schwannoma.
Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
The following table summarizes the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date:
(1)
Acquired IPR&D intangibles primarily relate to GJB2.
(2)
The goodwill recognized from this acquisition is primarily attributable to future unidentified projects and products and the assembled workforce for Akouos and is not deductible for tax purposes.
(3)
See Note 7 for a discussion on the