Our most critical accounting estimates have been discussed with our audit committee and are described below.
Revenue Recognition and Sales Return, Rebate, and Discount Accruals
Background and Uncertainties
We recognize revenue primarily from two different types of contracts, product sales to customers (net product revenue) and collaborations and other arrangements. For product sales to customers, provisions for returns, rebates and discounts are established in the same period the related product sales are recognized. To determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct customer, we estimate any rebates or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. Significant judgments are required in making these estimates. The largest of our sales rebate and discount amounts include rebates associated with sales covered by managed care, Medicare, Medicaid, and chargeback programs, as well as reductions in revenue related to our patient assistance programs, in the U.S. In determining the appropriate accrual amount, we consider our historical rebate payments for these programs, as well as patient assistance program costs, by product as a percentage of our historical sales as well as any significant changes in sales trends (e.g., patent expiries and product launches), an evaluation of the current contracts for these programs, the percentage of our products that are sold via these programs, and our product pricing. Although we accrue a liability for revenue reductions related to these programs at the time we record the sale, the reduction related to that sale is typically paid up to six months later. Because of this time lag, in any particular period our net product revenue may incorporate revisions of accruals for several periods.
Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on revenue recognition and sales return, rebate, and discount accruals.
Revenue recognized from collaborations and other arrangements includes our share of profits from the collaborations, as well as royalties, upfront and milestone payments we receive under these types of contracts.
53
Financial Statement Impact
We believe that our accruals for sales returns, rebates, and discounts are reasonable and appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. Our rebate and discount liabilities are included in sales rebates and discounts on our consolidated balance sheet. Our sales return liability is included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2024, a 5 percent change in our consolidated sales return, rebate, and discount liability would result in a change in revenue of approximately $600 million.
The portion of our consolidated sales return, rebate, and discount liability resulting from sales of our products in the U.S. was