our counterparties to meet their obligations. The gross values of these derivative receivables and payables are not material to the global asset portfolio, and their values are reflected within the tables below.
97
The defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plan allocation for the U.S. and Puerto Rico currently comprises approximately
80
percent growth investments and
20
percent fixed-income investments. The growth investment allocation encompasses U.S. and international public equity securities, hedge funds, private equity-like investments, and real estate. These portfolio allocations are intended to reduce overall risk by providing diversification, while seeking moderate to high returns over the long term.
Public equity securities are well diversified and invested in U.S. and international small-to-large companies across various asset managers and styles. The remaining portion of the growth portfolio is invested in private alternative investments.
Fixed-income investments primarily consist of fixed-income securities in U.S. treasuries and agencies, emerging market debt obligations, corporate bonds, bank loans, mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed obligations, and any related repurchase agreements.
Hedge funds are privately owned institutional investment funds that generally have moderate liquidity. Hedge funds seek specified levels of absolute return regardless of overall market conditions, and generally have low correlations to public equity and debt markets. Hedge funds often invest substantially in financial market instruments (stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, derivatives, etc.) using a very broad range of trading activities to manage portfolio risks. Hedge fund strategies focus primarily on security selection and seek to be neutral with respect to market moves. Common groupings of hedge fund strategies include relative value, tactical, and event driven. Relative value strategies include arbitrage, when the same asset can simultaneously be bought and sold at different prices, achieving an immediate profit. Tactical strategies often take long and short positions to reduce or eliminate overall market risks while seeking a particular investment opportunity. Event strategy opportunities can evolve from specific company announcements such as mergers and acquisitions, and typically have little correlation to overall market directional movements. Our hedge fund investments are made through limited partnership interests in fund-of-funds structures and directly into hedge funds. Plan holdings in hedge funds are valued based on net asset values (NAVs) calculated by each fund or general partner, as applicable, and we have the ability to redeem these investments at NAV.
Private equity-like investment funds typically have low liquidity and are made through long-term partnerships or joint ventures that invest in pools of capital invested in primarily non-publicly traded entities. Underlying investments include venture