information:
Revenue increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 driven by increased volume, partially offset by lower realized prices and unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. The increase in revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2025 was primarily driven by Mounjaro and Zepbound.
Net income and earnings per share for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased primarily due to higher gross margin, partially offset by increased acquired IPR&D charges and marketing, selling, and administrative expenses.
See "Results of Operations" for additional information.
30
Clinical Development Pipeline Updates
Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Executive Overview—Clinical Development Pipeline” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024 for select new molecular entities (NMEs) and new indication line extension (NILEX) products in Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical trials or that were submitted for regulatory review or received regulatory approval in the U.S., European Union (EU), or Japan. The following reflects certain developments since our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024:
Other Matters
Trends Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access and Certain Other Regulatory Developments
Reforms, including those that may stem from political initiatives, periods of uneven economic growth or downturns, or as a result of inflation or deflation, trade and other global disputes and interruptions including related to tariffs, trade protection measures, and similar restrictions, the emergence or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts, or government budgeting priorities, are expected to continue to result in added pressure on cost, pricing, reimbursement, and access for our products.
Global concern over access to, and affordability of, pharmaceutical products continues to drive regulatory and legislative debate and action, as well as cost containment efforts by governmental authorities and scrutiny of pricing and access disparities. Cost containment measures include the use of mandated discounts, price reporting requirements, mandated reference prices, restrictive formularies, changes to available intellectual property protections, as well as other efforts. Among other measures, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) requires HHS to effectively set prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. Currently, these government prices generally apply beginning at nine years (for medicines approved under a New Drug Application) or thirteen years (for medicines approved under a Biologics License Application) following FDA approval or licensure for the molecule, although the U.S. presidential