Item 1, "Business—Patents, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual Property Rights," for a discussion of the impacts of trends involving intellectual property on our business and results.
44
Trends Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access and Certain Other Regulatory Developments
Reforms, including those that may stem from political initiatives, periods of uneven economic growth or downturns, or as a result of inflation or deflation, the emergence or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts, or government budgeting priorities, are expected to continue to result in added pressure on pricing and reimbursement for our products.
Global concern over access to, and affordability of, pharmaceutical products continues to drive regulatory and legislative debate and action, as well as cost containment efforts by governmental authorities. Such measures include the use of mandated discounts, price reporting requirements, mandated reference prices, restrictive formularies, changes to available intellectual property protections, as well as other efforts. In 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA). Among other measures, the IRA requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to effectively set prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. Generally, these government prices apply beginning at nine years (for medicines approved under a New Drug Application) or thirteen years (for medicines approved under a Biologics License Application) following FDA approval or licensure for the molecule and are set at a price that generally represents a significant discount from existing prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. While the law specifies a maximum price that HHS can set, it does not set a minimum price. The Medicare price HHS determines may impact the product's best price determination under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and the 340B Drug Pricing Program, potentially leading to a negative impact on both Medicaid and 340B prices. In August 2023, HHS selected Jardiance, which is part of our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices effective in 2026. In August 2024, HHS announced the government-set prices for these medicines with Jardiance subject to a 66% discount compared to the 2023 U.S. calendar year list price for a 30-day supply and discounts for the other nine medicines ranging from approximately 38% to 79% below list price. Given our product portfolio, we expect additional significant products will be selected in future years, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion prior to expiry of exclusivities. The effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products could significantly impact our business and consolidated results of operations.
Other IRA provisions require drug manufacturers to provide rebates for