management and the board of directors of prospective risks and developments.
Our information security program encompasses functions dedicated to both proactive and reactive management of cybersecurity threats. We implement our cybersecurity program internally through established policies, standards, reference architectures, and the use of enterprise security services that focus on emerging and ongoing cybersecurity risks. Our proactive management of cybersecurity risks entails many actions, including the maintenance of system access restrictions, utilization of data security technology, employee education and training initiatives, and retention of cyber liability insurance, among other measures. We regularly
engage third-party auditors and consultants
and leverage our internal audit function to assess various facets of our cybersecurity program. These engagements include completion of industry-standard assessments or certifications, maturity model reviews, threat simulations, as well as internal reviews to assess the effectiveness of our cybersecurity processes. We also maintain enterprise-wide processes to
oversee and identify risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party service providers.
As examples, we generally review current and prospective third-party service providers for unacceptable cybersecurity risks, negotiate contractual provisions that require the establishment of third-party cybersecurity controls, and deploy communications security measures to protect third-party communications. For companies we acquire, the integration process includes plans for alignment with relevant information security policies and procedures and timelines for implementation.
We assess cybersecurity contingencies within our overall business continuity risk management planning process. Our Information Security team utilizes various tools to prevent, detect, monitor, and react to cybersecurity threats. Our Incident Response Playbook outlines processes, roles, responsibilities, engagements, escalations, notifications, and other communications applicable to the assessment, mitigation, and remediation of realized cybersecurity events. The nature and assessed risk of a realized cybersecurity event dictates the pace and extent of relevant processes, escalations, and communications, including an evaluation of any necessary or required disclosure. Roles and escalation paths range from within the Information Security team up to the Executive Committee, and the board of directors and its committees, as appropriate.
We describe risks faced by us from identified cybersecurity threats in Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Operations—Failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to, our IT systems or those of our third-party service providers, unauthorized access to our confidential information, or violations of data protection laws, could each result in material harm to our business and reputation", "Risk Factors—Risks Related