to the quality, integrity, or broad applicability of data, regulatory impediments, and manufacturing or commercialization challenges. Additionally, business development activity focused on new modalities may entail additional risks and costs. Business development transactions may not be completed in a timely manner (if at all), may not result in successful development outcomes or successful commercialization of any product, may give rise to legal proceedings or regulatory scrutiny, and may result in charges that negatively impact our financial position or results of operations in any given period.
See Item 1, "Business—Research and Development—Phases of New Drug Development," Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Executive Overview—Clinical Development Pipeline" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 6: Inventories," for more details about our current product pipeline.
•
We and our products face intense competition, including from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We compete with a large number of multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and generic pharmaceutical companies and, in many cases, our products compete against the leading products of one or more of our competitors. To compete successfully, we must continue to deliver innovative, cost-effective products through internal innovation or business development that meet important medical needs, provide improved outcomes and a positive consumer experience for patients, and deliver value to payers. Our product revenues and prospects are adversely affected by patient access issues, the introduction by competitors of branded products that are first to market, have better marketplace access, have greater brand recognition or are perceived as superior by the marketplace, by generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, and by generic or biosimilar versions of other products in the same therapeutic class as our branded products. Our revenues are also adversely affected by treatment innovations, including new or superior modalities, that eliminate or minimize the need for treatment with our existing products, and our existing products could be subject to decreased sales volumes, realized price reductions, or both. In some cases, the introduction of our own innovative products results in these adverse impacts for our preexisting products.
Regulation of generic and biosimilar products varies around the world and such regulation is complex and subject to ongoing interpretation and implementation by regulatory agencies and courts. Particularly for biosimilars, health authority guidelines and legislative actions could make it less burdensome for competitor products to enter the market and further incentivize uptake of biosimilars. Given the importance to us of marketed biologic