or that we currently believe to be immaterial could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, results of operations, reputation, and prospects.
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
•
Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies.
There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products and indications, business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, and commercialization of our products.
There is a high rate of failure inherent in drug discovery and development. To bring a product from the discovery phase to market takes considerable time and entails significant cost. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment and following meaningful cost for manufacturing capabilities and inventory to prepare for launch. As a result, a significant portion of funds invested in research and development programs will not generate direct financial returns. New product candidates that appear promising in development or prior to being acquired may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain or maintain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement or coverage, failure to obtain placement on guidelines or recommendations published by third-party organizations that are commensurate with clinical data, the application of pricing controls, limited scope of approved uses, label changes, changes in the relevant treatment standards or the availability of newer, better, or more cost-effective competitive products, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, insufficient infrastructure to support detection, diagnostic or other requisites for treatment, ineffectiveness in connecting with healthcare professionals, including digitally through virtual engagements, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. We may also fail to allocate research and development resources efficiently, fail to pursue or invest sufficiently in product candidates or indications that may have been successful, or fail to optimally balance trial design, conduct, and speed to accomplish desired outcomes.
Regulatory agencies establish high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products and indications. Delay, uncertainty, unpredictability, and inconsistency in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches, lost market opportunities, impairment of inventories, and other negative impacts. In addition, it can be very difficult to predict