combination, we capitalize milestone payments incurred at or after the product has obtained regulatory approval for marketing.
Acquired IPR&D consists of the fair values of acquired IPR&D projects acquired in business combinations, adjusted for subsequent impairments, if any.
The costs of acquired IPR&D projects acquired directly in a transaction other than a business combination are capitalized as other intangible assets if the projects have an alternative future use; otherwise, they are expensed immediately. See Note 3 for significant acquired IPR&D projects that had no alternative future use.
Several methods may be used to determine the estimated fair value of other intangibles acquired in a business combination. We utilize the "income method," which is a Level 3 fair value measurement and applies a probability weighting that considers the risk of development and commercialization to the estimated future net cash flows that are derived from projected revenues and estimated costs. These projections are based on factors such as relevant market size, patent protection, historical pricing of similar products, analyst expectations, and expected industry trends. The estimated future net cash flows are then discounted to the present value using an appropriate discount rate. This analysis is performed for each asset independently. The acquired IPR&D assets are treated as indefinite-lived intangible assets until completion or abandonment of the projects, at which time the assets are tested for impairment and amortized over the remaining useful life or written off, as appropriate.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. If we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying value is performed to determine the amount of any impairment. Finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when an indicator of impairment is present. When required, a comparison of fair value to the carrying amount of assets is performed to determine the amount of any impairment. When determining the fair value of indefinite-lived acquired IPR&D as well as the fair value of finite-lived intangible assets for impairment testing purposes, we utilize the "income method" discussed above.
84
Intangible assets with finite lives are capitalized and are amortized primarily to cost of sales over their estimated useful lives, ranging from
one
to
20
years. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining weighted-average amortization period for finite-lived intangible assets was approximately
12
years.
Amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets was as follows:
The estimated amortization expense