Novo entities, alleging injuries following purported use of incretin medicines, including Mounjaro and Trulicity. The complaints assert a variety of claims and generally seek damages, medical monitoring, or other relief. Most of these lawsuits have been coordinated or consolidated for pretrial proceedings in a federal MDL pending in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania; cases outside the MDL include one case pending in Georgia state court, as well as a class action petition in Israel. In November 2024, the MDL plaintiffs filed a master complaint.
Branchburg Manufacturing Facility
In May 2021, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice requesting the production of certain documents relating to our manufacturing site in Branchburg, New Jersey. We are cooperating with the subpoena.
Puerto Rico Tax Matter
In May 2013, the Municipality of Carolina in Puerto Rico (Municipality) filed a lawsuit against us alleging noncompliance with respect to a contract with the Municipality and seeking a declaratory judgment. In June 2019, the Court of First Instance (CFI) granted summary judgment in our favor, dismissing the Municipality's complaint in its entirety. In December 2020, the Puerto Rico Appellate Court (AP) reversed and remanded the case to the CFI for trial on the merits. After trial began in May 2022, the Municipality filed a motion requesting the CFI to execute an alleged judgment. The CFI denied the request, and the Municipality filed for revision at the AP, which we opposed, staying the case. The AP denied the Municipality's motion for revision. Trial resumed in October 2024.
Health Choice Alliance
In October 2019, a relator filed a
qui tam
lawsuit against us in Texas state court asserting claims under the Texas Medicaid Fraud Prevention Act based on allegations about certain patient support programs related to our products Humalog, Humulin, and Forteo. The lawsuit seeks to recover the value of payments by the Texas Medicaid Program for these products, as well as civil penalties and other relief. The action has been stayed since 2020.
Research Corporation Technologies, Inc.
In April 2016, Research Corporation Technologies, Inc. (RCT) filed a lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona asserting damages claims for breach of contract, unjust enrichment, and conversion related to processes used to manufacture certain products, including Humalog and Humulin. In October 2021, the court issued a summary judgment decision in favor of RCT on certain issues, including with respect to a disputed royalty. In July 2024, we reached a confidential agreement with RCT that requires different payments based on various litigation outcomes as determined on appeal. The settlement agreement is not an admission of liability or fault, and is subject to conditions. Pursuant to the agreement, the court entered final judgment, Lilly filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth