may be accessed through, our website or our or our executive officers' social media channels, is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
37
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
For a discussion of our market risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
. Under applicable SEC regulations, management of a reporting company, with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, must periodically evaluate the company's "disclosure controls and procedures," which are defined generally as controls and other procedures of a reporting company designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the reporting company in its periodic reports filed with the SEC (such as this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis.
Our management, with the participation of David Ricks, president and chief executive officer, and Lucas Montarce, executive vice president and chief financial officer, evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024) as of March 31, 2025, and concluded that they were effective.
(b)
Changes in Internal Controls.
During the first quarter of 2025, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
38
PART II. Other Information
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
We are a party to various currently pending legal actions, government investigations, and environmental proceedings. See Note 9 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for information on various legal proceedings.
This Item should be read in conjunction with "Legal Proceedings" in Part I, Item 3 of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Our material risk factors are disclosed in "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
The following table summarizes the activity related to repurchases of our equity securities during the three months ended March 31, 2025:
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased $1.20 billion of shares under our $15.00 billion share repurchase program authorized in December 2024.
Item 5.
Other Information
On
February 12, 2025
,
Ilya Yuffa
,
executive vice president and president, Lilly international
,