approximately 90 percent as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The following represents a roll-forward of our most significant U.S. sales return, rebate, and discount liability balances, including managed care, Medicare, Medicaid, chargeback, and patient assistance programs:
(1)
Adjustments of the estimates for these returns, rebates, and discounts to actual results were less than 2 percent of consolidated revenue for each of the years presented.
Litigation Liabilities and Other Contingencies
Background and Uncertainties
Litigation liabilities and other contingencies are, by their nature, uncertain and based upon complex judgments and probabilities. The factors we consider in developing our litigation liability reserves and other contingent liability amounts include the merits and jurisdiction of the litigation, the nature and the number of other similar current and past matters, the nature of the product and the current assessment of the science subject to the litigation, as applicable, and the likelihood of settlement and current state of settlement discussions, if any. In addition, we accrue for certain product liability claims incurred but not filed to the extent we can formulate a reasonable estimate of their costs based primarily on historical claims experience and data regarding product usage.
We also consider the insurance coverage we have to diminish the exposure for periods covered by insurance. In assessing our insurance coverage, we consider the policy coverage limits and exclusions, the potential for denial of coverage by the insurance company, the financial condition of the insurers, and the possibility of and length of time for collection. Due to a very restrictive market for liability insurance, we are predominantly self-insured for liability losses for all our currently and previously marketed products, as well as for litigation or investigations related to our pricing practices or other similar matters. In addition to insurance coverage, we consider any third-party indemnification to which we are entitled or under which we are obligated. With respect to our third-party indemnification rights, these considerations include the nature of the indemnification, the financial condition of the indemnifying party, and the possibility of and length of time for collection.
The litigation accruals and environmental liabilities and the related estimated insurance recoverables are reflected on a gross basis as liabilities and assets, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
54
Acquisitions
Background and Uncertainties
To determine whether acquisitions or licensing transactions should be accounted for as a business combination or as an asset acquisition, we make certain judgments, which include assessing whether the acquired set of activities and assets would meet the definition of a business under the relevant accounting rules.
If the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business, assets acquired and