partners, which is based on sales to third parties of licensed products and technology, is recorded when the third-party sale occurs and the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). This royalty revenue is included in collaboration and other revenue.
66
•
The net gain or loss related to the sale of rights of a product is included in collaboration and other revenue when control of the asset transfers to the other party.
•
For arrangements that involve variable consideration where we have sold intellectual property, we recognize revenue based on estimates of the amount of consideration we believe we will be entitled to receive from the other party, but only to the extent a significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognized is not probable of occurring when the uncertainties associated with the variable consideration are subsequently resolved. These estimates are adjusted to reflect the actual amounts to be collected when those facts and circumstances become known. Significant judgments must be made in determining the transaction price for our sales of intellectual property. Because of the risk that products in development will not receive regulatory approval, we generally do not recognize any contingent payments that would be due to us upon or after regulatory approval.
•
For arrangements involving multiple goods or services (e.g., research and development, marketing and selling, manufacturing, and distribution), each required good or service is evaluated to determine whether it is distinct. If a good or service does not qualify as distinct, it is combined with the other non-distinct goods or services within the arrangement and these combined goods or services are treated as a single performance obligation for accounting purposes. The arrangement's transaction price is then allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation.
Contract Liabilities
Our contract liabilities result from arrangements where we have received payment in advance of performance under the contract and do not include sales returns, rebates, and discounts. Changes in contract liabilities are generally due to either receipt of additional advance payments or our performance under the contract.
The following table summarizes contract liability balances at December 31:
The contract liabilities balances disclosed above as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 were primarily related to the remaining license period of symbolic intellectual property and obligations to supply product for a defined period of time.
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, revenue recognized from contract liabilities as of the beginning of the respective year was not material. Revenue expected to be recognized in the future from contract liabilities as the related performance obligations are satisfied is not expected to be material in any one