five years
each.  Original terms for equipment-related leases, primarily material handling equipment and vehicles, are generally between
one
and
seven years
.  Some of the Company’s leases also include rental escalation clauses and/or termination provisions.  Renewal options and termination options are included in the determination of lease payments when management determines the options are reasonably certain of exercise, considering financial performance, strategic importance and/or invested capital.  Leases with an original term of twelve months or less are not recognized on the Company’s balance sheet, and the lease expense related to those short-term leases is recognized over the
Table of Contents
lease term.  The Company does not account for lease and non-lease (e.g., common area maintenance) components of contracts separately for any underlying asset class.
If readily determinable, the rate implicit in the lease is used to discount lease payments to present value; however, substantially all of the Company’s leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate.  When the implicit rate is not determinable, the Company’s estimated incremental borrowing rate is utilized, determined on a collateralized basis, to discount lease payments based on information available at lease commencement.
The Company’s real estate leases typically require payment of common area maintenance and real estate taxes which represent the majority of variable lease costs.  Certain lease agreements also provide for variable rental payments based on sales performance in excess of specified minimums, usage measures, or changes in the consumer price index.  Variable rent payments based on future performance, usage, or changes in indices were not significant for any of the periods presented. Variable lease costs are excluded from the present value of lease obligations.
The Company’s lease agreements do not contain any material restrictions, covenants, or any material residual value guarantees.  The Company subleases certain properties that are not used in its operations.  Sublease income was not significant for any of the periods presented.
Accounts Payable -
The Company has an agreement with a third party to provide a supplier finance program which facilitates participating suppliers’ ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with designated third-party financial institutions.  Participating suppliers may, at their sole discretion, make offers to finance one or more payment obligations of the Company prior to their scheduled due dates at a discounted price to participating financial institutions.  The Company’s goal in entering into these arrangements is to capture overall savings in the form of pricing, payment terms, or vendor funding, created by facilitating suppliers’ ability to finance payment obligations at more favorable discount rates, while providing them with greater working capital flexibility.
The Company’s obligations to its suppliers,