summarized as follows:
1
Operating lease payments include $
469
million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised and
Table of Contents
exclude $
205
million of minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced.
2
Finance lease payments exclude $
2
million of minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced.
3
Calculated using the lease-specific incremental borrowing rate.
4
Includes the current portion of $
563
million for operating leases and $
87
million for finance leases.
1
Excludes $
205
million of leases signed but not yet commenced as of January 31, 2025.
NOTE 6:
Divestiture of the Canadian Retail Business
On February 3, 2023, the Company sold its Canadian retail business to Sycamore Partners for $
491
million in cash and performance-based contingent consideration with an initial fair value of $
21
million, which was recognized as a financial asset in long-term investments on the consolidated balance sheet.  The Canadian retail business operated or serviced the corporate and independent dealer-owned stores in a number of complementary formats under different banners, which include RONA, Lowe’s Canada, Réno-Dépôt, and Dick’s Lumber.  The decision to sell the business was made as part of the Company’s strategy to simplify its business model and focus on the U.S. home improvement business.
During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain on sale of $
177
million associated with performance-based contingent consideration received.  During the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain on sale of $
79
million associated with performance-based consideration received, as well as final adjustments to the selling price.  During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company recorded $
2.5
billion of pre-tax costs associated with the sale, inclusive of long-lived asset impairment, loss on sale, and other closing costs.  The cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment previously included in accumulated other comprehensive income was reclassified to earnings and included in the loss on sale.
A summary of the significant activity included within SG&A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings associated with the sale of the Canadian retail business is as follows:
Table of Contents
NOTE 7:
Debt
Commercial Paper Program
The Company’s commercial paper program is supported by the $
2.0
billion
five-year
unsecured revolving credit agreement entered into in September 2023 (2023 Credit Agreement), and the $
2.0
billion
five-year
unsecured third amended and restated credit agreement entered into in December 2021, and as amended (Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement).  The amounts available to be drawn under the 2023 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are reduced by the amount of borrowings under the commercial paper program.
Subject to obtaining commitments from