and may in the future materially reduce our earnings.  Our shareholders may react unfavorably to our strategic transactions and strategic transactions may also be subject to regulatory uncertainty due to the changing enforcement landscape.  We may not
Table of Contents
realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions, we may be exposed to additional liabilities of any acquired business or joint venture, and we may be exposed to litigation in connection with the strategic transaction.  Further, we may finance these strategic transactions by incurring additional debt, which could increase leverage or impact our ability to access capital in the future.
Legal, Regulatory and Other External Risks
Our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy.
Adverse changes in macroeconomic factors specific to the home improvement industry have in the past and may in the future negatively impact the rate of growth of our total sales and comparable sales.
Many macroeconomic factors have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our financial performance.  These include, but are not limited to, periods of slow economic growth or recession, home price appreciation or decreasing housing turnover, age of housing stock, volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in U.S. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to Lowe’s and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, inflation and its impacts on discretionary spending and on our costs, shortages, and other disruptions in the labor supply, the impact of rising interest rates, consumer debt levels, changes in tax rates and policy, outbreak of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters, geopolitical or armed conflicts, and acts of both domestic and international terrorism.  Additionally, in fiscal 2024, we continued to operate in an environment with inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, which has adversely impacted consumer discretionary spending.  If cost inflation of merchandise increases beyond our ability to control or respond effectively, we may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of the various cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand.  Sales of many of our product categories and services are driven by the activity level of home improvement projects.  Adverse development in these factors could result in a decrease in home improvement activity which could reduce demand for our products and services.
Our business has been and could continue to be affected by uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, as well as other catastrophic events, which could impact our operations.
Natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, fires, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable,