receivables at the end of the agreement.
Prior to September 2023, the Company also had an agreement with Synchrony under which Synchrony purchased at face value commercial business accounts receivable originated by the Company and serviced those accounts.  The Company primarily accounted for these transfers as sales of the accounts receivable.  When the Company transferred its commercial business accounts receivable, it retained certain interests in those receivables, including the funding of a loss reserve and its obligation related to Synchrony’s ongoing servicing of the receivables sold.  Any gain or loss on the sale was determined based on the previous carrying amounts of the transferred assets allocated at fair value between the receivables sold and the interests
Table of Contents
retained.  Fair value was based on the present value of expected future cash flows, taking into account the key assumptions of anticipated credit losses, payment rates, late fee rates, Synchrony’s servicing costs, and the discount rate commensurate with the uncertainty involved.  Due to the short-term nature of the receivables sold, changes to the key assumptions would not materially impact the recorded gain or loss on the sales of receivables or the fair value of the retained interests in the receivables.
In 2023, Synchrony exercised an option under the agreement to directly extend credit to the commercial accounts receivable customers, for which the related transition period was completed in August 2023.  In 2023, prior to the option’s effective date, $
3.1
billion of accounts receivable were sold to Synchrony and the Company recognized a loss of $
63
million related to the servicing costs remitted to Synchrony monthly.  In 2022, total commercial business accounts receivable sold to Synchrony were  $
5.2
billion and the Company recognized a loss of $
76
million.
Property and Depreciation
- Property is recorded at cost.  Costs associated with major additions are capitalized and depreciated.  Capital assets are expected to yield future benefits and have original useful lives which exceed one year.  The total cost of a capital asset generally includes all applicable sales taxes, delivery costs, installation costs, and other appropriate costs incurred by the Company, including interest in the case of self-constructed assets.  Upon disposal, the cost of properties and related accumulated depreciation is removed from the accounts, with gains and losses reflected in SG&A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Property consists of land, buildings and building improvements, equipment, and construction in progress.  Buildings and building improvements includes owned buildings, as well as buildings under finance lease and leasehold improvements.  Equipment primarily includes store racking and displays, computer hardware and software, forklifts, vehicles, finance lease equipment, and other store equipment
.
In addition, excess properties held for use are