needed to implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals.  The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive.  Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers’ expectations, if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the Company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retail environment.
We have many competitors who could take sales and market share from us if we fail to execute our strategic initiatives effectively, or if they develop a substantially more effective or lower cost means of meeting customer needs, resulting in a negative impact on our business and results of operations.
We operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and services and have numerous large and small, direct and indirect competitors.  The principal competitive factors in our industry include location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, in-stock levels, customer service, and the evolution of technology and customer expectations.  We face growing competition from online and omnichannel retailers who have a similar product or service offering.  Customers are increasingly able to quickly comparison shop and determine real-time product availability and price using digital tools.  We will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization and integration of rapidly evolving technologies, including AI and machine learning technologies.  Further, online and omnichannel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, as customers are increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times, including same-day and next-day fulfillment, low-price or free shipping, and convenient pick-up options, and we must make investments to keep up with our customers’ evolving shopping preferences.  Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation, including our market-based delivery model, and our relationships with third parties providing delivery services.  Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance.  Moreover, changes in the promotional pricing and other practices of