the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of January 31, 2025, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated March 24, 2025, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of January 31, 2025, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived.
Basis for Review Results
This interim financial information is the responsibility of the Company’s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our reviews in accordance with standards of the PCAOB. A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Charlotte, North Carolina
May 29, 2025
Table of Contents
Item 2.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
This discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, liquidity and capital resources during the three months ended May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024.  This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 (the Annual Report), as well as the consolidated financial statements (unaudited) and notes to the consolidated financial statements (unaudited) contained in this report.  Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons made are to the corresponding period of fiscal 2024.  This discussion and analysis is presented in four sections:
•
Executive Overview
•
Operations
•
Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources
•
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW
The following table highlights our financial results:
1
Repurchases of common stock on a trade-date basis.
Net sales in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 declined 2.0% to $20.9 billion compared to net sales of $21.4 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2024.  Comparable sales for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 decreased