consolidated financial statements (unaudited).
1
A comparable location is defined as a retail location that has been open longer than 13 months.
A location that is identified for relocation is no longer considered comparable in the month of its relocation.
The relocated location must then remain open longer than 13 months to be considered comparable.
A location we decide to close is no longer considered comparable as of the beginning of the month in which we announce its closing.  Operating locations which are sold are included in comparable sales until the date of sale.  Comparable sales are presented on a transacted basis when tender is accepted from a customer.  Comparable sales include online sales, which positively impacted first quarter fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 comparable sales by approximately 65 basis points and 10 basis points, respectively.  The comparable store sales calculation included in the preceding table was calculated using comparable 13-week periods.
2
In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company adjusted its customer transactions metric to exclude certain order modifications which were previously included as a separate transaction.  The prior year period has been adjusted to align with the current period presentation.
3
Average ticket is defined as net sales divided by the total number of customer transactions.
Table of Contents
4
Average store size selling square feet is defined as sales floor square feet divided by the number of stores open at the end of the period.
5
Return on invested capital is calculated using a non-GAAP financial measure.  See below for additional information and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Return on Invested Capital
Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) is calculated using a non-GAAP financial measure.  Management believes ROIC is a meaningful metric for analysts and investors as a measure of how effectively the Company is using capital to generate financial returns.  Although ROIC is a common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating ROIC.  Accordingly, the method used by our management may differ from the methods used by other companies.  We encourage you to understand the methods used by another company to calculate ROIC before comparing its ROIC to ours.
We define ROIC as the rolling 12 months’ lease adjusted net operating profit after tax (Lease adjusted NOPAT) divided by the average of current year and prior year ending debt and shareholders’ deficit.  Lease adjusted NOPAT is a non-GAAP financial measure, and net earnings is considered to be the most comparable GAAP financial measure.  The calculation of ROIC, together with a reconciliation of net earnings to Lease adjusted NOPAT, is as follows:
1
Income tax adjustment is defined as lease adjusted net operating profit multiplied by the effective tax rate, which was 24.0% and 24.3% for the periods ended May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024, respectively.
2
Average debt and shareholders’ deficit is