normally required in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).  The condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited), in the opinion of management, contain all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the consolidated balance sheets as of May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024, and the statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the three months ended May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024.  The January 31, 2025, consolidated balance sheet was derived from the audited financial statements.
These interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (the Company) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 (the Annual Report).  The financial results for the interim periods may not be indicative of the financial results for the entire fiscal year.
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
There have been no significant changes in the accounting pronouncements not yet adopted from those disclosed in the Annual Report.  Accounting pronouncements not disclosed in this Form 10-Q or in the Annual Report are either not applicable to the Company or are not expected to have a material impact to the Company.
Note 2:
Acquisition
On April 9, 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Artisan Design Group (ADG) for $
1.325
billion.  ADG is a leading nationwide provider of design, distribution and installation services for interior surface finishers, including flooring, cabinets and countertops, to national, regional and local home builders and property managers.  The acquisition is expected to expand the Company’s Pro customer offering into a new distribution channel within a highly fragmented market.  The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2025.
Note 3:
Revenue
Net sales consists primarily of revenue, net of sales tax, associated with contracts with customers for the sale of goods and services in amounts that reflect consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for those goods and services.
The following table presents the Company’s sources of revenue:
A provision for anticipated merchandise returns is provided through a reduction of sales and cost of sales in the period that the related sales are recorded.  The merchandise return reserve is presented on a gross basis, with a separate asset and liability included in the consolidated balance sheets.
The balances and classification within the consolidated balance sheets for
Table of Contents
anticipated sales returns and the associated right of return assets are as follows:
Deferred revenue - retail and stored-value cards
Retail deferred revenue consists of amounts received for which customers have not yet taken possession of the