standard shipping rates.  Also, the nationwide expansion of our gig provider network enables same-day delivery of certain products from our stores, and as of fiscal 2024, we have the ability to deliver major appliances next-day in almost every zip code in the United States.  Customer needs and buying patterns are constantly changing, and our supply chain will continue to evolve to meet their needs.  We are building an omnichannel supply chain that positions the right products in the right quantities in the right places, and operates with greater network capacity with better flow management and optimization.
Table of Contents
Our Services
Installed Sales
We offer installation services through independent contractors in many of our product categories, with Kitchen & Bath, Flooring, Appliances, Millwork, and Rough Plumbing accounting for the majority of installed sales.  Our installed sales model, which separates selling and project administration tasks, allows our sales associates to focus on project selling, while project managers ensure that the details related to installing the products are efficiently executed.  We are simplifying the process through a team of remote associates that we call our central selling team.  This team handles building quotes, answering questions over video or phone call, and providing personalized support to our customers.  We are also implementing technology that allows our customers to finalize their installation contract and checkout on lowes.com or mobile application, so they do not need to return to the store.
Installed sales, which includes both product and
labor, accounted for approximately 5% of total sales in fiscal 2024.
Lowe’s Protection Plans and Repair Services
We offer extended protection plans for certain products within the Appliances, Kitchens & Bath, Décor, Millwork, Rough Plumbing, Electrical, Seasonal & Outdoor Living, Tools, and Hardware categories.  These protection plans provide customers with product protection that enhances the coverage offered by the manufacturer’s warranty and provide additional benefits and repair services that extend beyond the manufacturer’s warranty.
Seasonality and Working Capital
The home improvement business in general is subject to seasonal influences, particularly related to the spring selling season.  Historically, we have realized the highest volume of sales during our second fiscal quarter (May, June, and July) and the lowest volume of sales during our fourth fiscal quarter (November, December, and January).  Accordingly, our working capital requirements have historically been greater during our fourth fiscal quarter as we build inventory in anticipation of the spring selling season and as we experience lower fourth fiscal quarter sales volumes.  We fund our working capital requirements primarily through cash flows generated from operations, but also with short-term borrowings, as needed.  For more detailed information, see the Financial Condition, Liquidity and