our competitors, including the effects of competitor liquidation activities, may impact our results.
If we fail to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates or corporate support staff with the capabilities of delivering on strategic objectives, our labor costs and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
Our customers expect our associates to be well trained and knowledgeable about the products we sell and the home improvement services we provide.  We compete with other retailers for many of our associates, and we are experiencing a competitive labor market with low unemployment.  Increasingly, our sales associates must have expanded skill sets.  It is important that we attract and retain a qualified workforce that can deliver relevant, competent, and differentiated experiences for a wide variety of culturally diverse customers.  Additionally, in order to deliver on the omnichannel expectations of our customers and related strategic objectives, we rely on the specialized training and capabilities of corporate support staff, which are broadly sought after by our competitors.  Further, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the Company's senior leadership, are critical to our business success.  The loss of key executive or senior officers or our failure to adequately plan for succession of senior management personnel could impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives.  If we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected.
Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics and the adoption of new or revised legislation or regulations governing immigration, employment, labor relations, minimum wage, health care benefits, and family and medical leave.  We are subject to upward pressure on associate wages and employer-provided benefits, which in turn increases labor costs.  Additionally, many associates are in entry-level or part-time roles with historically higher turnover rates, which leads to increased training and retention costs.  Further, we are subject to labor organizing efforts from time to time, and if we become subject to collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could affect how we operate our business.  Our response to any organizing efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation.  In addition to our United States operations, we have support
Table of Contents
offices in India and China, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could