national and regional home improvement warehouse chains and lumber yards in most of the markets we serve.  We also compete with traditional hardware, plumbing, electrical, and home supply retailers, as well as paint stores, lumber yards, garden centers, and maintenance and repair organizations.  In addition, we compete with general merchandise retailers, home goods specialty stores, warehouse clubs, online retailers, other specialty retailers, providers of equipment and tool rental, service providers that install home improvement products, and wholesalers that provide home-related products and services to homeowners, renters, businesses, and the government.
Location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, and customer service continue to be key competitive factors in our industry, while the evolution of technology, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies, expansion of fulfillment capabilities, and customer expectations also underscore the importance of omnichannel capabilities as a competitive factor.  See further discussion of competition in
Item 1A
, “Risk Factors”, of this Annual Report.
Our Omnichannel Capabilities
We are committed to meeting customer demand to shop however, whenever, and wherever they choose.  Our omnichannel network provides a single view of the customer, no matter where they place their order, whether in-store, online, on-site or through the contact center.  This allows our customers to move from channel to channel with simple and seamless transitions even within the same transaction.  For example, for many projects, the majority of our customers conduct research online before making an in-store purchase.  For purchases made on Lowes.com, customers may pick up their purchase in-store at the customer service desk, curbside, or from touchless lockers, or have their purchase delivered to their home or business.  In addition, flexible fulfillment options are available for in-store purchases and those made through the contact center.  Regardless of the channels through which customers choose to engage with us, we strive to provide them with a seamless experience across channels and an extended aisle of products, enabled by our flexible fulfillment capabilities.  Our ability to sell products in-store, online, on-site, or through our contact centers speaks to our leverage of our existing infrastructure with the omnichannel capabilities we continue to introduce.
In-Store
Our
1,748
Lowe’s-branded home improvement stores and outlet stores are generally open seven days per week and average approximately 112,000 square feet of retail selling space, plus approximately 32,000 square feet of outdoor garden center selling space.  Our home improvement stores offer similar products and services, with certain variations based on localization, along with a dedicated team of knowledgeable and friendly frontline associates available to assist our customers.  We continue to develop and implement