factors including, but not limited to, global health crises, geopolitical conflicts, trade policy changes, and additional tariffs, have affected and may continue to affect our business and results of operations.
We source, stock, and sell products from domestic and international vendors, and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success.  Catastrophic events, extreme weather conditions, public health crises, and global economic and political conditions may adversely affect our global supply chain.  For example, impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic placed strains on the domestic and international supply chain, which negatively affected the flow and availability of our products in the past, due to difficulties in timely obtaining products from the manufacturers and suppliers of our products.
We source, both directly and indirectly, a portion of the products we sell from foreign manufacturers, with China and Mexico being the dominant import sources.  Tax and trade policies, tariffs, and other regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries, such as China and Mexico, increase the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the United States, which represents a large percentage of our private branded and national brand merchandise.  It remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs, customs actions, or trade relations may evolve in the future, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity, and net income.  In addition, other countries have responded by changing their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy and regulations already enacted or that may be enacted in the future.  Complications in the free movement of goods in North America, an escalation of tariff activity elsewhere in the world or changes to existing free trade agreements, like the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), could adversely impact our financial results. Increased import tariffs and other changes in trade policy could also negatively impact consumer demand for the products we sell.  In addition to the potential direct impacts of increased tariff activity, longer term macroeconomic consequences could result, including slower growth, inflation, and higher interest rates.  The degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of tariffs.  The impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases by us and our competitors.  While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
Financial instability among key vendors, political instability, geopolitical or armed conflicts, and labor unrest in source countries or elsewhere in