with our U.S. transportation footprint.
Waste
We partner with suppliers to improve recycling and waste diversion, develop regional management processes, measure waste streams, and conduct waste audits.  At a local level, store waste, including cardboard, broken appliances, and wood pallets, is recycled through national and regional partners, and we provide in-store recycling and reuse centers for our customers to bring in plastic planter pots, compact fluorescent lamp bulbs, plastic bags, and rechargeable batteries.  In our fourth year collaborating with How2Recycle, we continue to educate customers and encourage proper recycling of our product packaging.  As technology and innovative practices improve, we will continue to explore opportunities to participate in the circular economy.
Water
While our water consumption is modest compared with other industries, we continue to focus on reducing water consumption within our operations.  We use smart irrigation controllers for efficient watering at most stores and have been exploring other water-efficient measures to increase water savings in our stores and garden centers.  Additionally, we use leak detection technology to catch leaks as they occur to prevent unnecessary water use.  We also have protocols in place to manage the disposal of chemicals to prevent release into waterways of the communities we serve.
Corporate Responsibility Reporting
Lowe’s participates in the CDP’s climate change, forests, and water security questionnaires to benchmark and quantify our environmental practices and provide transparency on our progress.  Lowe’s continues to externally verify our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, as well as scope 3 Use of Sold Product GHG emissions and water usage data to increase confidence in our reporting.  Additionally, our annual Corporate Responsibility Report is guided by the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board, the Global Reporting Initiative, and the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, and we publish our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Report to assess our climate-related risks and opportunities and better understand the potential impacts on our value chain.
Additional information regarding our activities related to our human capital strategy, as well as our workforce diversity data, latest community improvement projects, and sustainability efforts can be found in our Corporate Responsibility Report and Culture, Diversity & Inclusion Report, which are published annually and can be found on our website at
responsibility.lowes.com
.  The contents of these reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC.
Table of Contents
Available Information
Our Annual Report, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made available free of