spring inventory build for the current year.
Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities primarily consists of transactions related to capital expenditures.  Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans.  Capital expenditures were $518 million and $382 million for the three months ended May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024, respectively.  For fiscal 2025, our guidance for capital expenditures is approximately $2.5 billion.
Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities primarily consists of transactions related to our debt, share repurchases, and cash dividend payments.
Debt
Our commercial paper program is supported by the 2023 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.  The amounts available to be drawn under the 2023 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are reduced by the amount of borrowings under our commercial paper program.  There were no outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program, 2023 Credit Agreement, or the Third Amended and Restated Credit
Table of Contents
Agreement as of May 2, 2025.  Total combined availability under the 2023 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as of May 2, 2025 was $4.0 billion.
The 2023 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants.  We were in compliance with those covenants at May 2, 2025.
The following table includes additional information related to our debt for the three months ended May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024:
Share Repurchases
We have an ongoing share repurchase program, authorized by the Company’s Board of Directors, that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions.  We also withhold shares from employees to satisfy tax withholding liabilities.  Shares repurchased are retired and returned to authorized and unissued status.  The following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the total number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share, and the total cash used to repurchase shares for the three months ended May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024:
1
Excludes unsettled share repurchases and unpaid excise taxes.
As of May 2, 2025, we had $10.8 billion remaining available under our share repurchase program with no expiration date.  The Company determines the timing and amount of repurchases based on its assessment of various factors including prevailing market conditions, alternate uses of capital, liquidity, and the economic environment, among others. The timing and amount of these share repurchases are subject to change at any time.
Dividends
Dividends are paid in the quarter immediately following the quarter in which they are declared.  Dividends