charge through our Internet website at
ir.lowes.com
, as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC.  The SEC maintains an Internet site,
www.sec.gov
, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
Item 1A - Risk Factors
We describe below certain risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business reputation, or business prospects.  These risk factors may change from time to time and may be amended, supplemented, or superseded by updates to the risk factors contained in our future periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and reports on other forms we file with the SEC.  All forward-looking statements about our future results of operations or other matters made by us in this Annual Report, in our Annual Report to Lowe’s Shareholders, and in our subsequently filed reports to the SEC, as well as in our press releases and other public communications, are qualified by the risks described below.
You should read these risk factors in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in
Item 7
and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in
Item 8
.  There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this Annual Report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material.  Those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations.  In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC.
Strategic, Competitive, Operational, and Reputational Risks
We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers.
The home improvement retail environment, like the retail environment generally, is rapidly evolving, and adapting our business concept to respond to our customers’ changing shopping habits and demands and their changing demographics is critical to our future success.  Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings, as well as consumer spending.  Customers’ expectations about how they wish to research, purchase, and receive products and services have also evolved.  It is difficult to predict the mix of products and services that our customers will demand.  As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local tastes within each customer group is important to our ability to effectively