awareness, including an annual cybersecurity awareness summit and monthly campaigns.
•
We have a cybersecurity incident response plan in place which provides a framework for responding to cybersecurity incidents.  Our information security team leverages technologies and vendors to monitor and respond to security threats via a dedicated security operations center.  In the event of a security incident, a defined procedure outlines containment, response, and recovery actions that draw on resources and leadership across the Company, as needed.
•
A cross-functional team conducts periodic simulated exercises, and we perform regular vulnerability scanning and conduct vulnerability testing during the software development life cycle.
•
We collaborate with internal stakeholders and third-party assessors and consultants to conduct regular reviews, tests, and audits of our security program.
This coordinated approach reviews security controls that safeguard our information assets, including payment information, through processes such as security control assessments and third-party penetration testing.  Additionally, we utilize tabletop exercises, penetration and vulnerability testing, red team exercises, simulations, and other evaluations to improve our security measures and strategies.
•
We also participate in various cybersecurity and retail industry groups to remain apprised of emerging cybersecurity risks, defense, mitigation strategies, and governance best practices.
Table of Contents
Third-Party Risk Management
Our cybersecurity risk management processes extend to the oversight and identification of threats associated with our use of third-party service providers.  We have developed contracting processes and terms to gain commitments from certain vendors and third-party service providers to adhere to appropriate security practices and outline specific security requirements and expectations, including compliance with industry standards, applicable laws and regulations, and our internal security policies.  We regularly evaluate and assess vendor risk levels based on a variety of factors, such as the nature of shared data, potential impact to business continuity, and vendors' security posture.  Our processes extend beyond initial evaluations to include proactive monitoring and routine oversight.
Cybersecurity incidents and risks of which we are aware as of the date of this Form 10-K have not materially affected our business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition, although we face ongoing risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, reputation, results of operations, or financial condition.
See “Risk Factors” in
Item 1A
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our cybersecurity-related risks.
Governance
Our Chief Digital and Information Officer (
CDIO), our CISO, and senior members of our information security group
are responsible for