of the last three fiscal years.
We are committed to offering a wide selection of national brand-name merchandise complemented by our selection of high-value private brands.  We are balancing our value-oriented private brands with our national power brands, intensifying our localization efforts and expanding our rural assortment.  In addition, we are dedicated to selling products sourced in a socially responsible, efficient, and cost-effective manner.
Supply Chain
We source our products from vendors worldwide and believe that alternative and competitive suppliers are available for virtually all of our products.  Whenever possible, we purchase directly from manufacturers to provide savings for customers and improve our gross margin.
To efficiently replenish our stores and meet our customers’ expectations for fast fulfillment and delivery, we own and operate more than 120 supply chain facilities in our network.  These facilities include regional distribution centers (RDCs), flatbed distribution centers (FDCs), import distribution centers (IDCs), bulk distribution centers (BDCs), cross-dock terminals (XDTs), and Fulfillment Centers (FCs).  Fulfillment centers, along with many of our stores, ship product directly to our customers.  In addition, we leverage our existing supply chain to deliver directly to our Pro customers.  Each one of these distribution nodes plays a critical role in our Total Home strategy and collectively enable our products to get to their destination as efficiently as possible.
The FDCs distribute merchandise that requires special handling due to size or type of packaging such as lumber, boards, panel products, pipe, siding, ladders, and building materials.  On average, each RDC and FDC serves approximately 115 stores.  Our Pro fulfillment network stocks deeper quantities of our top Pro assortments and has expanded capabilities to handle large orders on multiple flat bed trucks.  Our IDCs were expanded to create more capacity to hold import product at the coast, which improves our network’s agility to move inventory where and when it is needed.  Our BDCs handle appliances and other big and bulky products, and our XDTs fulfill final mile box truck deliveries of these products.
Our supply chain supports every pillar of our Total Home strategy, and as such, we continue to invest and transform our network to unlock our omnichannel capabilities while keeping our organization’s sustainability goals top of mind.  As part of the completion of the rollout of our market-based delivery model, we expanded to additional geographic areas and enhanced our distribution capacity for big and bulky products.  As of fiscal year 2024, we have finalized the roll-out of our market-based delivery model.
We have also been focused on improving the speed of our delivery capabilities for our customers.  As of fiscal year 2024, most parcel-eligible items fulfilled by Lowe’s can be ordered by a customer and delivered within two business days or less at