customers.
We have developed an AI framework designed to enhance the customer experience and unlock productivity across three pillars – how we sell, how we shop, and how we work. We use AI-powered solutions designed to enable quick and personalized customer interactions, design assistance platforms, and tools for better forecasting, sourcing, inventory planning, and faster fulfillment. We face risk of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use AI to better serve customers, drive internal efficiencies, and create new or enhanced products or services. Additionally, we are making investments to expand our AI capabilities in our business, including ongoing deployment and improvement of existing machine learning and AI technologies, as well as developing new features using AI technologies.
We anticipate increased investments in the future to improve our use of AI, however, there can be no assurance that the development or usage of, or our investments in, AI will always enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business. Further, the rapidly evolving legal and regulatory environment relating to AI and privacy could impact our implementation of AI technology and increase compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. Flaws, breaches, or malfunctions in these systems could lead to operational disruptions, data loss, erroneous decision-making, regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, or legal liability.
Investment-Related Risks
Our strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits because of numerous uncertainties and risks.
We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and other growth, market and geographic expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies, and other various benefits.  Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, IT and other systems successfully; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; hiring additional management and other critical personnel; and increasing the scope, geographic diversity, and complexity of our operations.  Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage.  Integration of businesses into our internal control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations.  Additionally, we have recognized material impairments in the past and may do so in the future, including in connection with assets we have acquired or divested in a strategic transaction or charges to earnings associated with any strategic transaction, which have