including amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by suppliers’ decisions to finance amounts under these arrangements.  However, the Company’s right to offset balances due from suppliers against payment obligations is restricted by these arrangements for those payment obligations that have been financed by suppliers.
The rollforward of the Company’s outstanding payment obligations that suppliers financed to participating financial institutions, which are included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets, are as follows:
Other Current Liabilities
- Other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets consist of:
Self-Insurance
- The Company is self-insured for certain losses relating to workers’ compensation, automobile, property, and general and product liability claims.  The Company has excess insurance coverage above certain retention amounts to limit
Table of Contents
exposure from these claims.  The Company is also self-insured for certain losses relating to extended protection plans, as well as medical and dental claims.  Self-insurance claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon management’s estimates of the discounted ultimate cost for self-insured claims incurred using actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and historical experience.  Although management believes it has the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities.  Total self-insurance liabilities, including the current and non-current portions, were $
966
million as of January 31, 2025, and $
1.1
billion as of February 2, 2024.
The Company provides surety bonds issued by insurance companies to secure payment of workers’ compensation liabilities as required in certain states where the Company is self-insured.
Outstanding surety bonds relating to self-insurance were $
272
million as of January 31, 2025, and $
280
million as of February 2, 2024.
Income Taxes
- The Company establishes deferred income tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the tax and financial accounting bases of assets and liabilities.  The tax effects of such differences are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets at the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the differences reverse.  A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be realized.  The tax balances and income tax expense recognized by the Company are based on management’s interpretation of the tax statutes of multiple jurisdictions.
The Company establishes a liability for tax positions for which there is uncertainty as to whether or not the position will be ultimately sustained.  The Company includes interest related to tax issues as part of net interest on the consolidated statements of earnings.  The Company records any