merchandise or for which installation has not yet been completed.  The majority of revenue for goods and services is recognized in the quarter following revenue deferral.  Stored-value cards deferred revenue includes outstanding stored-value cards such as gift cards and returned merchandise credits that have not yet been redeemed.
Deferred revenue for retail and stored-value cards are as follows:
Deferred revenue - Lowe’s protection plans
The Company defers revenues for its separately-priced long-term extended protection plan contracts (Lowe’s protection plans) and recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis over the respective contract term.  Expenses for claims are recognized in cost of sales when incurred.
Disaggregation of Revenues
The following table presents the Company’s net sales disaggregated by merchandise division:
Note: Merchandise division net sales for the prior period have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
1
Home Décor includes the following product categories: Appliances, Décor, Flooring, Kitchens & Bath, and Paint.
2
Building Products includes the following product categories: Building Materials, Electrical, Lumber, Millwork, and Rough Plumbing.
3
Hardlines includes the following product categories: Hardware, Lawn & Garden, Seasonal & Outdoor Living, and Tools.
Table of Contents
Note 4:
Restricted Investments
Short-term and long-term investments include restricted balances pledged as collateral primarily for the Lowe’s protection plans program and are as follows:
Note 5:
Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The authoritative guidance for fair value measurements establishes a three-level hierarchy, which encourages an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.  The three levels of the hierarchy are defined as follows:
•
Level 1
-
inputs to the valuation techniques that are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
•
Level 2
-
inputs to the valuation techniques that are other than quoted prices but are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly
•
Level 3
-
inputs to the valuation techniques that are unobservable for the assets or liabilities
Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
The following table presents the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of May 2, 2025, May 3, 2024, and January 31, 2025:
There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2, or 3 during any of the periods presented.
When available, quoted prices were used to determine fair value.  When quoted prices in active markets were available, financial assets were classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.  When quoted prices in active markets