or loss, as well as significant segment expenses included in the below table, to evaluate operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital.  The CODM also uses these measures in monitoring plan versus actual results.  The CODM does not review segment assets at a different asset level or category than those disclosed in the consolidated balance sheets.
Table of Contents
The following presents the Company’s operating results, including significant segment expenses.
1
Other SG&A items primarily include financial services costs, technology service costs, insurance costs, and store environment initiative and display costs.
Table of Contents
Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A - Controls and Procedures
The Company’s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s “disclosure controls and procedures”, (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act)).  Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and the report of Deloitte & Touche LLP, the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, are included in
Item 8
of this Annual Report.
The Company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems.  These updates are expected to continue for the next few years, and management will continue to evaluate the design and implementation of the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting as the transformation continues.  No change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal fourth quarter ended January 31, 2025, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B -
Other Information
On
March 20, 2025
,
Marvin R. Ellison
, the Company’s
Chairman, President and