Capital Resources section in
Item 7
, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, of this Annual Report.
Intellectual Property
The name “Lowe’s” is a registered service mark of one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries.  We consider this mark and logo and the accompanying goodwill and name recognition to be valuable to our business.  This subsidiary owns and maintains various additional registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks and trade names, including private brand product names, such as, “Kobalt”, “STAINMASTER”, and “allen+roth.”  This subsidiary also maintains various Internet domain names that are important to our business, and we also own registered and unregistered copyrights.  In addition, we maintain patent portfolios related to some of our products and services and seek to patent or otherwise protect certain innovations that we incorporate into our products, services, or business operations.
Government Regulation
We are subject to a wide array of federal, state, and local laws and regulations.  We do not currently expect compliance with these laws and regulations to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods.
Human Capital
When it comes to attracting and retaining top talent, Lowe’s strives to be the employer of choice in retail.  At Lowe’s we are committed to creating valuable career opportunities for our associates, supporting them and the communities where they live, and cultivating a culture that invites and encourages diverse opinions and ideas.  We would like our associates to see Lowe’s as a “Home to Possibility” with good jobs, a sense of belonging, and a promising future.
As a testament to our commitments, in fiscal 2024 we received several notable employer of choice awards, including being named on the Disability:IN National Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion, Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies Specialty Retailer, 2024 Great Place to Work Certified - U.S. and India,  Fair360 Top 50 Noteworthy Company for Workplace Fairness, 2024 American Opportunity Index Top 100 Company, and a Best Corporation for Veteran’s Business Enterprises of the Year.
Table of Contents
Our People
As of January 31, 2025, Lowe’s employed approximately 161,000 full-time associates and 109,000 part-time associates, primarily in the United States and India.  During the spring season, we temporarily expand our workforce by hiring associates in part-time and full-time positions to meet the elevated levels of demand.
At Lowe’s, we have a proactive associate listening strategy, most notably through our annual engagement survey.  In fiscal 2024, more than 90% of our associates participated in our survey, and our people leaders use the feedback to improve our associate experience.
Creating Good Jobs
We have a strong track record of investing in our workforce by offering locally competitive salaries and wages.