exposed to increased risk to the security of our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data.
A ransomware attack could prevent us or our third-party service providers from accessing data or systems that support Lowe’s operations.  Our information security or our service providers’ information security may also be compromised because of human errors or acts, including by associates, or system errors.  Our systems and our service providers’ systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as critical infrastructure outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, catastrophic events or cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, and ransomware.  In the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied.  Should these events occur, the unauthorized disclosure, loss, or unavailability of data and disruption to our business may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, drive existing and potential customers away and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, or potential liability, including possible litigation and punitive damages.  A security breach resulting in the unauthorized release of data from our information systems or our third-party service providers’ information systems would also materially increase the costs we already incur to protect against such risks and require dedication of substantial resources to manage the aftermath of such a breach.  We maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage although such insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur or may not cover certain cyber incidents.  Additionally, the rapid evolution of AI and machine learning technologies and the implementation of pilot programs integrating generative AI into our internal and customer-facing systems may intensify our cybersecurity risks and create new risks to our business, operations, and financial condition.
Data privacy and cybersecurity laws are constantly changing, and the implementation of these laws has become more complex.  In order to maintain our compliance with such laws as they come to fruition, we may sustain increased costs and change our business policies and processes in order to adapt to new requirements that are or become applicable to us.  As the regulatory environment relating to retailers’ and other companies’ obligation to protect personal information becomes stricter, a material failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could subject us to fines, other regulatory sanctions, or government investigation, and potentially to lawsuits brought by private individuals, regulators or states’ attorney general.  Such violation or perceived violation of privacy, including improper collection, use of sharing