1.7%, consisting of a 3.8% decrease in comparable customer transactions, partially offset by a 2.1% increase in comparable average ticket.  Net earnings in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 were $1.6 billion, compared to net earnings of $1.8 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2024.  Diluted earnings per common share were $2.92 in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared to $3.06 in the first quarter of fiscal 2024.
For the first three months of fiscal 2025, cash flows from operating activities were approximately $3.4 billion, with $518 million used for capital expenditures.  Continuing to deliver on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, during the three months ended May 2, 2025, we paid $645 million in dividends.
The Company faced ongoing challenges in the housing market and pressure in DIY big ticket discretionary demand during the first quarter of fiscal 2025.  In addition, unfavorable weather early in the quarter led to a slower start to spring.  Despite these challenges, our Pro and online sales continued to grow which reflects the results of our investments in our Total Home strategy.
During the first quarter, we re-launched our Pro customer loyalty program, which is now My Lowe’s Pro Rewards.  The updated program is more intuitive to use which we expect will lead to greater utilization.  In addition, our technology transformation has made our gains in online possible through an improved user experience and enhanced visualization tools.  We also launched Mylow this quarter, the first Artificial Intelligence (AI)-powered home improvement virtual advisor that provides step-by-step instructions for any project, and then helps customers find and purchase the right tools and materials needed for their project directly on lowes.com or the Lowe’s mobile app.
Overall, we delivered solid results in the first quarter through disciplined execution and our continued focus on elevating the customer experience.  While we continue to monitor the trade policy environment and execute our mitigation efforts, we
Table of Contents
believe we are making the right investments in leading technology solutions, while focusing on our Total Home strategy, to drive sustainable growth and meaningful long-term shareholder value.
OPERATIONS
The following table sets forth the percentage relationship to net sales of each line item of the consolidated statements of earnings (unaudited), as well as the percentage change in dollar amounts from the prior period.  This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements (unaudited), including the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (unaudited).
The following table sets forth key metrics utilized by management in assessing business performance.  This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements (unaudited), including the related notes to the