stock options exercised or the statutory withholding tax liability resulting from the vesting of share-based awards.
Total shares repurchased for the three months ended May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024, were as follows:
1
Includes excise tax on share repurchases in excess of issuances as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired.
Note 10:
Earnings Per Share
The Company calculates basic and diluted earnings per common share using the two-class method.
The following table reconciles earnings per common share for the three months ended May 2, 2025, and May 3, 2024:
Table of Contents
Note 11:
Supplemental Disclosure
Net interest expense is comprised of the following:
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
1
Excludes $
70
million of leases signed but not yet commenced as of May 2, 2025.
Note 12:
Segment Information
The Company’s home improvement operations represent a single operating segment designed to enable customers to purchase products and services seamlessly through all channels.  The Company’s chief operating decision maker (CODM) is the Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer.  The CODM has the ultimate decision-making authority for resource allocation and assessing the performance of the Company.  Thereby, the CODM regularly reviews consolidated net earnings as the measure of segment profit or loss, as well as significant segment expenses included in the below table, to evaluate operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital.  The CODM also uses these measures in monitoring plan versus actual results.  The CODM does not review segment assets at a different asset level or category than those disclosed in the consolidated balance sheets.
Table of Contents
The following presents the Company’s operating results, including significant segment expenses.
1
Other SG&A items primarily include financial services costs, technology service costs, insurance costs, impairment costs, and store environment initiative and display costs.
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Lowe’s Companies, Inc.
Results of Review of Interim Financial Information
We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets of Lowe’s Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of May 2, 2025 and May 3, 2024, the related condensed consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders’ deficit, and cash flows, for the fiscal three-month periods ended May 2, 2025 and May 3, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “interim financial information”). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying interim financial information for it to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of