of personal information, or failure to sufficiently disclose privacy practice, can adversely affect the trust that customers, associates, and business partners have in us related to their personal information.
Table of Contents
See
Item 1C
of this Form 10-K, “Cybersecurity,” for more information on our cybersecurity risk management and governance.
We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business.
We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label and co-branded credit cards, trade credit, mobile and electronic payments, gift cards, cash, consumer invoicing and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time.  These payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards.  They also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems.  If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks’ costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.  For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs.  Additionally, we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards, promotional financing, and other forms of electronic payment, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us.  National outages with our third-party credit and debit processor have resulted in lost sales and declined transactions after purchases.  Future occurrences of such failures in third party systems are difficult to predict and may adversely affect our operations in unexpected ways.
Our growing use of AI and machine learning may present additional risks, including risks associated with algorithm development or use, the tools and data sets used and/or a complex, developing regulatory environment.
We currently leverage internally developed and third-party developed AI, including both predictive and generative AI-powered solutions, to facilitate a more efficient operation of our business and to enhance the experience of our