the lenders and satisfying other conditions specified in the 2023 Credit Agreement and Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (collectively, the Credit Agreements), the Company may increase the combined aggregate availability of both agreements by an additional $
1.0
billion.  The Credit Agreements contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants for transactions of these type.  The Company was in compliance with those financial covenants as of January 31, 2025.
There were
no
borrowings under the Company’s commercial paper program, Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, or the 2023 Credit Agreement as of January 31, 2025, and February 2, 2024.  Total combined availability under the Credit Agreements was $
4.0
billion as of January 31, 2025.
Long-Term Debt
1
Real properties with an aggregate book value of $
11
million as of January 31, 2025, were pledged as collateral for secured debt.
Principal amount of debt maturities, exclusive of unamortized original issue discounts, unamortized debt issuance costs, fair-value hedge adjustments, and finance lease obligations, for the next five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows:
Table of Contents
The Company’s unsecured notes are issued under indentures that generally have similar terms and, therefore, have been grouped by maturity date for presentation purposes in the table above.  The notes contain certain restrictive covenants, none of which are expected to impact the Company’s capital resources or liquidity.  The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of these agreements as of January 31, 2025.
During 2023, the Company issued $
3.0
billion of unsecured fixed rate notes (collectively, the 2023 Notes) as follows:
Interest on the 2023 Notes with April maturity dates is payable semiannually in arrears in April and October of each year until maturity.  Interest on the 2023 Notes with July maturity dates is payable semiannually in arrears in January and July of each year until maturity.
The indenture governing the 2023 Notes contains a provision that allows the Company to redeem these notes at any time, in whole or in part, at specified redemption prices, plus accrued interest, if any, up to the date of redemption.  The indenture also contains a provision that allows the holders of the notes to require the Company to repurchase all or any part of their notes if a change of control triggering event occurs.  If elected under the change of control provisions, the repurchase of the notes will occur at a purchase price of
101
% of the principal amount, plus accrued interest, if any, on such notes up to the date of purchase.  The indenture governing the notes does not limit the aggregate principal amount of debt securities that the Company may issue and does not require the Company to maintain specified financial ratios or levels of net worth or liquidity.  However, the indenture includes various restrictive covenants, none of which is expected to impact the Company’s