meet customer expectations.  Customers also have evolving preferences and expectations related to the sustainability of our products and operations.  If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers.
Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, and implement related strategic initiatives successfully, could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations.
We may not be able to realize the intended benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on providing an omnichannel shopping experience to our customers if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them.
Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business.  Omnichannel and digital retail is quickly evolving, and we must anticipate and meet our customers’ expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors.  Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience.  We also need to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience.  Our ability to collect, use, and share such data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security, as well as the change of third-party policies restricting data collection, use, and sharing.
The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers’ changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to, and will continue to require us to, deliver large, complex programs requiring
Table of Contents
integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing.  These initiatives have required, and will continue to require, new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to, and will need to continue to, adapt and learn new skills and capabilities.  To the extent they are unable or unwilling to make these changes, we may be unable to realize the full benefits of our strategic initiatives and expand our relevant market access.  Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off.  In addition, to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments