included within land and buildings.
Depreciation is recognized over the estimated useful lives of the depreciable assets. Assets are depreciated using the straight-line method.  Leasehold improvements and finance lease assets are depreciated and amortized, respectively, over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the term of the related lease.  The amortization of these assets is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Long-Lived Asset Impairment
-
The carrying amounts of long-lived assets are reviewed whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.  A potential impairment has occurred for long-lived assets held-for-use if projected future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets are less than the carrying amounts of the assets.  For operating locations identified for sale or closure, a market approach is used to determine the fair value of the asset group.  The carrying value of an operating location’s asset group includes inventory, property, operating and finance lease right-of-use assets, and operating liabilities, including accounts payables, accrued compensation, and operating lease liabilities.  Financial and non-operating liabilities are excluded from the carrying value of the asset group.  An impairment loss is recorded for long-lived assets held-for-use when the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value.  Impairment losses are included in SG&A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Excess properties that are expected to be sold within the next twelve months and meet the other relevant held-for-sale criteria are classified as long-lived assets held-for-sale.  Excess properties consist primarily of retail outparcels and property associated with relocated or closed locations.  An impairment loss is recorded for long-lived assets held-for-sale when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value less cost to sell.  A long-lived asset is not depreciated while it is classified as held-for-sale.
For long-lived assets to be abandoned, the Company considers the asset to be disposed of when it ceases to be used.  Until it ceases to be used, the Company continues to classify the asset as held-for-use and tests for potential impairment accordingly.  If the Company commits to a plan to abandon a long-lived asset before the end of its previously estimated useful life, its depreciable life is evaluated.
Leases
- The Company leases certain retail stores, warehouses, distribution centers, office space, land, and equipment under finance and operating leases.  Lease commencement occurs on the date the Company takes possession or control of the property or equipment.  Original terms for facility-related leases are generally between
five
and
20
years.  These leases generally contain provisions for
four
to
six
renewal options of