productivity tools, including our front-end transformation and freight flow optimization initiatives,  to enhance the efficiency of our sales associates and improve the customer experience.  Our Lowe’s Outlet stores have a smaller format and offer value to our customers through incremental savings on discontinued, overstocked, or scratch and dent items.
Online
Through our websites and mobile applications, we seek to empower consumers by providing a 24/7 shopping experience, product information, customer ratings and reviews, buying guides, how-to videos, and other information.  These tools help consumers make more informed purchasing decisions and give them increased confidence to undertake home improvement projects.  We enable customers to choose from a variety of fulfillment options, including buying online and picking up in-store, curbside pick-up, same-day delivery through our gig network, and shipment to their homes or businesses.  Further, we also offer digital inspiration, design, and project management tools across our destination home improvement categories.
On-Site
We have on-site specialists available for retail and Pro customers to assist them in selecting products and services for their projects.  Our Pro sales managers meet with Pro customers at their place of business or on a job site and leverage nearby stores and our distribution network to ensure we meet customer needs for products and resources.  In addition, our In-Home Sales program is available in the majority of our stores to discuss various exterior projects such as windows, doors, and fencing, whose characteristics lend themselves to an in-home consultative sales approach.
Table of Contents
Contact Centers
Lowe’s operates contact centers utilizing a combination of internal staffing and third-party providers.  These contact centers help Lowe’s enable an omnichannel customer experience by providing the ability to tender sales, assist with order management, coordinate deliveries, manage after-sale installations, and answer general customer questions via phone, mail, e-mail, live chat, and social media.
Our Products
Product Selection
To meet customers’ varying needs, we offer a complete line of products for construction, maintenance, repair, remodeling, and decorating.  We offer home improvement products in the following categories: Appliances, Seasonal & Outdoor Living, Lumber, Lawn & Garden, Kitchens & Bath, Hardware, Building Materials, Millwork, Paint, Rough Plumbing, Tools, Electrical, Flooring, and Décor.  A typical Lowe’s-branded home improvement store stocks approximately 40,000 items, with additional items available through our online selling channel.  Our product assortments offered in-store strive to meet the needs of the local market for the Pro and DIY customer.  See
Note 16
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item 8
, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, of this Annual Report for historical revenues by product category for each