applicable penalties related to tax issues within the income tax provision.
Transferable Tax Credits
In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was enacted which included provisions that allow for the transfer of certain federal clean energy tax credits (Federal Transferable Tax Credits).  The Company paid $
909
million and $
143
million for the purchase of Federal Transferable Tax Credits in 2024 and 2023, respectively. All amounts paid have been included in payments for income taxes, and differences between tax credits purchased and amounts paid are included as a component of the income tax provision.
Income Tax Relief
On October 1, 2024, the Internal Revenue Service announced that businesses in North Carolina, affected by Hurricane Helene would receive tax relief by postponing certain tax-payment deadlines.  Under this relief, certain federal estimated income tax payments can be deferred until May 1, 2025.  As of January 31, 2025, the Company deferred $
478
million of federal income taxes payable, which is included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.
Shareholders’ Deficit -
The Company has a share repurchase program that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private market transactions.  Shares purchased under the repurchase program are returned to authorized and unissued status.  Any excess of cost over par value is charged to additional paid-in capital to the extent that a balance is present.  Once additional paid-in capital is fully depleted, remaining excess of cost over par value is charged to accumulated deficit.
In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act enacted a 1% excise tax on net share repurchases after December 31, 2022.  Any excise tax incurred on share repurchases is recognized as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired in the consolidated statements of shareholders’ deficit.
Revenue Recognition -
The Company recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  A description of the Company’s principle revenue generating activities is as follows:
•
Products -
Revenue from products primarily relates to in-store and online merchandise purchases, which are recognized at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the merchandise.  This occurs at the time of in-store purchase or delivery of the product to the customer.  A provision for anticipated merchandise returns is provided through a reduction of sales and cost of sales in the period that the related sales are recorded.  The merchandise return reserve is presented on a gross basis, with a separate asset and liability included in the consolidated balance sheets.
Table of Contents
•
Services
-
Revenues from services primarily relate to professional installation services the Company provides through subcontractors related to