growth, return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and repay debt maturities as they become due.  We believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months.  As of January 31, 2025, we held
$1.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents, as well as $4.0 billion in undrawn capacity on our revolving credit facilities.
As of January 31, 2025, our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments consist of leases, long-term debt, purchase obligations, and letters of credit.  See
Note 5
,
Note 7
, and
Note 14
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
Item 8
, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, of this Annual Report for amounts outstanding related to leases, long-term debt, and commitments, respectively, as of January 31, 2025.
Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities
Cash flows from operating activities continued to provide the primary source of our liquidity.  The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended January 31, 2025, compared to the year ended February 2, 2024, was primarily due to timing of income tax payments and other changes in working capital, partially offset by lower net earnings.  Cash flows relating to changes in other operating liabilities improved $2.1 billion due primarily to timing of federal estimated tax payments.  Fiscal 2023 includes payment of certain fiscal 2022 estimated tax payments deferred under the income tax relief announced by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for businesses located in states impacted by Hurricane Ian.  In addition, fiscal 2024 benefited from deferral of certain federal estimated tax payments that were deferred until fiscal 2025 under the income tax relief announced by the IRS for businesses impacted by Hurricane Helene.
Table of Contents
Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities primarily consists of transactions related to capital expenditures.
Capital expenditures
Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans.  Capital expenditures were $1.9 billion in fiscal 2024 and $2.0 billion in fiscal 2023.
For fiscal 2025, our guidance for capital expenditures is approximately $2.5 billion.  We may adjust our capital expenditures, if necessary or appropriate, to support our operations, to enhance long-term strategic positioning, or in response to the economic environment.
Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities primarily consist of transactions related to our debt, share repurchases, and cash dividend payments.
Total Debt
In fiscal 2024, we repaid a $450 million senior note at maturity.
In fiscal 2023, we issued $3.0 billion of unsecured notes in March 2023, and during fiscal 2023, we also repaid a $500 million senior note at maturity.
We have a $2.0