opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Merchandise Inventory – Vendor Funds – Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company receives funds from vendors in the normal course of business, principally as a result of purchase volumes, early payments, or sales-based promotions of vendors’ products. Generally, these vendor funds do not represent the reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs incurred by the Company to sell the vendor’s product. Therefore, the Company treats these funds as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized as a reduction of cost of sales when the inventory is sold. Funds that are determined to be reimbursements of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs incurred to sell vendors’ products are recorded as an offset to the related expense. Due to the diversity of the individual vendor agreements, the Company performs analyses and reviews historical trends throughout the year and confirms actual amounts with select vendors to ensure the amounts earned are appropriately recorded. Amounts accrued throughout the year could be impacted if actual purchase volumes differ from projected annual purchase volumes, especially in the case of programs that provide for increased funding when graduated purchase volumes are met.
Table of Contents
We identified the completeness and accuracy of vendor funds as a critical audit matter given the significance of vendor funds to the financial statements and volume of the individual vendor agreements. This required an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether the vendor funds were completely and accurately recorded in accordance with the vendor agreements.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to whether the vendor funds were completely and accurately recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements included the following, among others:
•
We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over vendor funds, including management’s controls over the identification of vendor agreements as well as the accrual and recording of vendor funds as a reduction to the cost of inventory as they are earned, and as a reduction to cost of sales as the related inventory is sold.
•
We selected a sample of vendor funds and recalculated the amount earned using the terms of the vendor agreement, including the amount recorded as a reduction to the cost of inventory when earned, and the amount recorded as a reduction to cost of sales as the related inventory is sold.
•
We selected a sample of vendor funds and sent confirmations to test the completeness of programs as well as the accuracy of amounts earned and terms of the agreement directly with the vendor.
/s/
Deloitte & Touche LLP
Charlotte, North Carolina
March 24, 2025
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1962.
Table of