Chief Executive Officer
,
adopted
a trading plan intended to satisfy Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, to sell up to
58,000
shares of the Company’s common stock over a period ending on
May 29, 2026
, subject to certain conditions, including an initial cooling off period before any sales can commence.  After the contemplated sales, which Mr. Ellison has stated are for estate planning purposes, Mr. Ellison will continue to have a significant stake in the Company, with the shares subject to the trading plan representing less than 8% of the Company shares beneficially owned by Mr. Ellison, as determined under SEC rules, as well as holding additional performance share units, stock options, and restricted stock awards that remain subject to vesting over the course of his continued employment pursuant to the terms of the awards.
Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
Table of Contents
Part III
Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this item with respect to our executive officers appears in Part I of this Annual Report under the heading, “Information About Our Executive Officers”.  The other information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings “Proposal 1: Election of Directors”, “Corporate Governance”, “Additional Information - Shareholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting”, and “Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Other Compensation Policies - Trading in Company Securities” in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 (the Proxy Statement).
We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics, which is intended to qualify as a “code of ethics” within the meaning of Item 406 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act, which we refer to as the Lowe’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code).  The Code applies to all employees of the Company, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions.  The Code is designed to ensure that the Company’s business is conducted in a legal and ethical manner.  The Code covers all areas of professional conduct, including compliance with laws and regulations, conflicts of interest, fair dealing among customers and suppliers, corporate opportunity, confidential information, insider trading, employee relations, and accounting complaints.  The full text of the Code can be found on our website at
ir.lowes.com
, under the “Investors”, and “Corporate Governance - Governance Documents” headings.  You can also obtain a copy of the complete Code by contacting Investor Relations by phone at 1-800-813-7613 or email at investorrelations@lowes.com.
We will disclose information pertaining to amendments or