liquidity or capital resources.
The discounts associated with these issuances, which include the underwriting and issuance discounts, are recorded in long-term debt and are being amortized over the respective terms of the notes using the effective interest method.
NOTE 8:
Derivative Instruments
The notional amounts of the Company’s material derivative instruments are as follows:
See
Note 3
for the gross fair values of the Company’s outstanding derivative financial instruments and corresponding fair value classifications.  The cash flows related to settlement of the Company’s hedging derivatives financial instruments are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows based on the nature of the underlying hedged items.
The Company accounts for the fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreements as fair value hedges using the shortcut method of accounting under which the hedges are assumed to be perfectly effective.  Thus, the change in fair value of the derivative instruments offsets the change in fair value on the hedged debt, and there is no net impact in the consolidated statements of earnings from the fair value of the derivatives.
In connection with the issuance of our 2023 Notes, we settled forward interest rate swap contracts with a combined notional amount of $
2.0
billion and received a payment of $
247
million.  In connection with the issuance of the March 2022 Notes, the Company settled forward interest rate swap contracts with a combined notional amount of $
1.5
billion and received a payment of $
143
million.  In connection with the issuance of the September 2022 Notes, the Company settled forward interest rate swap contracts with a combined notional amount of $
1.3
billion and received a payment of $
136
million.
The (loss)/gain from forward interest rate swap derivatives, both matured and outstanding, designated as cash flow hedges recorded in other comprehensive (loss)/income and earnings for 2024, 2023, and 2022, including its line item in the financial statements, is as follows:
Table of Contents
NOTE 9:
Shareholders’ Deficit
Authorized shares of preferred stock were
5.0
million ($
5
par value) as of January 31, 2025, and February 2, 2024,
none
of which have been issued.  The Board of Directors may issue the preferred stock (without action by shareholders) in one or more series, having such voting rights, dividend and liquidation preferences, and such conversion and other rights as may be designated by the Board of Directors at the time of issuance.
Authorized shares of common stock were
5.6
billion ($
0.50
par value) as of January 31, 2025, and February 2, 2024.
The Company has a share repurchase program that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions.  Shares purchased under the repurchase program are returned to authorized and unissued status.  On December 7, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized $
15.0
billion