programs that build and reinforce functional-technical/professional skills, business acumen, and leadership skills to prepare high-performing leaders for their next role.  Our focus on leadership development enables us to grow talent internally and has resulted in more than 85% of store leadership positions being filled internally in the last year.
Our Lowe's University offerings include the District Manager and Store Manager immersive week-long leadership experience programs, delivered from the Lowe’s University training center; the virtually-delivered store department supervisor fundamentals series; the virtually-delivered field supply chain leadership director, manager, and supervisor experience programs; and the certification programs for store and technology associates that further develop their skills and knowledge base.  In addition, our in-person Lowe’s University offerings include an Assistant Store Manager leadership training to further develop our store leaders.
Additionally, through Lowe’s Track to the Trades program, we offer all Lowe’s associates the opportunity to enroll in programs to complete apprentice certifications in electrical, plumbing, HVAC, appliance repair, or multi-family maintenance.  The program also connects them with Pros to help them start a career in their area of interest.  The Track to the Trades program
Table of Contents
demonstrates Lowe’s commitment to our industry and the communities we serve.  This program, combined with our tuition-free education program, are further examples of how we are investing in the development of our associates.
Corporate Responsibility
We take our role as a Fortune
®
50 retailer seriously by managing our business responsibly and focusing on serving our associates and improving the communities where we live and work.  Sustainability objectives are integrated into our business operations, particularly by focusing on the three pillars of our sustainability strategy: our people and communities, product sustainability, and operational excellence, which includes reducing the environmental footprint of our operations, which we believe will help drive long-term shareholder value. In fiscal 2024, for the sixth consecutive year, Lowe’s was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index based on our environmental, social, and operational practices.
Investing in our Communities
We understand the important role Lowe’s plays in supporting our communities through our philanthropic efforts.  With our community engagement initiatives and continued partnerships with nonprofits across the nation, we are revitalizing neighborhoods, improving community spaces, responding when natural disasters strike, and preparing the next generation of skilled tradespeople.  We carry out these initiatives with a special focus on veterans, the active military community, and first responders.  Additionally, since awarding its first Gable Grants in 2023, the Lowe’s Foundation has invested over $25 million