merchandise purchased by a customer.  In certain instances, installation services include materials provided by the subcontractor, and both product and installation are included in service revenue.  The Company recognizes revenue associated with services as they are rendered, and the majority of services are completed within one week from initiation.
Retail deferred revenue consists of amounts received for which customers have not yet taken possession of the merchandise or for which installation has not yet been completed.  Deferred revenue is recognized in sales either at a point in time when the customer obtains control of merchandise through pickup or delivery, or over time as services are provided to the customer.  The majority of revenue for goods and services is recognized in the quarter following revenue deferral.  In addition, the Company defers revenues from stored-value cards, which include gift cards and returned merchandise credits, and recognizes revenue into sales when the cards are redeemed.
The Company also defers revenue for its separately-priced long-term protection plan contracts (Lowe’s protection plans), which is a Lowe’s-branded program for which the Company is ultimately self-insured.  The Company recognizes revenue from Lowe’s protection plan sales on a straight-line basis over the respective contract term.  Expenses for claims are recognized in cost of sales when incurred.  Incremental direct acquisition costs and administrative costs to fulfill the contracts associated with Lowe's protection plans for contracts greater than one year are also deferred and recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the respective contract term.  Lowe’s protection plan contract terms primarily range from
one
to
five years
from the date of purchase or the end of the manufacturer’s warranty, as applicable.
Cost of Sales
and
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses -
The following lists the primary costs classified in each major expense category:
Advertising
- Costs associated with advertising are charged to SG&A expense as incurred.
Advertising expenses were $
921
million, $
831
million, and $
869
million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Comprehensive Income
- The Company reports comprehensive income in its consolidated statements of comprehensive income and consolidated statements of shareholders’ deficit.  Comprehensive income represents changes in shareholders’ deficit from non-owner sources and is comprised of net earnings adjusted primarily for cash flow hedge derivative contracts.
Net cash flow hedge gains, net of tax, classified in accumulated other comprehensive income were $
288
million, $
301
million, and $
315
million as of January 31, 2025, February 2, 2024, and February 3, 2023, respectively.
Reclassifications
- Income taxes payable for the prior year was reclassified to conform with current year presentation and is included in Other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Table of Contents