share-based awards.
The following table reconciles earnings per common share for 2024, 2023, and 2022:
NOTE 14:
Commitments and Contingencies
The Company is, from time to time, party to various legal proceedings considered to be in the normal course of business, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, are expected to be material to the Company’s financial statements.  In evaluating liabilities associated with its various legal proceedings, the Company has accrued for probable liabilities associated with these
Table of Contents
matters.  The amounts accrued were not material to the Company’s consolidated financial statements in any of the years presented.  Reasonably possible losses for any of the individual legal proceedings which have not been accrued were not material to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
As of January 31, 2025, the Company had non-cancellable commitments of $
2.3
billion related to certain marketing and information technology programs, and purchases of merchandise inventory.  These commitments include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable, are legally binding, and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
Payments under these commitments are scheduled to be made as follows:
As of January 31, 2025, the Company held standby and documentary letters of credit issued under banking arrangements which totaled $
488
million.  The majority of the Company’s letters of credit were issued to support the Company’s warranty program.
NOTE 15:
Related Parties
The Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer also serves on the Board of Directors of a vendor that provides transportation and business services to the Company.  The Company purchased services from this vendor in the amount of
$
240
million
in 2024, $
217
million in 2023, and $
228
million in 2022.  Amounts payable to this vendor were insignificant to the Company as of January 31, 2025, and February 2, 2024.
NOTE 16:
Other Information
Interest – net is comprised of the following:
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
1
See
Note 5
for supplemental cash flow disclosures related to finance and operating leases.
Table of Contents
Sales by product category:
Note: Product category sales for prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
NOTE 17:
Segment Information
The Company’s home improvement operations represent a single operating segment designed to enable customers to purchase products and services seamlessly through all channels.  The Company’s chief operating decision maker (CODM) is the Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer.  The CODM has the ultimate decision-making authority for resource allocation and assessing the performance of the Company.  Thereby, the CODM regularly reviews consolidated net earnings as the measure of segment profit