funds as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized as a reduction of cost of sales when the inventory is sold.  Funds that are determined to be reimbursements of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs incurred to sell vendors’ products are recorded as an offset to the related expense.  The Company develops accrual rates for vendor funds based on the provisions of the agreements in place.  Due to the diversity of the individual vendor agreements, the Company performs analyses and reviews historical trends throughout the year and confirms actual amounts with select vendors to ensure the amounts earned are appropriately recorded.  Amounts accrued throughout the year could be impacted if actual purchase volumes differ from projected annual purchase volumes, especially in the case of programs that provide for increased funding when graduated purchase volumes are met.
Derivative Financial Instruments
- The Company is exposed to the impact of changes in benchmark interest rates and the prices of commodities used in the normal course of business.  The Company occasionally utilizes derivative financial instruments to manage certain business risks.  All derivative financial instruments are recognized at their fair values as either assets or liabilities at the balance sheet date and reported on a gross basis.
The Company held fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreements as fair value hedges on certain debt as of January 31, 2025, and February 2, 2024.  The Company evaluates the effectiveness of the fair value hedges using the shortcut method of accounting under which the hedges are assumed to be perfectly effective.  Thus, the change in fair value of the derivative instruments offsets the change in fair value on the hedged debt, and there is no net impact in the consolidated statements of earnings from the fair value of the derivatives.
The Company held forward interest rate swap agreements to hedge its exposure to changes in benchmark interest rates on forecasted debt issuances as of February 3, 2023.  The cash flows related to forward interest rate swap agreements are included within operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.  The Company accounts for these contracts as cash flow hedges, thus the effective portion of gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax effects, in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income and is amortized to interest expense over the term of the respective debt.
Credit Programs and Sale of Business Accounts Receivable
- The Company has branded and private label proprietary credit cards which generate sales that are not reflected in receivables.  Under an agreement with Synchrony Bank (Synchrony), credit is extended directly to customers by Synchrony.  All credit program-related services are performed and controlled directly by Synchrony.  The Company has the option, but no obligation, to purchase the