or unexpected or extreme weather conditions, such as major or extended winter storms or droughts, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; severe changes in climate; pandemics and public health concerns; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; civil unrest; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events could have, and in certain instances in the past had, an adverse effect on our operations or financial performance.  These events can affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers’ disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects, and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance.  Natural disasters or catastrophic climate events may, and in certain instances in the past has, increased demand for certain of our products, and if we are unable to meet such customer demands, our reputation, business, and financial operations could be harmed, particularly if our responses to such events are less adequate than those of our competitors.  These types of events can also adversely affect our workforce and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores and other facilities.  They can also disrupt or disable operations of stores, support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruption of utility services.  In addition, these events may affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders and to communicate with our stores.  Unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions such as excessive precipitation, warm temperatures during the winter season, or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures, could render a portion of our inventory damaged or unsellable.  As a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
Our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change.
Our business and operations are subject to climate-related risks.  These include both physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), which are expected to be widespread and unpredictable.  Climate change, extreme weather conditions, wildfires, droughts, and rising sea levels may impact the areas in which the Company’s operations and facilities are located, and they could also affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience.  Such events could result in an increase in our costs and expenses and harm our future revenue, cash flows, and financial performance.  Government regulations limiting