products.  Generally, these vendor funds do not represent the reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs that we incurred to sell the vendor’s product.  The majority of the vendor funds associated with these purchases are earned under agreements that are negotiated on an annual basis or shorter.  The funds are recorded as a reduction to the cost of inventory as they are earned.  As the related inventory is sold, the amounts are recorded as a reduction to cost of sales.  Funds that are determined to be reimbursements of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs incurred to sell vendors’ products are recorded as an offset to the related expense.
Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate
We do not believe that our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of markdown in the near term in excess of our established reserves, and we have the ability to adjust purchasing practices based on anticipated sales trends and general economic conditions.  However, changes in consumer purchasing patterns or a deterioration in product quality could result in the need for additional reserves.  Likewise, changes in the estimated shrink reserve may be necessary, based on the timing and results of physical inventories.  We also apply judgment in the determination of obsolete inventory and assumptions about net realizable value.
For vendor funds, we develop accrual rates based on the provisions of the agreements in place.  Due to the diversity of the individual vendor agreements, we perform analyses and review historical purchase trends and volumes throughout the year, adjust accrual rates as appropriate and confirm actual amounts with select vendors to ensure the amounts earned are appropriately recorded.  Amounts accrued throughout the year could be impacted if actual purchase volumes differ from projected purchase volumes, especially in the case of programs that provide for increased funding when graduated purchase volumes are met.
Effect if actual results differ from assumptions
We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our inventory valuation or the related reserves for inventory during the past three fiscal years.  We believe that we have sufficient current and historical knowledge to record reasonable estimates for both of these inventory reserves.  However, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded reserves.
A 10% change in either the amount of inventory subject to markdown or the weighted average estimated loss rate used in the calculation of our LCNRV inventory reserve would each have affected net earnings by approximately $17 million for fiscal 2024.  A 10% change in the estimated shrinkage rate included in the calculation of our inventory shrink reserve would have affected net earnings by approximately $32 million for fiscal 2024.
We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to recognize vendor funds during the past three fiscal years.  If