classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
LOWE’S COMPANIES, INC.
- TABLE OF CONTENTS -
Table of Contents
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “scenario”, “guidance”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives (including objectives related to environmental and social matters), business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services including customer acceptance of new offerings and initiatives, macroeconomic conditions and consumer spending, share repurchases, and Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results.  Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct.  Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements.
For a detailed description of the risks and uncertainties that we are exposed to, you should read
Item 1A
, “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this Annual Report.  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements other than as required by law.
Table of Contents
Part I
Item 1 - Business
General Information
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company or Lowe’s) is a Fortune
®
50 company and the world’s second largest home improvement retailer.  As of January 31, 2025, Lowe’s opera
ted 1,748
home improvement stores and outlets in the United States, representing approximately 195 million
sq
uare feet of retail selling space.
Lowe’s was founded in 1921 with the opening of its first hardware store in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina.  The Company was incorporated in North Carolina in 1952 and has been publicly held since 1961.  The Company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange - ticker symbol “LOW”.
For additional information about the Company’s performance and financial condition, see
Item 7
, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, of this Annual Report.
Our Strategy
Lowe’s is an omnichannel retailer whose focus is on helping customers solve problems and fulfill dreams for their homes by providing an excellent customer experience, creating