expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt.  The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios.  The table below reflects our debt ratings by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Moody’s as of March 24, 2025, which is disclosed to provide an enhanced understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effect of our ratings on our cost of funds.  Our debt ratings have enabled, and should continue to enable, us the option to refinance our debt as it becomes due.  Our commercial paper and senior debt ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
There are no provisions in any agreements that would require early cash settlement of existing debt or leases as a result of a downgrade in our debt rating or a decrease in our stock price.
Table of Contents
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements presented in this Annual Report requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.  We base these estimates on historical results and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable, all of which form the basis for making estimates concerning the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources.  Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Our significant accounting policies are described in
Note
1
to the consolidated financial statements included herein.  We believe that the following accounting policies affect the most significant estimates and management judgments used in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Merchandise Inventory
Description
We record an inventory reserve for the estimated adjustment to mark down merchandise inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value (LCNRV).  This reserve is based on our current knowledge with respect to inventory levels, sales trends and historical experience.  During fiscal 2024, our
reserve decreased approximately $23 million to $222 million as of January 31, 2025.
We also record an inventory reserve for the estimated shrinkage between physical inventories.
This reserve is based primarily on actual shrink results from previous physical inventories.  During fiscal 2024, the inventory shrink reserve increased approximately $2 million to $427 million as of January 31, 2025.
In addition, we receive funds from vendors in the normal course of business, principally as a result of purchase volumes, early payments, or sales-based promotions of vendors’