competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
Table of Contents
Our inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of both national brand and private branded products could negatively impact our business operations and financial results.
We form strategic relationships, some of which are exclusive, with selected suppliers to market and develop products under a variety of recognized and respected national brand names.  We also have relationships with certain suppliers to enable us to sell private branded products which differentiate us from other retailers.  The inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results.
Failure of a key vendor or service provider that we cannot quickly replace could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We rely upon a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some of the products we sell.  We also rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business.  Many of these vendors and service providers have certain products or specialized skills needed to support our business concept and our strategies.  If these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected, or if we fail to manage them properly or we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected, at least temporarily, until we are able to replace them.
Failures relating to our third-party installer program or by our third-party installers have resulted in and could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We contract with third-party installers to provide installation services to our customers, and, as the general contractor, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, including certain licensing and permitting requirements, and those relating to the quality and performance of our third-party installers.  We have faced investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including an investigation with respect to whether we are in compliance with applicable recordkeeping requirements and lead-safe practices.  Any adverse result following such investigations could negatively affect our operations.  In addition, failures by us or our third-party installers to effectively manage such requirements and internal processes regarding installation services have, from time to time, resulted in, and in the future could result in lost sales, fines, and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, and may result in the loss of our general contractor