adversely affect our business and results of operations.
Positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and, if our public image and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, vendors, associates, and shareholders, and consequently, our business and results of operations.
Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at Lowe’s, our vendors want to do business with Lowe’s, and our associates want to work for Lowe’s.  We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow Lowe’s public image and reputation. Lowe’s actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation.  In addition, failure to meet our stated environmental and social objectives, and consumer, shareholder, and other stakeholder concerns about our environmental and social practices are potential sources of reputational risk.  Vendors and others with whom we do business may affect our reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our relationships with current and future vendors, impact our results of operations, affect our ability to recruit, retain, and engage our associates, and attract regulatory scrutiny.  The significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such negative incidents.
We have been, and in the future may be, subject to criticism in the media and negative social media campaigns related to certain initiatives, including those related to diversity and inclusion, and changes in those initiatives.  Widespread dissemination of such criticism at times may adversely impact our relationships with our associates, customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders.  In addition, the use of social media platforms and other technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other actions.
Additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business.  We may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third-party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own.  If we are unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected.
Failure to achieve and