licenses, which could negatively affect our business.
Technology and Cybersecurity Risks
Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems.
Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment.  We also engage third-party vendors for a variety of reasons, including for digital storage technology and content delivery.  Such vendors may have access to information about our customers, associates, or vendors.  Our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures, or other vulnerabilities and irregularities, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as an erosion of customer confidence.
Additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption.  In particular, the Company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. We may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of these investments and may experience operational challenges such as delays or errors in implementation, security failures such as loss or corruption of data, reputational harm, increased costs and other significant disruptions. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems.
The failure of customer-facing technology systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.
Access to the Internet from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile communication devices has empowered our customers and changed the way they shop and how we interact with them.  Our websites, primarily Lowes.com, are a sales channel for our products, and are also a method of making product, project, and other relevant information available to our customers that impacts our in-store sales.  Additionally, we have other affiliated websites and mobile apps through which we seek to inspire, inform, cross-sell, establish online communities among, and otherwise interact with, our customers, including
Table of Contents
through online visualization and configuration tools.  Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service, ransomware, or other cyber-attacks, or