including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
The Company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. These updates are expected to continue for the next few years, and management will continue to evaluate the design and implementation of the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting as the transformation continues.  No change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended May 2, 2025, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Table of Contents
Part II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. - Legal Proceedings
In addition to the matter referenced in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 (the Annual Report), the Company is from time to time a party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. With respect to such lawsuits, claims and proceedings, the Company records reserves when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.  The Company applies a threshold of $1,000,000 for purposes of disclosing environmental proceedings involving a governmental authority, if any, under this Item 1.  The Company does not believe that any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  The Company maintains liability insurance for certain risks that are subject to certain self-insurance limits.
Item 1A. - Risk Factors
There have been no material changes in the Company’s risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report filed with the SEC on March 24, 2025.
Item 2.
-
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table sets forth information with respect to purchases of the Company’s common stock on a trade date basis made during the three months ended May 2, 2025:
1
The total number of shares repurchased includes shares withheld from employees to satisfy either the exercise price of stock options or the statutory withholding tax liability upon the vesting of share-based awards.
2
On December 7, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized an additional $15.0 billion of share repurchases with no expiration.
3
Excludes excise tax on share repurchases in excess of issuances, which is recognized as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired in the consolidated statements of shareholders’ deficit.
Item 5. - Other Information
During the three months ended May 2, 2025, none of the Company’s directors or executive officers