identifying, assessing, and managing risks from cybersecurity threats.
Our CISO, who manages our cybersecurity program and receives information regarding cybersecurity incidents and threats from our information security group and through internal escalation procedures, reports to the CDIO, who reports directly to our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer.
The CDIO has served in various roles in information technology for over 25 years, holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in electrical and electronics engineering and computer science, and brings significant insights into cybersecurity strategies.  The CISO has served in various roles in information security for over 30 years, including serving as a CISO of four public companies.  The senior members of the information security group who report to the CISO have extensive experience in technology and security roles from serving with several large public companies and possess cybersecurity certifications, including Certified Information Systems Security Professional, Certified Information Security Manager, and Certified Information Systems Auditor, among others.
Oversight responsibility over cybersecurity risk is shared by the Board and the Audit Committee, with the Audit Committee being primarily responsible for overseeing risks related to cybersecurity, data protection, privacy, and significant emerging technology.
The Audit Committee regularly reviews metrics about cyber threat response preparedness, program maturity milestones, risk mitigation status, and the current and emerging threat landscape, in addition to the results of third-party reviews and assessments of our security controls.
Our CDIO or CISO provide regular cybersecurity updates in the form of written reports and presentations to the Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings, which are also provided to the full Board.
We also have protocols by which certain cybersecurity incidents are escalated and, where appropriate, reported to the Audit Committee in a timely manner.
Table of Contents
Item 2 - Properties
As of January 31, 2025, our properties consisted o
f 1,748 sto
res and outlets in the United States with a total of approximately 195 million square feet of selling space.  A summary of our stores is as follows:
Of the total stores operating as of January 31, 2025, approximately 89% are owned, which includes stores on leased land, with the remainder being leased from third parties.  We also operate several facilities to support distribution and fulfillment, as well as data centers and various support offices.  Our executive offices are located in Mooresville, North Carolina.
Item 3 - Legal Proceedings
The Company is from time to time a party to various lawsuits, claims, and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.  With respect to such lawsuits, claims, and proceedings, the Company records reserves when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably