As of fiscal 2024, our minimum wage starts at $15 per hour, which helps us remain competitive for talent in all of our markets.  These investments include incremental wages and share-based compensation for our frontline associates, which included creating many new roles for our associates to grow into as they advance along their career path.
We offer an array of health, welfare, and financial benefits to our full-time and part-time associates, including health care and insurance benefits, retirement plans, an employee stock purchase plan, paid time off, and leave programs, among many others.  We have implemented workforce management tools that enable us to offer various scheduling options to our full-time associates to foster an improved experience in balancing their work and life responsibilities.  This includes such options for a shortened workweek, consistent shifts, or consecutive days off.
Our focus on the associate experience begins at initial application.  The implementation of improved technology in the hiring process has simplified the experience for those looking to join Lowe’s and helped to drive the experience overall.  We have  Spanish language capabilities to promote bilingual hiring by guiding Spanish-speaking candidates through the full application process.
Providing a safe environment for both working and shopping is our highest priority at Lowe’s.  We strive to maintain a culture of safety, which begins with our leaders modeling the behaviors we want our associates to adopt.  We embed safety into associate onboarding, developmental e-learning, and on-the-job training.
Sense of Belonging
We believe that by building diverse and inclusive teams with a range of perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences, and equal opportunity for all, we drive better ideas, positive business results, and improve service through a deeper connection with the diverse communities we serve.  Earlier this year, we evolved our diversity and inclusion initiatives, combining our eight Business Resource Groups into one umbrella associate engagement organization.  By shifting to one, unified program, Lowe’s is able to foster networking and development for all associates across all areas of the business.  Additionally, we eliminated our sponsorship of outside festivals, parades, and fairs to focus on our four community pillars: safe and affordable housing, community improvements, skilled trades education, and disaster response.  Finally, we are evaluating our participation in external surveys, factoring in the goals of each survey and whether we will gain any actionable insights as a result of our participation.  These changes were made with the goal of creating a more respectful and inclusive workplace for all of our associates.
Promising Future
We are committed to securing top talent and providing ongoing training and other developmental opportunities to facilitate meaningful careers at Lowe’s.  We offer a variety of role-specific leadership and development