of share repurchases under the program.  As of January 31, 2025, the Company had $
10.8
billion remaining under the program.
During the year ended January 31, 2025, the Company entered into Accelerated Share Repurchase (ASR) agreements with third-party financial institutions to repurchase a total of
6.1
million shares of the Company’s common stock for $
1.5
billion.  At inception, the Company paid the financial institutions using cash on hand and took initial delivery of shares.  Under the terms of the ASR agreements, upon settlement, the Company would either receive additional shares from the financial institution or be required to deliver additional shares or cash to the financial institution.  The Company controlled its election to either deliver additional shares or cash to the financial institution and was subject to provisions which limited the number of shares the Company would be required to deliver.
The final number of shares received upon settlement of each ASR agreement was determined with reference to the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s common stock over the term of the ASR agreement.  The initial repurchase of shares under these agreements resulted in an immediate reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share.
These ASR agreements were accounted for as treasury stock transactions and forward stock purchase contracts.  The par value of the shares received was recorded as a reduction to common stock with the remainder recorded as a reduction to capital in excess of par value and accumulated deficit.  The forward stock purchase contracts were considered indexed to the Company’s own stock and were classified as equity instruments.
Table of Contents
The terms of each ASR agreement entered into during the last three fiscal years, structured as outlined above, are as follows (in millions):
During the year ended January 31, 2025, the Company also repurchased shares of its common stock through the open market totaling
9.3
million shares for a cost of $
2.3
billion.
The Company also withholds shares from employees to satisfy either the exercise price of stock options exercised or the statutory withholding tax liability resulting from the vesting of restricted stock awards and performance share units.
Total shares repurchased for 2024, 2023, and 2022 were as follows:
1
As of January 1, 2023, share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a
1
% excise tax, which is included as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired.
NOTE 10:
Share-Based Payments
Overview of Share-Based Payment Plans
The Company has an active equity incentive plan (the Incentive Plan) under which the Company has been authorized to grant share-based awards to key employees and non-employee directors.  The Company also has an employee stock purchase plan (the ESPP) that allows employees to purchase Company shares at a discount through payroll