deductions.  Both of these plans contain a non-discretionary anti-dilution provision that is designed to equalize the value of an award as a result of any stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization, or any other similar equity restructuring.
A total of
80.0
million shares were authorized for grants of share-based awards to key employees and non-employee directors under the Company’s currently active Incentive Plan, of which there were
23.5
million shares remaining available for grants as of January 31, 2025.  The 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP) permits a maximum of
20.0
million shares to be offered for purchase.  As of January 31, 2025, there were
17.5
million s
hares remaining available for purchase.
The Company recognized share-based payment expense within SG&A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings of $
221
million, $
210
million, and $
224
million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.  The total associated income tax benefit recognized, exclusive of excess tax benefits, was $
42
million, $
30
million, and $
36
million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Table of Contents
Total unrecognized share-based payment expense for all share-based payment plans was $
281
million as of January 31, 2025, of which $
163
million will be recognized in 2025, $
101
million in 2026, and $
17
million thereafter.  This results in these amounts being recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.4
years.
For all share-based payment awards, the expense recognized has been adjusted for estimated forfeitures where the requisite service is not expected to be met.  Estimated forfeiture rates are developed based on the Company’s analysis of historical forfeiture data for homogeneous employee groups.
General terms and methods of valuation for the Company’s share-based awards are as follows:
Stock Options
Stock options have terms of
10
years, with one-third of each grant vesting each year for
three years
, subsequent to the date of the grant, and are assigned an exercise price equal to the closing market price of a share of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant.  Options are expensed on a straight-line basis over the grant vesting period, which is considered to be the requisite service period.
The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.  When determining expected volatility, the Company considers the historical volatility of the Company’s stock price, as well as implied volatility.  The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant, based on the options’ expected term.  The expected term of the options is based on the Company’s evaluation of option holders’ exercise patterns and represents the period of time that options are expected to remain unexercised.  The Company uses historical data to estimate the timing and amount of forfeitures.
The weighted average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-