realized gains on the contingent consideration associated with the fiscal 2022 sale of the Canadian retail business (Canadian retail business transaction).
Fiscal 2023 Impacts
•
In fiscal 2023, the Company recognized pre-tax income of $63 million consisting of a realized gain on the contingent consideration and adjustments to the selling price associated with the fiscal 2022 sale of the Canadian retail business (Canadian retail business transaction).
Adjusted diluted earnings per share should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful indicator of, the Company’s diluted earnings per common share as prepared in accordance with GAAP.  The Company’s methods of determining this non-GAAP financial measure may differ from the method used by other companies and may not be comparable.
1
Represents the tax benefit or expense related to the item excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share.
Return on Invested Capital
Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) is calculated using a non-GAAP financial measure.  Management believes ROIC is a meaningful metric for analysts and investors as a measure of how effectively the Company is using capital to generate financial returns.  Although ROIC is a common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating ROIC.  Accordingly, the method used by our management may differ from the methods used by other companies.  We encourage you to understand the methods used by another company to calculate ROIC before comparing its ROIC to ours.
We define ROIC as the rolling 12 months’ lease adjusted net operating profit after tax (Lease adjusted NOPAT) divided by the average of current year and prior year ending debt and shareholders’ deficit.  Lease adjusted NOPAT is a non-GAAP financial measure, and net earnings is considered to be the most comparable GAAP financial measure.  The calculation of ROIC, together with a reconciliation of net earnings to Lease adjusted NOPAT, is as follows:
Table of Contents
1
Income tax adjustment is defined as net operating profit multiplied by the effective tax rate, which was 24.0%, 24.1%, and 28.8% for fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively.
2
Average debt and shareholders’ deficit is defined as average current year and prior year ending debt, including current maturities, short-
term borrowings, and operating lease liabilities, plus the average current year and prior year ending total shareholders’ deficit.
3
For the year ended January 31, 2025, February 2, 2024, and February 3, 2023, return on invested capital was impacted by approximately 44 basis points, 19 basis points, an
d
-800
basis points, respectively, as a result of the sale of the Canadian retail business.
FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Sources of Liquidity
Cash flows from operations, combined with our continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, remain adequate to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term