defined as average current year and prior year ending debt, including current maturities, short-term borrowings, and operating lease liabilities, plus the average current year and prior year ending total shareholders’ deficit.
Results of Operations
Net Sales –
Net sales for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 decreased 2.0% to $20.9 billion.  Comparable sales declined 1.7% consisting of a 3.8% decrease in comparable customer transactions, partially offset by a 2.1% increase in comparable average ticket.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we experienced comparable sales increases in three of 14 product categories: Building Materials, Appliances, and Rough Plumbing.  Growth in Building Materials and Rough Plumbing reflect strong demand with the Pro customer, demonstrating improvement from our investments in our Pro product and service offerings.
Gross Margin –
For the first quarter of fiscal 2025, gross margin increased 19 basis points as a percentage of sales.  The gross margin improvement for the quarter is primarily driven by ongoing productivity initiatives and improvement in shrink and credit revenue.
Table of Contents
SG&A –
For the first quarter of fiscal 2025, SG&A expense deleveraged 56 basis points as a percentage of sales compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2024 due primarily to lower sales volume, incremental wage actions and higher health care costs.
Depreciation and Amortization –
Depreciation and amortization deleveraged 13 basis points for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared to the prior year.
Interest – Net
– Interest expense for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 leveraged four basis points as a percentage of sales.
Income Tax Provision –
Our effective income tax rates were 23.9% and 23.7% for the three months ended May 2, 2025 and May 3, 2024, respectively.
FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Sources of Liquidity
Cash flows from operations, combined with our continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, remain adequate to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term growth, return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and repay debt maturities as they become due.  We believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months.  As of May 2, 2025, we held $3.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, as well as $4.0 billion in undrawn capacity on our revolving credit facilities.
Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities
Cash flows from operating activities continued to provide the primary source of our liquidity.  The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended May 2, 2025, compared to the three months ended May 3, 2024, was primarily driven by changes in working capital and lower net earnings.  Cash flows relating to changes in accounts payable were unfavorable $1.1 billion primarily due to timing of purchases and an earlier