personal income, home price appreciation, and the age of the housing stock.  We believe these drivers will sustain long-term demand as homeowners invest in repairs and upgrades.  Trends such as millennial household formation,  the elderly preference to age in place, and the persistence of remote work also support home improvement market demand.  While these demand drivers remain supportive, broader market uncertainties also exist around tariffs, tax policy, and the overall geopolitical environment.  We remain focused on delivering strong operating performance, while continuing to make the right long-term investments for growth.  This includes executing at a high level through the near-term market pressures by driving productivity, managing costs, and investing in our updated Total Home strategy while continuing to drive sustainable, long-term shareholder value.
OPERATIONS
The following table sets forth the percentage relationship to net sales of each line item of the consolidated statements of earnings.  This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.
The following table sets forth key metrics utilized by management in assessing business performance. This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.
1
The fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 had 53 weeks. The fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and February 2, 2024 had 52 weeks.
2
A comparable location is defined as a retail location that has been open longer than 13 months.  A location that is identified for relocation is no longer considered comparable in the month of its relocation.  The relocated location must then remain open longer than 13 months to be considered comparable.  A location we have decided to close is no longer considered comparable as of the beginning of the month in which we announce its closing.  Operating locations which are sold are included in comparable sales until the date of sale.  Comparable sales include online sales, which positively impacted comparable sales in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022 by approximately 50
Table of Contents
basis points, 25 basis points, and 45 basis points, respectively. The comparable sales calculation for fiscal 2022 was calculated using sales for a comparable 52-week period.
3
Average ticket is defined as net sales divided by the total number of customer transactions.
4
Average store size selling square feet is defined as sales floor square feet divided by the number of stores open at the end of the period.
5
Return on invested capital is calculated using a non-GAAP financial measure.  See below for additional information and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures.
Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023
Net Sales –
Net sales decreased 3.1% to