paid per share increased from $1.10 per share for the three months ended May 3, 2024, to $1.15 per share for the three months ended May 2, 2025.
Capital Resources
We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt.  The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios.  The table below reflects our debt ratings by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Moody’s as of May 29, 2025, which we are disclosing to enhance understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effect of our ratings on our cost of funds.  Our debt ratings have given, and should continue to give, us the option to refinance our debt as it becomes due.  Our commercial paper and senior debt ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
Table of Contents
There are no provisions in any agreements that would require early cash settlement of existing debt or leases as a result of a downgrade in our debt rating or a decrease in our stock price.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements presented in the Annual Report.  Our critical accounting policies and estimates are described in “Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Annual Report.  Our significant and critical accounting policies and estimates have not changed significantly since the filing of the Annual Report.
Item 3. - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
The Company is exposed to certain market risks, including changes in interest rates and commodity prices.  The Company’s market risks have not changed materially from those disclosed in the Annual Report for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025.
Item 4. - Controls and Procedures
The Company’s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s “disclosure controls and procedures,” (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)).  Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of May 2, 2025, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act with the SEC (1) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management,