value upon recognition and as of each balance sheet date thereafter.  Changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration are recognized within SG&A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Investments with a stated maturity date of one year or less from the balance sheet date or that are expected to be used in current operations are classified as short-term investments.  All other investments are classified as long-term.  Available-for-sale debt securities classified as long-term as of January 31, 2025, will mature in
one
to
three years
, based on stated maturity dates.
The Company classifies as investments restricted balances pledged as collateral for the Company’s extended protection plan program.
Restricted balances included in short-term investments were $
372
million as of January 31, 2025, and $
307
million as of February 2, 2024.  Restricted balances included in long-term investments were $
277
million as of January 31, 2025, and $
252
million as of February 2, 2024.
Table of Contents
Merchandise Inventory
- The Company’s inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value (LCNRV) using the first-in, first-out method of inventory accounting.  The cost of inventory includes certain costs associated with the preparation of inventory for resale, including distribution center costs, and is net of vendor funds.
The Company records an inventory reserve for the estimated adjustment to mark down merchandise inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value.  This reserve is based on management’s current knowledge with respect to inventory levels, sales trends, and historical experience.  Management does not believe the Company’s merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of markdown in the near term in excess of established reserves, and management has the ability to adjust purchasing patterns based on anticipated sales trends and general economic conditions.  However, changes in consumer purchasing patterns could result in the need for additional reserves.
The Company’s LCNRV inventory reserve was $
222
million as of January 31, 2025, and $
245
million as of February 2, 2024.
The Company also records an inventory reserve for the estimated shrinkage between physical inventories.  This reserve is based primarily on actual shrink results from previous physical inventories.  Changes in the estimated shrink reserve are made based on the timing and results of physical inventories.
The Company’s reserve for inventory shrinkage was $
427
million as of January 31, 2025, and $
425
million as of February 2, 2024.
The Company receives funds from vendors in the normal course of business, principally as a result of purchase volumes, early payments, or sales-based promotions of vendors’ products.  Generally, these vendor funds do not represent the reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs incurred by the Company to sell the vendor’s product.  Therefore, the Company treats these