Company’s outstanding payment obligations that suppliers financed to participating financial institutions, which are included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets, are as follows:
Note 7:
Debt
The Company’s commercial paper program is supported by the $
2.0
billion
five-year
unsecured revolving credit agreement entered into in September 2023 (2023 Credit Agreement) and the $
2.0
billion
five-year
unsecured third amended and restated credit agreement entered into in December 2021, and as amended (Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement).  The amounts available to be drawn under the 2023 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are reduced by the amount of borrowings under the commercial paper program.  As of May 2, 2025, May 3, 2024, and January 31, 2025, there were
no
outstanding borrowings under the Company’s commercial paper program, the 2023 Credit Agreement, or
Table of Contents
the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.  Total combined availability under the 2023 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement was $
4.0
billion as of May 2, 2025.
Note 8:
Derivative Instruments
The Company utilizes fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreements as fair value hedges on certain debt.
The notional amounts for the Company’s material derivative instruments are as follows:
See
Note 5
for the gross fair values of the Company’s outstanding derivative financial instruments and corresponding fair value classifications.  The cash flows related to settlement of the Company’s hedging derivative financial instruments are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows based on the nature of the underlying hedged items.
The Company accounts for the fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreements as fair value hedges using the shortcut method of accounting under which the hedges are assumed to be perfectly effective.  Thus, the change in fair value of the derivative instruments offsets the change in fair value on the hedged debt, and there is no net impact in the consolidated statements of earnings from the fair value of the derivatives.
Note 9:
Shareholders’ Deficit
The Company has a share repurchase program that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market, which may be made under pre-set trading plans meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or through private off-market transactions.  Shares purchased under the repurchase program are returned to authorized and unissued status.  Any excess of cost over par value is charged to additional paid-in capital to the extent that a balance is present.  Once additional paid-in capital is fully depleted, remaining excess of cost over par value is charged to accumulated deficit.  As of May 2, 2025, the Company had $
10.8
billion remaining in its share repurchase program.
The Company also withholds shares from employees to satisfy either the exercise price of