estimated.  The Company applies a threshold of $1,000,000 for purposes of disclosing environmental proceedings involving a governmental authority, if any, under this Item 3.  The Company does not believe that any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.  The Company maintains liability insurance for certain risks that are subject to certain self-insurance limits.
The U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Central District of California and the U.S. EPA’s Region 9 Office have been conducting an investigation with respect to whether the Company and independent contractors who performed installations under the Company’s third-party installer program complied with applicable recordkeeping requirements and lead-safe practices under the Toxic Substances Control Act, the EPA’s Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting Rules, and with an EPA civil consent
Table of Contents
decree that the Company entered into in 2014 in the context of projects in homes constructed before 1978.  In the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the EPA’s Region 5 and other EPA and U.S. Department of Justice representatives informed the Company that they have identified possible deviations from the consent decree.  While we cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of these matters, we do not expect them to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Table of Contents
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Set forth below is a list of names and ages of the executive officers of the registrant indicating all positions and offices with the registrant held by each such person and each person’s principal occupations or employment during the past five years unless otherwise noted.  Each executive officer of the registrant is elected by the Board of Directors.  Each executive officer of the registrant holds office from the date of election until a successor is elected or until his or her death, resignation or removal.
Table of Contents
Part II
Item 5
-
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Lowe’s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).  The ticker symbol for Lowe’s is “LOW”.  As of March 20, 2025, there were 19,786 holders of record of Lowe’s common stock.
Total Return to Shareholders
The following information in Item 5 of this Annual Report is not deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into