payments.  Furthermore, defending against these proceedings may require a diversion of management’s attention and resources.  None of the legal proceedings in which we are currently involved, individually or collectively, are considered material.
The inflation or deflation of commodity and other prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, and our sales.
Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber, copper, energy, and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary pressures, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, tariffs and trade restrictions, and periodic delays in delivery.   Rapid and significant changes in commodity and other prices, such as changes in lumber prices, and our ability to pass them on to our customers or manage them through our portfolio strategy, have affected, and may continue to affect, the demand for our products and our sales.
Tax
matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions.
We may be affected by higher rates of federal, state, or local tax imposed as a result of political developments or economic conditions, which could affect our effective tax rate.  Our effective tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by regulatory and legal changes, the results of tax audits and examinations, disallowed tax strategies, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, all of which could negatively impact our business.  Changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties or the economy generally could also impact our financial condition and results of operations.
Liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient, rational, and open capital markets and are dependent on our credit strength.  Our inability to access capital markets could negatively affect our business, financial performance, and results of operations.
We rely on cash flows from operations, as well as continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term growth, return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and repay debt maturities as they become due.  Our access to capital markets depends on our strong credit ratings, the overall condition of such capital markets and our operating performance.  If rating agencies lower or place our credit ratings on a credit watch, or if we experience a deterioration of certain financial ratios, it could adversely affect our ability to access the public debt markets and our cost of funds.  Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically, and there is no guarantee that our current credit ratings will remain the same.  Disruption in the financial markets, including as a result of rising