maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with customers, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition.
Product and service quality issues could result in a negative impact on customer confidence in Lowe’s and our brand image.  If our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial, and reputational risks.  As a result, Lowe’s reputation as a retailer of high-quality products and services, including both national and Lowe’s private brands, could suffer and impact customer loyalty.  Additionally, we and our customers have expectations on responsible sourcing and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  Under our Vendor Code of Conduct, our vendors are required to meet our expectations across multiple areas of compliance, including health and safety, environmental standards, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced labor.  Where appropriate, we request that our vendors provide additional documentation proving their compliance in these areas.  If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of our standards not being met may increase.  Actual, potential, or perceived product safety concerns or vendor non-compliance exposes us to litigation, as well as government enforcement action, and could, and in certain instances in the past has, resulted in costly product recalls, the inability to sell certain products due to customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, and other liabilities.
Our sales and profitability depend on our ability to maintain our store base and maintain appropriate levels of inventory and failure to do so may affect our business, financial condition and result of operations.
We have a store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire.  Our capital investments in our stores may not deliver the convenience or relevant shopping experience our customers expect.  It is important that we maintain appropriate levels of inventory in our stores and supply chain facilities and respond to changing customer demands. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory (known as “shrink”).  Higher rates of shrink, which we have experienced from time to time, including as a result of organized retail crime, can require operational changes that may increase costs and adversely impact customer and associate experience.
Table of Contents
Supply Chain and Third-Party Risks
Disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various