to help expand skilled trades career pathways through a growing network of community colleges and nonprofits in rural and urban communities.  From funding new skilled trade facilities and instructors to accreditation programs, these grants support carpentry and construction, HVAC, electrical, plumbing, and appliance repair training.
Product Sustainability
We are committed to promoting sustainable practices throughout our supply chain and providing customers with eco-friendly, high quality, and safe products.  Our products undergo a thorough selection process, beginning with our sourcing decisions. Through collaboration and established management systems, we monitor our suppliers’ practices to secure high-quality products from suppliers who support worker rights and protect the environment.  Lowe’s human rights policy supports the fundamental principles of human rights, as defined by the “Universal Declaration of Human Rights.”  We continue to hold all suppliers to our rigorous standards through our human rights policy, our conflict minerals policy, and our Vendor Code of Conduct, which includes enhanced environmental standards.
In addition, we have a wood sourcing policy with principles that we expect our vendors to follow, including no illegal logging; no deforestation; no sourcing of endangered species; the protection and preservation of biodiversity; and undergoing and securing Free, Prior and Informed Consent, as defined by the United Nations, wherever applicable.  We have enhanced our wood sourcing policy to include a more robust risk-based approach, including new wood sourcing risk levels by country, improved monitoring practices, and a new forestry grievance process.
We are dedicated to empowering our customers to lead more sustainable lives while minimizing the environmental footprint of our products.  We continue to expand our offering of independently certified products that have validated environmental claims, preserve and protect natural resources, and help customers decrease energy and water consumption.  We work with local and regional utilities to offer customers assorted rebates for a variety of efficient products including ENERGY STAR
®
and WaterSense
®
.
Reducing our Environmental Footprint
We are committed to mitigating climate change by reducing the environmental impact of our operations and supply chain through reducing carbon emissions with investments in energy efficiency, use of renewable energy, environmentally friendly transportation practices, and innovative water and waste management systems.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
In December 2022, Lowe’s established a goal to reach net-zero emissions across the Company’s scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions by 2050.  Lowe’s has since increased its interim emissions targets for 2030 and committed to decreasing its scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42% and reducing scope 3 emissions by 25% below 2021 levels.  We report our progress annually in Lowe’s Corporate Responsibility Report, to the