Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), and via
lowes.com/net-zero
.  The contents of these reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Table of Contents
To reach these targets, Lowe’s will focus on increasing operational efficiency and working to reduce emissions across Lowe's entire value chain.  We are making further investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy within our operations, while exploring emerging technologies to reduce emissions associated with our vehicle fleet and facilities.  Over the past three years, we have spent more than $300 million across multiple projects including replacing stores’ aging HVAC units with high efficiency models, installing and updating building management systems, installing pallet grinders, and completing indoor LED lighting upgrades.  Lowe’s continues to partner with our suppliers to decrease our scope 3 GHG emissions.  We encourage suppliers to report their emissions to CDP, giving suppliers more insight into how they generate emissions, which is the first step toward helping them reduce upstream emissions.  This collaboration can help suppliers increase their operational efficiency and reduce their emissions through the use of renewable energy and low-carbon innovations.  When our suppliers mitigate their impacts on the climate, Lowe’s own scope 3 emissions can be reduced.
Procuring renewable energy is another lever to reduce our emissions footprint.  Our first renewable power purchase agreement, the Mesquite Star wind farm in Texas, went live in fiscal 2020 and is now in its fifth year of operation.  As we strive to establish a pipeline of other offsite renewable projects, several projects are planned to become active over the next few years.  Lowe’s is a member of the Clean Energy Buyers Association to evaluate and explore new opportunities and technologies across renewable energy markets (e.g., community solar, power purchase agreements), as well as implementing on-site solar generation in multiple states.  In fiscal 2023, we announced plans to install rooftop solar panels at 174 store and distribution center locations nationwide, including more than 50 sites already in operation.  More than 100 sites were operational by the end of fiscal 2024.  Once each site is completed, the solar panels will provide approximately 90% of the energy usage at each location.
We are dedicated to promoting sustainable practices in the transportation industry, and we collaborate with the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) SmartWay program to reduce transportation emissions by managing and reducing fuel usage through incentives for freight contractors to improve efficiency.  We are an EPA SmartWay program partner and aim for 100% SmartWay certification for our transportation providers.  This program provides access to comprehensive data and oversight of scope 3 emissions associated