timely manner.
As our workforce composition continues to change, our employees may have different expectations with respect to flexibility and well-being support, and may have different career motivations (such as pursuing project-based work or other gig opportunities, as opposed to linear career paths).  Additionally, employees may require different levels of support as to re-skilling and upskilling in order to adapt to advancements in our industry and changes in technology.  Further, certain current and prospective employees may have expectations as to positions we take on environmental, social and governance matters.  To the extent we are unable to effectively meet and/or balance these different expectations, motivations and needs, we could experience a negative impact to the quality of our corporate culture, the productivity of our workforce, our ability to innovate and our ability to attract and retain talent.
We rely on our people leaders to display integrity and decency, as role models for the Mastercard Way.  To the extent our leaders behave in a manner that is not consistent with these values, we could experience significant impact to our brand and reputation, as well as to our corporate culture.
Any one or more of the above could harm our overall business and results of operations.
Acquisitions and Strategic Investments
Our efforts to enter into acquisitions, strategic investments or new businesses could be impacted or prevented by regulatory scrutiny and could otherwise result in issues that could disrupt our business and harm our results of operations or reputation.
We continue to evaluate our strategic acquisitions of, and investments in, complementary businesses, products or technologies.  As we do so, we face increasing regulatory scrutiny with respect to antitrust, national security and other considerations that could impact these efforts.  We also face competition for acquisition targets due to the nature of the market for technology companies.  As a result, we could be prevented from successfully completing such acquisitions in the future.  If we are not successful in these efforts, we could lose strategic opportunities that are dependent, in part, on inorganic growth.
To the extent we do make these acquisitions, we may not be able to successfully partner with or integrate them, despite original intentions and focused efforts.  Such an integration also may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations.  Moreover, we have spent, and may continue to spend, time and money on acquisitions or projects that do
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
37
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
not sufficiently meet our expectations (either strategically or financially), which has resulted (and may in the future result) in divesting from or otherwise exiting these investments or businesses.  Additionally, to the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash reserves available to