current and anticipated cash needs.
57
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following table summarizes the annual total and per share dividends paid in the years reflected:
On December 17, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.76 per share paid on February 7, 2025 to holders of record as of January 9, 2025 of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock.  The aggregate amount of this dividend was $694 million.
On February 10, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.76 per share payable on May 9, 2025 to holders of record as of April 9, 2025 of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock.  The aggregate amount of this dividend is estimated to be $693 million.
Repurchased shares of our common stock are considered treasury stock.  In December 2024 and 2023, our Board of Directors approved share repurchase programs of our Class A common stock authorizing us to repurchase up to $12.0 billion and $11.0 billion, respectively.  The program approved in 2024 will become effective after the completion of the program approved in 2023.  The timing and actual number of additional shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including cash requirements to meet the operating needs of the business, legal requirements, as well as the share price and economic and market conditions.  The following table summarizes our share repurchase authorizations and repurchase activity of our Class A common stock for the year ended December 31, 2024, unless otherwise noted:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
See Note 16 (Stockholders' Equity) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 for further discussion.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The application of GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that directly affect our reported financial condition.  Our significant accounting policies, including recent accounting pronouncements, are described in Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8.
Revenue Recognition - Rebates and Incentives
We enter into business agreements with certain customers that provide for rebates and incentives when customers meet certain volume thresholds or other incentives tied to customer performance.  We consider various factors in estimating customer performance, including forecasted transactions, card issuance and card conversion volumes, expected payments and historical experience with that customer.  Rebates and incentives are recorded within net revenue based on these estimates primarily when volume- and transaction- based revenues are recognized over the contractual term.  Differences between actual results and our estimates are adjusted in the period the customer reports actual performance.  If our customers’ actual