revenues are recognized over the contractual term.  Variable rebates and incentives are calculated based upon estimated customer performance, such as volume thresholds, and the terms of the related business agreements.  Customer incentives to be paid to customers under business agreements are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Certain of the Company’s contracts may include options to receive additional value-added services and solutions.  The Company accounts for the option as a distinct performance obligation if the option provides a material right to the customer.  Material rights are incremental to the standard offerings, which a customer would not have received without entering into the contract.  If a material right exists in a contract, revenue allocated to the option is deferred and recognized as revenue when those future products or services are transferred or when the option expires.  The value of the option is based on observable prices in the contract or on a relative SSP basis.
Contract assets include unbilled consideration typically resulting from executed value-added services and solutions performed for customers in connection with Mastercard’s payments network service arrangements.  Collection for these services typically occurs over the contractual term.  Contract assets are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
The Company defers the recognition of revenue when consideration has been received prior to the satisfaction of performance obligations.  As these performance obligations are satisfied, revenue is subsequently recognized.  Deferred revenue primarily relates to certain value-added services and solutions.  Deferred revenue is included in other current liabilities and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Business combinations
- The Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting.  The Company measures the tangible and intangible identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and contingent consideration at fair value as of the acquisition date.  Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.  Any excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill.  Measurement period adjustments, if any, to the preliminary estimated fair value of the intangibles assets as of the acquisition date are recorded in goodwill.
Goodwill and other intangible assets
- Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of goodwill and customer relationships.  Goodwill represents the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition date and the assembled workforce.  Finite-lived intangible assets consist of capitalized software costs, intangible assets