market values.  The Company uses discounted cash flows and market assumptions to estimate the fair value of its nonmarketable equity investments when certain events or circumstances indicate that impairment may exist.  The Company’s nonmarketable equity investments are accounted for under the measurement alternative method or equity method.
◦
Measurement alternative method - The Company accounts for investments in common stock or in-substance common stock under the measurement alternative method of accounting when it does not exercise significant influence, generally when it holds less than
20
% ownership in the entity or when the interest in a limited partnership or limited liability company is less than
5
% and the Company has no significant influence over the operations of the investee.  Investments in companies that Mastercard does not control, but that are not in the form of common stock or in-substance common stock, are also accounted for under the measurement alternative method of accounting.  Measurement alternative investments are measured at cost, less any impairment and adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer.  Fair value adjustments, as well as impairments, are included in gains (losses) on equity investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations.
◦
Equity method - The Company accounts for investments in common stock or in-substance common stock under the equity method of accounting when it has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operations of the investee, generally when it holds between 20% and 50% ownership in the entity.  The excess of the cost over the underlying net equity of investments accounted for under the equity method is allocated to identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on fair values at the date of acquisition.  The amortization of the excess of the cost over the underlying net equity of investments and Mastercard’s share of net earnings or losses of entities accounted for under the equity method of accounting is included in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations.
In addition, investments in flow-through entities such as limited partnerships and limited liability companies are also accounted for under the equity method when the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operations of the investee, generally when the investment ownership percentage is equal to or greater than 5% of the outstanding ownership interest.  The Company’s share of net earnings or losses for these investments are included in gains (losses) on equity investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations.
Derivative and hedging instruments
- The Company’s derivative financial instruments are recorded as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and measured at fair value.  The Company’s foreign exchange and interest