on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts.
34
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
PART I
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Drivers of Change
The following table summarizes the drivers of change in operating expenses:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
**    Not applicable.
1
Represents the translational and transactional impact of currency.
2
See “Non-GAAP Financial Information” for further information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts.
General and Administrative
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, general and administrative expenses increased 10%, or 12% on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2024, which included a 3 percentage point increase from Acquisitions.  The remaining increase was primarily due to higher personnel costs to support the continued investment in our strategic initiatives across payments and value-added services and solutions.
The components of general and administrative expenses were as follows:
**    Not meaningful.
1
Foreign exchange activity includes the impact of remeasurement of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies net of the impact of gains and losses on foreign exchange derivative contracts.  See Note 16 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 for further discussion.
Advertising and Marketing
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, advertising and marketing expenses increased 32%, or 34% on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2024, which included a 2 percentage point increase from Acquisitions.  The remaining increase was primarily due to an increase in spending on marketing campaigns and sponsorships.
Depreciation and Amortization
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, depreciation and amortization expenses increased 27%, or 28% on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2024, which included a 14 percentage point increase from Acquisitions.  The remaining increase was primarily due to increased software capitalization driven by the continued growth of our business.
Provision for Litigation
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, we recorded charges of $151 million, primarily as a result of a change in estimate related to the claims of merchants who opted out of the U.S. merchant class litigation.  See “Non-GAAP Financial Information” in this section and Note 14 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for further discussion.
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
35
PART I
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Other Income (Expense)
The components of total other income (expense) were as follows:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
1
See “Non-GAAP Financial Information” for further