See “Risk Factors - Settlement and Third-Party Obligations” in this Part I, Item 1A with respect to how we guarantee certain third-party obligations.
With the exception of the U.S. and a select number of other jurisdictions, most in-country (as opposed to cross-border) transactions conducted using cards with our brands are switched by our customers or other processors.  Because we do not provide domestic switching services in these countries or have direct relationships with account holders, we depend on our close working relationships with our customers to effectively manage our brands, and the perception of our payments system, among consumers in these countries.  We also rely on these customers to help manage our brands and perception among regulators and merchants in these countries, alongside our own relationships with them.  From time to time, our customers may take actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our payments system overall, which may materially and adversely impact our business.
Merchants’ continued focus on acceptance costs may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings and/or increase our incentive program costs, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability.
Merchants are important constituents in our payments system.  We rely on both our relationships with them, as well as their relationships with our issuer and acquirer customers, to continue to expand the acceptance of our products and services.  We also work with merchants to help them enable new sales channels, create better purchase experiences, improve efficiencies, increase revenues and fight fraud.  In the retail industry, we believe a set of larger merchants with increasingly global scope and influence are having a significant impact on all participants in the global payments industry, including Mastercard.  Some large merchants have supported the legal, regulatory and legislative challenges to interchange fees that Mastercard has been defending, including the U.S. merchant litigations.  Some merchants are increasingly asking regulators to review and potentially regulate our own network fees, in addition to interchange.  See “Risk Factors – Payments Industry Regulation” in this Part I, Item 1A.  The continued focus of merchants on the costs of accepting various forms of payment (including digital) may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings.
Certain larger merchants are also able to negotiate incentives from us and pricing concessions from our issuer and acquirer customers as a condition of accepting our products.  We also make payments to certain merchants to incentivize them to create co-branded payment programs with us.  As merchants consolidate and become even larger, we may have to increase the amount of incentives that we provide to certain merchants, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.  Competitive and regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult