105
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The pre-tax gain (loss) related to the Company's derivative financial instruments designated as hedging instruments are as follows:
1
Includes immaterial amounts excluded from the effectiveness assessment recognized in other comprehensive income (loss).
2
Includes immaterial amounts excluded from the effectiveness assessment recognized in earnings.
The Company estimates that the pre-tax amount of the net deferred loss on cash flow hedges recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2024 that will be reclassified into the consolidated statements of operations within the next 12 months is not material.
The amount of gain (loss) recognized on the consolidated statements of operations for non-designated derivative contracts is summarized below:
The Company’s derivative financial instruments are subject to both market and counterparty credit risk.  Market risk is the potential for economic losses to be incurred on market risk sensitive instruments arising from adverse changes in market factors such as foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and other related variables.  Counterparty credit risk is the risk of loss due to failure of the counterparty to perform its obligations in accordance with contractual terms.  The Company’s derivative contracts are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements, which contain various netting and setoff provisions.  However, the Company has elected to present derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis on the consolidated balance sheets.  To mitigate counterparty credit risk, the Company enters into derivative contracts with a diversified group of selected financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors.  Generally, the Company does not obtain collateral related to derivatives because of the high credit ratings of the counterparties.
Note 24.
Segment Reporting
Mastercard has concluded it has
one
reportable operating segment, “Payment Solutions.”  The Payment Solutions segment derives its revenues from a wide range of payment solutions provided to customers.  Revenue is generated from offering customers access to Mastercard’s continuous payment network, as well as by providing value-added services and solutions, whether integrated and sold with the payment network or on a stand-alone basis.  Revenue is recognized when services are performed in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those services (i.e., fees charged to customers).  All of the segment’s activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent upon and supportive of the other.  Accordingly, all significant operating decisions are based upon analysis of Mastercard at the consolidated level.  The accounting policies of the Payment Solutions segment are the same as those described in