intangible assets, including goodwill of $
200
million that is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition date.  None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for local tax purposes.
These acquisitions align with the Company’s strategy to grow, diversify and build the Company’s business.  Refer to Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for the valuation techniques Mastercard utilizes to fair value the respective components of business combinations.
The Company is evaluating and finalizing the purchase accounting for the businesses acquired during 2024.  In 2023, the Company finalized the purchase accounting for the business acquired during 2022.
The fair values of the purchase price allocations in aggregate, as of the acquisition dates, are noted below for the years ended December 31.
** No material business acquisitions completed in 2023.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
78
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table summarizes the identified intangible assets acquired during the years ended December 31:
** No material business acquisitions completed in 2023.
Proforma information related to these acquisitions was not included because the impact on the Company's consolidated results of operations was not considered to be material.
Note 3.
Revenue
Mastercard is a payments network service provider that generates revenue from a wide range of payments solutions provided to customers.  Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when services are performed in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services (i.e., fees charged to customers).  The Company disaggregates its net revenue from contracts with customers into two categories: (i) payment network and (ii) value-added services and solutions.  The Company’s net revenue categories, payment network and value-added services and solutions, are recognized net of rebates and incentives provided to customers.  Rebates and incentives can be either fixed or variable and are attributed to the category of revenue to which they pertain.
Payment network
Mastercard’s payment network involves four participants in addition to the Company: account holders (a person or entity who holds a card or uses another device enabled for payment), issuers (the account holders’ financial institutions), merchants and acquirers (the merchants’ financial institutions).  Revenue from the Company’s payment network is primarily generated by charging fees to customers (issuers, acquirers and other market participants) for providing switching and other network-related services, as well as by charging fees to customers based primarily on the gross dollar volume of activity (GDV, which includes both domestic and cross-border volume) on the cards that carry the Company’s brands.  As a payments network service provider, the Company