potential future liability under these agreements is not determinable.  Historically, payments made by the Company under these types of contractual arrangements have not been material.
Note 16.
Derivative and Hedging Instruments
The Company monitors and manages its foreign currency and interest rate exposures as part of its overall risk management program, which focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on its operating results.  A primary objective of the Company’s risk management strategies is to reduce the financial impact that may arise from volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.  The Company uses both foreign exchange derivative contracts (when the hedge costs are economically justified) and foreign currency denominated debt to manage its currency exposure.  In addition, the Company may enter into interest rate derivative contracts to manage the effects of interest rate movements on the Company’s aggregate liability portfolio, including potential future debt issuances.  The Company does not enter into derivatives for speculative purposes.
Cash Flow Hedges
The Company may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts, including forwards and options, to manage the impact of foreign currency variability on anticipated revenues and expenses, which fluctuate based on currencies other than the functional currency of the entity.  The objective of these hedging activities is to reduce the effect of movement in foreign exchange rates for a portion of revenues and expenses forecasted to occur.  As these contracts are designated as cash flow hedging instruments, gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are subsequently reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations when the underlying hedged transactions impact earnings.  The terms of these contracts are for generally less than
18
months.
In 2024, the Company entered into foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to variability in cash flows related to foreign denominated assets.  Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are subsequently reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged transactions impact earnings.  Forward points are excluded from the effectiveness assessment and are amortized to general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations over the hedge period.  The maximum term of these contracts was for approximately
7
years.
In addition, the Company may enter into interest rate derivative contracts to manage the effects of interest rate movements on the Company’s aggregate liability portfolio, including potential future debt issuances, and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a cash