also require us to obtain prior approval for changes to our system rules, procedures or operations, or could require customization with regard to such
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
25
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
changes, which could negatively impact us.  Moreover, failure to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions, civil damages or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations, as well as have an impact on our brand and reputation.
Increased activity with respect to interchange rates could have an adverse impact on our business.
Interchange rates are a significant component of the costs that merchants pay in connection with the acceptance of products associated with our payment network.  Although we do not earn revenues from interchange, interchange rates can impact the volume of transactions we see on our payment products.  If interchange rates are too high, merchants may stop accepting our products or route transactions away from our network.  If interchange rates are too low, issuers may stop promoting our products and services, eliminate or reduce loyalty rewards programs or other account holder benefits (e.g., free checking or low interest rates on balances), or charge fees to account holders (e.g., annual fees or late payment fees).
Governments and merchant groups in a number of countries have implemented or are seeking interchange rate reductions through legislation, regulation and litigation.  See “Business - Government Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 and Note 21 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 for more details.
If issuers cannot collect or we are required to reduce interchange rates, issuers may be less willing to participate in our four-party payments system.  Alternatively, they may reduce the benefits associated with our products, choose to charge higher fees to consumers to attempt to recoup a portion of the costs incurred for their services, or seek a fee reduction from us to decrease the expense of their payment programs (particularly if regulation has a disproportionate impact on us as compared to our competitors in terms of the fees we can charge).  These and other impacts could make our products less desirable to consumers, limit our ability to innovate or offer differentiated products, and/or make proprietary three-party networks or other forms of payment more attractive, ultimately reducing the volume of transactions over our network and our profitability.
We are devoting substantial resources to defending our right to establish interchange rates in regulatory proceedings, litigation and legislative activity.  The potential outcome of any of these activities could have a more positive or negative impact on us relative to our competitors.  If we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our ability to establish interchange rates, any resulting