the availability, innovation, safety and security of our network.  We achieve this goal through the following key activities:
•
Participant Onboarding.
We determine that each new customer meets the necessary prerequisites to use and contribute to our network by defining clear ecosystem roles and responsibilities for their operations
•
Operating Standards.
We define the technical, operational and financial standards that all network participants are required to uphold
•
Safety and Security.
We establish central principles, including safeguarding consumer protections and integrity, so participants feel confident to transact on the network
•
Responsible Stewardship.
We set performance standards to support ecosystem optimization and growth and use proactive monitoring designed to both ensure participant adherence to operating standards and protect the integrity of the ecosystem
•
Issue Resolution.
We operate a framework to address disputes between our network participants
Our Payment Products and Applications
Consumer Debit.
We support a range of payment products and solutions that allow our customers to provide consumers with convenient access to funds in deposit and other accounts.  Our debit and deposit access programs can be used to make purchases and to obtain cash from bank branches, at ATMs and, in some cases, at the point of sale.  Our branded debit programs consist of Mastercard (including standard, premium and affluent offerings), Maestro (our PIN-based solution that operates globally) and Cirrus (our primary global cash access solution).
Prepaid.
Prepaid accounts are a type of electronic payment that enables consumers to pay from pre-funded accounts whether or not they previously had a bank account or a credit history.  These accounts can be tailored to meet specific program, customer or consumer needs, such as paying bills, sending person-to-person payments or withdrawing cash from an ATM.  Our focus ranges from digital accounts (such as fintech and gig economy platforms) to business programs such as employee payroll, health savings accounts and solutions for small business owners.  Our prepaid programs also offer opportunities in the private and public sectors to drive financial inclusion of previously unbanked individuals through social security payments, unemployment benefits and salary cards.
Consumer Bill Payments.
Our solutions enable consumers and small businesses to pay their billers in a seamless and secure way, providing an experience that offers flexibility and benefits consumers, financial institutions and billers.  Utilizing our merchant acceptance network (which includes many billers), we offer consumers the choice of paying their bills in a convenient and secure manner using credit, debit or prepaid as well as account-based payments methods.
12
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Commercial and New Payment Flows
We offer platforms, products and applications that apply our payments capabilities to capture