•
Fostering inclusion and advancing positive social impact.
Where possible, we utilize our data sets and analytics capabilities to create innovative solutions to societal challenges, benefit society and promote inclusive financial, social, climate, health and education growth
Technology
We utilize our technology to help grow our core, diversify into new customers and geographies and build new areas for the future, while also enhancing our operational strength and enabling our employees to deliver effectively for our customers.  Our strategy to “lead through technology” includes the following key areas:
Creating value for customers around the world:
•
Standardizing and simplifying how we connect with customers to provide them with the tools to manage and expand their Mastercard relationship
•
Deploying our cloud-native technology infrastructure to adapt to evolving market conditions and further enhance speed, resiliency and scalability
Enabling our full range of products and services:
•
Enhancing payment rails and expanding them across payments and services, including providing seamless customer adoption across new services and solutions
•
Further evolving our data infrastructure and utilizing AI to unlock incremental value and ensure ongoing compliance with evolving data laws and regulations
Empowering our employees:
•
Improving the speed in which we deliver for our customers through a combination of tools and customer-centric practices
•
Attracting, developing and retaining top technology talent, as well as strengthening our employees’ technology acumen
Revenue Sources
Mastercard is a payments network service provider that generates revenue from a wide range of payments solutions we provide to our customers.  We classify our net revenues, which include the impact of rebates and incentives, from contracts with customers into two categories: (i) payment network and (ii) value-added services and solutions.
Within our payment network, revenue is primarily generated from charging fees to our customers based on GDV (which includes both domestic and cross-border volume) on the cards that carry our brands and for providing switching and other network-related services.
Within our value-added services and solutions, we generate revenue primarily related to the following:
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Revenue” in Part II, Item 7 and Note 3, Revenue for more detail about our revenue.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
19
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Intellectual Property
We own a number of valuable trademarks that are essential to our business, including Mastercard, Maestro and Cirrus, through one or more affiliates.  We also own numerous other trademarks covering various brands, programs and services offered by us to support our payment programs.  Trademark and service mark registrations are generally valid indefinitely as long as they are used and/or properly maintained.  Through license agreements with our