them.  The Company employs a multi-layered approach to help protect the global payments ecosystem in which it operates.
Mastercard is not a financial institution.  The Company does not issue cards, extend credit, determine or receive revenue from interest rates or other fees charged to account holders by issuers, or establish the rates charged by acquirers in connection with merchants’ acceptance of the Company’s products.  In most cases, account holder relationships belong to, and are managed by, the Company’s financial institution customers.
Significant Accounting Policies
Consolidation and basis of presentation
- The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Mastercard and its majority-owned and controlled entities, including any variable interest entities (“VIEs”) for which the Company is the primary beneficiary.  Investments in VIEs for which the Company is not considered the primary beneficiary are not consolidated and are accounted for as marketable, equity method or measurement alternative method investments and recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.  At December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were no significant VIEs that required consolidation and the investments were not considered material to the consolidated financial statements.  The Company consolidates acquisitions as of the date the Company has obtained a controlling financial interest.  Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2024 presentation.  The reclassification had no impact on previously reported net revenue, operating income or net income.  The Company follows accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).
Non-controlling interests represent the equity interest not owned by the Company and are recorded for consolidated entities in which the Company owns less than
100
% of the interests.  Changes in a parent’s ownership interest while the parent retains its controlling interest are accounted for as equity transactions, and upon loss of control, retained ownership interests are remeasured at fair value, with any gain or loss recognized in earnings.  For 2024, 2023 and 2022, net income/(losses) attributable to non-controlling interests were not material and, as a result, amounts are included on the consolidated statements of operations within other income (expense).
Use of estimates
- The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods.  Future events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty; accordingly, accounting estimates require the exercise of judgment.  These financial statements were prepared