customers, we authorize the use of our trademarks on a royalty-free basis in connection with our customers’ issuing and merchant acquiring businesses.  In addition, we own a number of patents and patent applications relating to payment solutions, transaction processing, smart cards, contactless, mobile, biometrics, AI, security systems, blockchain and other technologies, which are important to our business operations.  These patents expire at varying times depending on the jurisdiction and filing date.
Competition
We face a number of competitors both within and outside of the global payments industry.  We compete in all categories of payments (including paper-based payments and all forms of electronic payments) as well as in all categories in which we provide services and solutions:
•
General Purpose Payments Networks.
We compete worldwide with payments networks such as Visa, American Express, JCB, China UnionPay and Discover, among others.  These competitors tend to offer a range of card-based payment products.  Some competitors have more market share than we do in certain jurisdictions.  Some also have different business models that may provide an advantage in pricing, regulatory compliance burdens or otherwise.  Globally, financial institutions may issue both Mastercard- and Visa-branded payment products, and we compete with Visa for business on the basis of individual portfolios or programs.  In addition, a number of our customers issue American Express-, China UnionPay- and/or Discover-branded payment cards in a manner consistent with a four-party system.  We continue to face intense competitive pressure on the prices we charge our issuers and acquirers, and we seek to enter into business agreements with them through which we offer incentives and other support to issue and promote our payment products.
•
Debit and Local Networks.
We compete with ATM and point-of-sale debit networks.  In various countries, local debit brands serve as the main domestic brands, while our brands are used mostly to enable cross-border transactions (typically representing a small portion of overall transaction volume).  In addition, several governments are promoting, or considering promoting, local networks for domestic switching.  See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A for a more detailed discussion of the risks related to payments system regulation and government actions that may prevent us from competing effectively.
•
Real-time Account-based Payments Systems.
We face competition in the ACH and real-time account-based payments space from providers of infrastructure, applications and services.  As these real-time account-based propositions mature, we face a possible increase in competition for our existing domestic person-to-merchant (“P2M”) and person-to-person (“P2P”) transaction market share.  Similarly, as interlinking of these infrastructures is further explored, they could disrupt our existing cross-border P2M and P2P market share.  Also, several industry