company in the global payments industry.  Mastercard connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses and other organizations worldwide by enabling electronic payments and making those payment transactions secure, simple, smart and accessible.
Consolidation and Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Mastercard and its majority-owned and controlled entities, including any variable interest entities (“VIEs”) for which the Company is the primary beneficiary.  Investments in VIEs for which the Company is not considered the primary beneficiary are not consolidated and are accounted for as marketable, equity method or measurement alternative method investments and recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.  At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
there were no significant VIEs that required consolidation and the investments were not material to the consolidated financial statements.  The Company consolidates acquisitions as of the date the Company has obtained a controlling financial interest.  Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  The Company follows accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).
The balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2024.  The consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 and as of March 31, 2025 are unaudited, and in the opinion of management, include all normal recurring adjustments that are necessary to present fairly the results for interim periods.  The results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.
The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) requirements for Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.  Reference should be made to the Company’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional disclosures, including a summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies.
Note 2.
Acquisitions
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company did not acquire any businesses.  In 2024, the Company acquired businesses for total cash consideration of $
2.8
billion.  As of March 31, 2025, the Company was evaluating and finalizing the purchase accounting for the businesses acquired in 2024.  For the preliminary fair values of the purchase price allocations, as of the acquisition dates, refer to Note 2 (Acquisitions) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of the Company’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Note 3.
Revenue
The Company’s disaggregated net revenue by category and geographic region were as follows:
1
Americas includes the United States, Canada and Latin America.
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
11
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED