using information reasonably available as of December 31, 2024 and through the date of this Report.  The accounting estimates used in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements may change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional information is obtained and as the Company’s operating environment changes.  Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Revenue recognition
- Revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services.
71
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Revenue from the Company’s payment network is primarily generated by charging fees to customers (issuers, acquirers and other market participants) for providing switching and other network-related services, as well as by charging fees to customers based primarily on the gross dollar volume of activity (GDV, which includes both domestic and cross-border volume) on the cards that carry the Company’s brands.  Revenue is recognized in the period in which the related transactions and volume occur.  Certain volume-based revenue is determined from information reported by customers.
Revenue from the Company’s value-added services and solutions is generated through either fixed or transaction-based fees.  These services and solutions can be integrated and sold with the Company’s payment network services or can be sold on a stand-alone basis.  For those contracts that include multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates revenue to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price (“SSP”).  The SSP is the price at which the Company would sell a promised product or service separately in similar circumstances to similar customers.  Revenue from the Company’s value-added services and solutions is recognized in the period in which the related services and solutions are performed or transactions occur.  For services provided to customers where delivery involves the use of a third-party, the Company recognizes revenue on a gross basis if it acts as the principal, controlling the service to the customer, or on a net basis if it acts as the agent, arranging for the service to be provided.
Mastercard has business agreements with certain customers that provide for rebates and incentives within net revenue that could be either fixed or variable.  Fixed incentives typically represent payments to a customer directly related to entering into an agreement, which are generally capitalized and amortized over the life of the agreement on a straight-line basis.  Capitalized customer incentives are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.  Variable rebates and incentives are recorded primarily when volume- and transaction-based