policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.  The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Revenue Recognition - Rebates and Incentives
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company provides certain customers with rebates and incentives which are a portion of total net revenue of $28.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024.  The Company has business agreements with certain customers that provide for rebates and incentives within net revenue that could be either fixed or variable.  Variable rebates and incentives are recorded primarily when volume- and transaction-based revenues are recognized over the contractual term.  Variable rebates and incentives are calculated based upon estimated customer performance, such as volume thresholds, and the terms of the related business agreements.  As disclosed by management, various factors are considered in estimating customer performance, including forecasted transactions, card issuance and card conversion volumes, expected payments and historical experience with that customer.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to rebates and incentives is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing estimates related to rebates and incentives based on customer performance; and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s estimates related to customer performance, including the reasonableness of the various applicable factors considered by management in the estimate.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements.  These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to rebates and incentives, including controls over evaluating estimated customer performance.  These procedures also included, among others, evaluating the reasonableness of estimated customer performance for a sample of customer agreements, including (i) evaluating the agreements to identify whether all rebates and incentives are identified and recorded accurately; (ii) testing management’s process for developing estimated customer