cases, which will involve
six
of the larger opt-out merchants, has been scheduled for October 2025.
In 2021, the district court granted the Rules Relief Class’s motion for class certification.  In March 2024, the parties to the Rules Relief Class litigation entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the Rules Relief Class claims.  The court held a preliminary settlement approval hearing in June 2024, and subsequently issued a decision denying approval of the settlement.  The parties are in ongoing settlement discussions.  The court has not yet scheduled a trial date.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, Mastercard had accrued a liability of $
559
million and $
596
million, respectively, for the U.S. MDL Litigation Cases.  The liability as of December 31, 2024 represents Mastercard’s best estimate of its probable liabilities in these matters and does not represent an estimate of a loss, if any, if the matters were litigated to a final outcome.  Mastercard cannot estimate the potential liability if that were to occur.
Europe.
Since 2012, a number of United Kingdom (“U.K.”) merchants filed claims or threatened litigation against Mastercard seeking damages for excessive costs paid for acceptance of Mastercard credit and debit cards arising out of alleged anti-competitive conduct with respect to, among other things, Mastercard’s cross-border interchange fees and its U.K. and Ireland domestic interchange fees (the “U.K. Merchant claimants”).  In addition, Mastercard has faced similar filed or threatened litigation by merchants with respect to interchange rates in other countries in Europe (the “Pan-European Merchant claimants”).  Mastercard has resolved a substantial amount of these damages claims through settlement or judgment.  Following these settlements, approximately £
0.3
billion (approximately $
0.4
billion as of December 31, 2024) of unresolved damages claims remain.  Mastercard continues to litigate with the remaining U.K. and Pan-European Merchant claimants and it has submitted statements of defense disputing liability and damages claims.  A number of those matters are now progressing with motion practice and discovery.  A hearing involving multiple merchant cases was completed in March 2024 concerning certain liability issues with respect to merchant claims for damages related to post-Interchange Fee Regulation consumer interchange fees as well as commercial and inter-regional interchange fees.
In a separate matter, Mastercard and Visa were served with a proposed collective action complaint in the U.K. on behalf of merchants seeking damages for commercial card transactions in both the U.K. and the European Union.  In December 2023, the plaintiffs filed a revised collective action application claiming damages against Mastercard in excess of £
1
billion (approximately $
1.3
billion as of December 31, 2024).  In June 2024, the court granted the plaintiffs’ collective action application.  Mastercard’s request for permission to appeal this