those services at scale
8
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Our priorities are fundamentally interdependent and strengthen, reinforce and complement each other.
Enabling Our Success
These priorities are supported by six enablers:
People.
Our success is driven by the skills, experience, integrity and mindset of our people.  We attract, develop and retain top talent, in alignment with our strategic priorities.  Our winning culture is guided by the Mastercard Way, which outlines the behaviors we expect from employees to deliver for our customers and one another.  We foster a working environment that benefits and provides equal opportunities for all of our employees, where people have opportunities to perform purpose-driven work that advances our business objectives by delivering a positive impact on communities, customers and co-workers across the globe.
Brand.
Our brands and brand identities serve as a differentiator for our business, representing our values and enabling us to accelerate growth in new areas.
Data and AI.
We create a range of products and services for our customers using our data and artificial intelligence (“AI”) assets, technology, platforms and expertise.  We follow our Data and Tech Responsibility Principles in how we design, implement and deliver those solutions.  Our Privacy by Design, Data by Design and AI Governance processes are designed to ensure we embed multiple layers of privacy, data protection and information security controls in all our products and services, keeping a clear focus on protecting customers’ and individuals’ data and privacy.
Technology.
Our technology provides resiliency, scalability and flexibility in how we serve customers.  It unlocks broader reach to scale digital payment services to multiple channels.  Utilizing our technology standards, services and governance model, we connect financial institutions, financial technology companies (fintechs) and others, enabling interoperability and allowing consumers, businesses, governments and merchants to engage through digital channels.
Franchise.
We manage an ecosystem of stakeholders who participate in our global payments network.  Our franchise model creates and sustains a comprehensive series of value exchanges across our ecosystem.  We provide a balanced ecosystem where all participants benefit from the availability, innovation and safety and security of our network.  Our franchise model enables the scale of our network and provides a single governance structure for its operation.  This structure has the potential to be extended to new opportunities.
Doing Well by Doing Good.
Sustainable impact is fundamental to our business strategy.  We leverage our employees, technology, resources, partnerships and expertise to address social, economic and environmental challenges, while at the same time creating markets for future growth and driving long-term value for stockholders.  Our environmental, social and governance priorities are expressed