cash flows related to foreign denominated assets.  Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are subsequently reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged transactions impact earnings.  Forward points are excluded from the effectiveness assessment and are amortized to general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations over the hedge period.  The maximum term of these contracts was for approximately 7 years.
In addition, the Company may enter into interest rate derivative contracts to manage the effects of interest rate movements on the Company’s aggregate liability portfolio, including potential future debt issuances, and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a cash flow hedging relationship.  Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are subsequently reclassified as an adjustment to interest expense over the respective terms of the hedged debt issuances.
Fair Value Hedges
The Company may enter into interest rate derivative contracts, including interest rate swaps, to manage the effects of interest rate movements on the fair value of the Company's fixed-rate debt and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a fair value hedging relationship.  Changes in fair value of these contracts and changes in fair value of fixed-rate debt attributable to changes in the hedged benchmark interest rate generally offset each other and are recorded in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations.  Gains and losses related to the net settlements of interest rate swaps
are also
recorded in interest
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
104
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
expense on the consolidated statements of operations. The periodic cash settlements are included in operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
In 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge related to $
1.0
billion of the
3.850
% Senior Notes due March 2050.  In effect, the interest rate swap synthetically converts the fixed interest rate on this debt to a variable interest rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) Overnight Index Swap Rate.  The net impact to interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was not material.
Net Investment Hedges
The Company may use foreign currency denominated debt and/or foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge a portion of its net investment in foreign subsidiaries against adverse movements in exchange rates.  The effective portion of the net investment hedge is recorded as a currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  Forward points are excluded from the