exposures on an ongoing basis and establishes and oversees the implementation of policies governing our funding, investments and use of derivative financial instruments to manage these risks.
Foreign currency and interest rate exposures are managed through our risk management activities, which are discussed further in Note 16 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1.
Foreign Exchange Risk
We enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to manage currency exposure associated with anticipated receipts and disbursements occurring in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity.  We may also enter into foreign currency derivative contracts to offset possible changes in value of assets and liabilities due to foreign exchange fluctuations.  The objective of these activities is to reduce our exposure to gains and losses resulting from fluctuations of foreign currencies against our functional currencies, principally the U.S. dollar and euro.  The effect of a hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the functional currencies could result in a fair value loss of approximately $459 million and $475 million on our foreign exchange derivative contracts outstanding at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, before considering the offsetting effect of the underlying hedged activity.
We are also subject to foreign exchange risk as part of our daily settlement activities.  To manage this risk, we enter into short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts based upon anticipated receipts and disbursements for the respective currency position.  This risk is typically limited to a few days between when a payment transaction takes place and the subsequent settlement with our customers.  A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the functional currencies would not have a material impact to the fair value of our short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts outstanding at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
We are further exposed to foreign exchange rate risk related to translation of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries where the functional currency is different than our U.S. dollar reporting currency.  To manage this risk, we may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries.  As of March 31, 2025, we did not have any foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as a net investment hedge.  The effect of a hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar could result in a fair value loss of approximately $279 million on our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as a net investment hedge at December 31, 2024, before considering the offsetting effect of the underlying hedged activity.
38
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
PART I
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Interest Rate Risk
Our available-for-sale debt