of debit card acceptance services.  The ACCC seeks both declaratory relief and monetary fines and costs.  A hearing on liability issues has been scheduled for March 2025.
ATM Non-Discrimination Rule Surcharge Complaints
In 2011, a trade association of independent ATM operators and
13
independent ATM operators filed a complaint styled as a class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against both Mastercard and Visa (the “ATM Operators Class Complaint”).  Plaintiffs seek to represent a class of non-bank operators of ATM terminals that operate in the United States with the discretion to determine the price of the ATM access fee for the terminals they operate.  Plaintiffs allege that Mastercard and Visa have violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by imposing rules that require ATM operators to charge non-discriminatory ATM surcharges for transactions processed over Mastercard’s and Visa’s respective networks that are not greater than the surcharge for transactions over other networks accepted at the same ATM.  Plaintiffs seek both injunctive and monetary relief equal to treble the damages they claim to have sustained as a result of the alleged violations and their costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees.
Subsequently, multiple related complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging both federal antitrust and multiple state unfair competition, consumer protection and common law claims against Mastercard and Visa on behalf of different putative classes of users of ATM services.  The claims in these actions largely mirror the allegations made in the ATM Operators Class Complaint, although these complaints seek damages on behalf of consumers of ATM services who pay allegedly inflated ATM fees at both bank (“Bank ATM Consumer Class Complaint”) and non-bank (“Non-bank ATM Consumer Class Complaint”) ATM operators as a result of the defendants’ ATM rules.  Plaintiffs seek both injunctive and monetary relief equal to treble the damages they claim to have sustained as a result of the alleged violations and their costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees.
In 2019, the plaintiffs in all
three
class complaints filed with the district court their motions for class certification.  In 2023, the D.C. Circuit Court affirmed the district court’s previous order granting class certification.  The U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear the defendants’ appeal of the certification decision.
In May 2024, Mastercard executed a settlement agreement with the class lawyers representing the Bank ATM Consumer Class, subject to court approval.  At a hearing held in January 2025, the court indicated that it intends to provide final approval of the settlement.  During the first quarter of 2024, Mastercard recorded an accrual of $
93
million in connection with this matter.  The litigation with the ATM Operators Class and Non-bank ATM Consumer Class is ongoing.  The plaintiffs in these
two
remaining class complaints,