these customers could have a material adverse impact on our business.
Consolidation amongst our customers could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
The industries in which our customers participate have undergone substantial, accelerated consolidation in the past.  These consolidations have included customers with a substantial Mastercard portfolio being acquired by institutions with a strong relationship with a competitor.  Potential future consolidation could occur as a result of bank failures, similar to those that occurred in the U.S. in recent years.  If significant consolidation among customers were to continue, it could result in the substantial loss of business for us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects.  In addition, one or more of our customers could seek to merge with, or acquire, one of our competitors, and any such transaction could also have a material adverse impact on our overall business.  Consolidation could also produce a smaller number of large customers, which could increase their
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
33
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
bargaining power and lead to lower prices and/or more favorable terms for our customers.  These developments could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
Our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and, in many jurisdictions, their ability to effectively manage or help manage our brands.
While we work directly with many stakeholders in the payments system (including merchants, governments, fintechs and large digital companies and other technology companies), we are, and will continue to be, significantly dependent on our relationships with our issuers and acquirers and their respective relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services.  Furthermore, we depend on our issuing partners and acquirers to continue to innovate to maintain competitiveness in the market.  We do not issue cards or other payment devices, extend credit to account holders or determine the interest rates or other fees charged to account holders.  Each issuer determines these and most other competitive payment program features.  In addition, we do not establish the discount rate that merchants are charged for acceptance, which is the responsibility of our acquiring customers.  As a result, our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and the strength of our relationships with them.  In turn, our customers’ success depends on a variety of factors over which we have little or no influence, including economic conditions in global financial markets or their disintermediation by competitors or emerging technologies, as well as regulation.  If our customers become financially unstable, we may lose revenue or we may be exposed to settlement risk.