income tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations.
See Note 20 (Income Taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 for further discussion.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business and current and potential obligations.  The following table summarizes the cash, cash equivalents, investments and credit available to us at December 31:
1
Investments include available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities.  This amount excludes restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents of $2.4 billion and $1.9 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations which include litigation provisions and credit and settlement exposure.
Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions.  We guarantee the settlement of many of the transactions between our customers.  Historically, payments under these guarantees have not been significant; however, historical trends may not be indicative of potential future losses.  The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers, but may also be driven by regional or global economic and market conditions, including, but not limited to the health of the financial institutions in a country or region.  See Note 22 (Settlement and Other Risk Management) to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 for a description of these guarantees.
Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party.  For additional discussion of these and other risks facing our business, see Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors - Legal and Regulatory Risks and Note 21 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
56
PART II
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Cash Flows
The table below shows a summary of the cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities:
Net cash provided by operating activities increased $2.8 billion in 2024 versus the prior year, primarily due to higher net income after adjusting for non-cash items, an increase in billing collections, and less cash paid for litigation settlement, partially offset by a decrease in restricted security deposits received from customers.
Net cash used in