new products or services do not perform as intended.
The payments markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer and consumer needs.  In order to remain competitive and meet the needs of the payments markets, we are continually involved in developing and implementing complex multi-rail solutions and diversifying our products and services.  These efforts carry the risks associated with any diversification initiative, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems.  These projects also carry risks associated with working with different types of customers (such as corporations that are not financial institutions, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and new end users).  These differences may present new operational challenges, such as enhanced infrastructure and monitoring for less regulated customers.
Our failure to effectively design and deliver these products and services could make our other offerings less desirable to these customers, or put us at a competitive disadvantage.  In addition, if there is a delay in the implementation of our products or services (which could include compliance obligations, such as AML and CFT, and licensing requirements for applicable products and services), if our products or services do not perform as anticipated, or we are unable to otherwise adequately anticipate risks related to new types of customers, we could face additional regulatory scrutiny, fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations, as well as negatively impact our brand and reputation.
Information Security and Operational Resilience
Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses.
Information security risks for payments and technology companies such as ours have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, “hacktivists”, terrorists, nation-states, state-sponsored actors and other external parties.  These threats may derive from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, or may result from human error, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failure or other technological failure.  These threats include cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, malicious code (including ransomware), social-engineering attacks (including phishing attacks) or information security breaches and could lead to the misappropriation or loss of consumer account and other information and identity theft.  These types of threats have risen
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
31
PART I
ITEM 1A.