initiatives in areas other than those relating to customer incentives.
In the future, we may not be able to enter into agreements with our customers if they require terms that we are unable or unwilling to offer, and we may be required to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships and compete with others in the industry.  Some of our competitors are larger with greater financial resources and accordingly may be able to charge lower prices.  In addition, to the extent that we offer discounts or incentives under such agreements, we will need to further increase transaction volumes or the amount of services provided in order to benefit from such agreements and to increase revenue and profit, and we may not be successful in doing so, particularly in the current regulatory environment.  Our customers also may implement cost reduction initiatives that reduce or eliminate payment product marketing or increase requests for greater incentives or greater cost stability.  In addition to decisions made by competitors and customers, we also face pressure from pricing regulation and litigation.
Additionally, we face pricing pressure related to real-time account-based payment schemes.  These pressures impact both domestic pricing (such as the increased use of schemes that offer increasingly lower or subsidized P2M pricing) and cross-border pricing (including from both competing schemes and global initiatives to lower the cost of cross-border payments to end users).
Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
Rapid and significant technological developments and changes could negatively impact our overall business and results of operations or limit our future growth.
The payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, including new technologies and changes to existing technologies (such as cryptocurrency and blockchain, AI, machine learning, privacy enhancement and cybersecurity). These changes could result in new technologies that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our programs and services.  They may also result in new and innovative payment methods, products and services.
Additionally, there are a number of factors relating to technology change that could impact us.  These include: the inability of third parties on which we rely for the development of and access to new technologies to keep pace with technological changes; potential action from third-party patent holders, including notices or inquiries threatening litigation against us or our customers for alleged
30
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
patent infringement or demanding significant license fees; the scope of, as well as customer and merchant resistance to, industry-wide solutions and standards (such as those related to tokenization or other safety and security technologies); any difficulty we may experience in attracting and