RISK FACTORS
significantly due to a significant portion of our workforce working in a hybrid environment.  These threats also may be further enhanced in frequency or effectiveness through threat actors’ use of AI.
Our operations rely on the secure transmission, storage and other processing of confidential, proprietary, sensitive and personal information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers.  Our customers and other parties in the payments value chain, as well as account holders, rely on our digital technologies, computer systems, software and networks to conduct their operations.  In addition, to access our products and services, our customers and account holders increasingly use personal smartphones, tablet PCs and other mobile devices that may be beyond our control.  We, like other financial technology organizations, routinely are subject to cyber-threats and our technologies, systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers, have been subject to attempted cyber-attacks.  Because of our position in the payments value chain, we believe that we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks.  Geopolitical events and resulting government activity could also lead to information security threats and attacks by affected or sympathizing jurisdictions or other actors, which could put our information and assets at risk, as well as result in network disruption.
To date, we have not experienced any material impact relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches.  However, future attacks or breaches could lead to security breaches of the networks, systems (including third-party provider systems) or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, which in turn could result in the unauthorized disclosure, release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary, sensitive and personal information (including account data information) or data security compromises.  Such attacks or breaches could also cause service interruptions, malfunctions or other failures in the physical infrastructure, networks or operations systems that support our business and customers (such as the lack of availability of our services), as well as the operations of our customers or other third parties.  In addition, they could lead to damage to our reputation with our customers, other stakeholders and the broader payments ecosystem, additional costs to us (such as repairing systems, adding new personnel or protection technologies or compliance costs), regulatory penalties, financial losses to both us and our customers and partners and the loss of customers and business opportunities.  These consequences could be further pronounced in jurisdictions in which we are deemed critical national infrastructure.  If such attacks are not detected immediately, or disclosed as required by law, their effect could be