stock to Mastercard Foundation.  Mastercard Foundation is a private charitable foundation incorporated in Canada that is controlled by directors who are independent of the Company and its principal customers.  Historically, Mastercard Foundation had been restricted from selling or otherwise transferring its shares of Class A common stock prior to May 1, 2027, except to the extent necessary to satisfy its charitable disbursement requirements.  In July 2023, pursuant to an application in consultation with the Company, Mastercard Foundation received court approval to advance that date to January 1, 2024.  As a result, Mastercard Foundation is now permitted to sell all or part of its remaining shares, subject to certain conditions.  In March 2024, Mastercard Foundation began selling shares pursuant to an orderly and structured plan to diversify its Mastercard shares over a seven-year period, while committing to remain a long-term Mastercard stockholder and retaining a significant holding of Mastercard shares in its portfolio.
Common Stock Activity
The following table presents the changes in the Company’s outstanding Class A and Class B common stock:
The Company’s Board of Directors have approved share repurchase programs of its Class A Common Stock authorizing the Company to repurchase shares.
The following table summarizes the Company’s share repurchase authorizations of its Class A common stock for the years ended December 31:
As of December 31, 2024, the remaining authorization under the share repurchase programs approved by the Company’s Board of Directors was $
15.2
billion.
The Company repurchased an additional $
959
million dollar-value of shares in 2025, through February 7, 2025.  As of February 7, 2025, the remaining authorization under the share repurchase programs approved by the Company’s Board of Directors was $
14.2
billion.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
92
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 17.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The changes in the balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
1
During 2024, the increase in the accumulated other comprehensive loss related to foreign currency translation adjustments was driven primarily by the depreciation of the euro, Brazilian real, and British pound against the U.S. dollar.  During 2023, the decrease in the accumulated other comprehensive loss related to foreign currency translation adjustments was driven primarily by the appreciation of the euro and British pound against the U.S. dollar.
2
During 2024, the increase in the accumulated other comprehensive income related to the net investment hedges was driven by the depreciation of the euro and British pound against the U.S. dollar.  During 2023, the decrease in the accumulated other comprehensive income related to the net investment hedges was