mechanism to authorize transactions on behalf of the issuer based on predefined rules and risk parameters.
To deliver effective security solutions, we harness our proprietary data assets, combined with our AI, data analytics and cyber risk assessment capabilities.
At the core of our security solutions suite is a focus on delivering an exceptional payments experience.  Our solutions are designed to ensure that approvals of legitimate transactions are boosted and transactions flow more smoothly.  Our solutions are also designed so that the consumer bears no responsibility (or “zero liability”) for counterfeit or lost card losses in the event of fraud, increasing consumer confidence.  In addition, our solutions further enhance the consumer experience by providing effective dispute resolution, subscription controls and transparency through digital receipts.
Consumer Acquisition and Engagement Services
We offer solutions that drive customer acquisition, increased activation, deepened engagement, and loyalty, delivering results to customers globally.  Offerings within this area include:
•
Marketing services
,
which drive business growth and profitability through end-to-end, data- and technology-driven marketing.  We advance our customers’ growth by helping them to acquire new customers, as well as increase engagement with existing customers, through a curated set of direct marketing solutions and strategies.  We focus on business outcomes and combine our proprietary data and insights with our marketing expertise to create innovative solutions that span the entire customer lifecycle, from brand design and product adoption to customer retention and portfolio optimization.  Our end-to-end approach is built on collaboration with our customers and partners to constantly optimize marketing performance and deliver results.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
15
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
•
Personalization
services
, which leverage AI to help businesses provide personalized digital experiences for their customers.  Our personalization platform and decision engine delivers product recommendations, offers and content to consumers across digital channels.
•
Issuer and merchant loyalty
services
.
We have built a scalable rewards platform that enables issuers to provide consumers with a variety of benefits and services, such as personalized offers and rewards, access to a global airport lounge network, concierge services, insurance services, emergency card replacement, emergency cash advances and a 24-hour account holder service center.  For merchants, we provide campaigns with targeted offers and rewards, management services for publishing offers, and accelerated points programs for co-brand and rewards program members.  We also provide a loyalty platform that enables stronger relationships with retailers, restaurants, airlines and consumer packaged goods companies by creating experiences that drive loyalty and impactful consumer engagement.
Business and Market Insights
We