is expected to be recognized through 2029.  The estimated remaining performance obligations related to these revenues are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including modifications and terminations and are not expected to be material to any future annual period.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
80
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 4.
Earnings Per Share
The components of basic and diluted EPS for common shares for each of the years ended December 31 were as follows:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
1
For the years presented, the calculation of diluted EPS excluded a minimal amount of anti-dilutive share-based payment awards.
Note 5.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
The following table provides the components of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents reported on the consolidated balance sheets that total to the amounts shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31:
1
During 2024, the Company increased its Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents balance primarily as a result of cash segregated to meet regulatory commitments, as the Company is subject to systemic importance regulation in the European Union.  The increase was also attributable to restricted cash for litigation within a qualified settlement fund related to the settlement agreement for the ATM non-discrimination rule surcharge complaints.  See Note 21 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) for additional information.
Note 6.
Supplemental Cash Flows
The following table includes supplemental cash flow disclosures for each of the years ended December 31:
81
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 7.
Investments
The Company’s investments on the consolidated balance sheets include both available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities (see Investments section below).  The Company’s strategic investments in equity securities of publicly traded and privately held companies are classified within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets (see Equity Investments section below).
Investments
Investments on the consolidated balance sheets consisted of the following at December 31:
1
Held-to-maturity securities represent investments in time deposits that mature within one year. The cost of these securities approximates fair value.
Investment income on the consolidated statements of operations primarily consists of interest income generated from cash, cash equivalents, held-to-maturity and available-for-sale investment securities, as well as realized gains and losses on the Company’s  investment securities.  The realized gains and losses from the sales of available-for-sale securities for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Available-for-Sale Securities
The major classes of the