asset’s carrying value over the fair value is recognized as an impairment charge.
Long-lived assets, other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable.  If the carrying value of the asset cannot be recovered from estimated future cash flows, undiscounted and without interest, the fair value of the asset is calculated using the present value of estimated net future cash flows.  If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment is recorded.
Impairment charges, if any, are recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.
Litigation
- The Company is a party to certain legal and regulatory proceedings with respect to a variety of matters.  The Company evaluates the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome of all legal or regulatory proceedings to which it is a party and accrues a loss contingency when the loss is probable and reasonably estimable.  Loss contingencies are recorded in provision for litigation on the consolidated statements of operations.  These judgments are subjective based on the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of its defenses and consultation with in-house and external legal counsel.  Legal costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.
Settlement and other risk management
- Mastercard’s rules guarantee the settlement of many of the payment network transactions between its customers.  Settlement exposure is the outstanding settlement risk to customers under Mastercard’s rules due to the difference in timing between the payment transaction date and subsequent settlement.  For those transactions the Company guarantees, the guarantee will cover the full amount of the settlement obligation to the extent the settlement obligation is not otherwise satisfied. The duration of the settlement exposure is short-term and generally limited to a few days.
The Company also enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business under which the Company agrees to indemnify third parties against damages, losses and expenses incurred in connection with legal and other proceedings arising from relationships or transactions with the Company.  As the extent of the Company’s obligations under these agreements depends entirely upon the occurrence of future events, the Company’s potential future liability under these agreements is not determinable.
The Company accounts for each of its guarantees by recording the guarantee at its fair value at the inception or modification date through earnings.
Settlement assets/obligations
- The Company operates systems for settling payment transactions among participants in the payments ecosystem in which the Company operates.  Settlement is generally completed on a same-day basis.  In some circumstances, however, funds may