services that we may offer, the countries in which our products and services may be used, the way we structure and operate our business and the types of consumers and merchants who can obtain or accept our products or services.  Similarly, jurisdictions that regulate a particular product may consider extending their jurisdiction to other products.  For example, debit regulations could lead to regulation of credit products.  Moreover, several jurisdictions are demonstrating increased interest about the network fees we charge to our customers (in some cases as part of broader market reviews of retail payments), which could in the future lead to regulation relating to our network fees.  In several jurisdictions, we have been designated as a “systemically important payment system”, with other regulators considering similar designations.  This type of regulation and oversight is related to switching activities, and includes policies, procedures and requirements related to risk management, collateral, participant default, timely switching of financial transactions, and capital and financial resources.  Parts of our business have also been deemed as a “specified service provider” or considered “critical infrastructure”.  The impact to our business created by any new law, regulation or designation is magnified by the potential it has to be replicated in, or conflict with, other jurisdictions, or involve other products within any particular jurisdiction.
Our strategic expansion of our products and services has also created the need for us to obtain new types and increasing numbers of regulatory licenses, resulting in increased supervision and additional compliance burdens distinct from those imposed on our payment network activities.  For example, certain of our subsidiaries maintain money transfer licenses that typically impose supervisory and examination requirements, as well as capital, safeguarding, risk management and other business obligations.
Increased regulation and oversight of payments systems, as well as increased exposure to regulation resulting from changes to our products and services, have resulted and may continue to result in significant compliance and governance burdens or otherwise increase our costs.  As a result, customers could be less willing to participate in our payments system and/or use our other products or services, reduce the benefits offered in connection with the use of our products (making our products less desirable to consumers), reduce the volume of domestic and cross-border transactions or other operational metrics, disintermediate us, impact our profitability and/or limit our ability to innovate or offer differentiated products and services, all of which could materially and adversely impact our financial performance.  In addition, any regulation that is enacted related to the type and level of network fees we charge our customers could also materially and adversely impact our results of operations.  Regulators could