the present value of lease payments.  The incremental borrowing rate is determined by using the rate of interest that the Company would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis an amount equal to the lease payments for a similar term and in a similar economic environment.  Lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option.  Leases with a term of one year or less are excluded from ROU assets and liabilities.
The Company excludes variable lease payments in measuring ROU assets and lease liabilities, other than those that depend on an index, a rate or are in-substance fixed payments.  Lease and nonlease components are generally accounted for separately.  When available, consideration is allocated to the separate lease and nonlease components in a lease contract on a relative standalone price basis using observable standalone prices.
Pension and other postretirement plans
- The Company recognizes the funded status of its single-employer defined benefit pension plans and postretirement plans as assets or liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets and recognizes changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur through accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation at December 31, the measurement date.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
76
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Overfunded plans, if any, are aggregated and recorded in other assets, while underfunded plans are aggregated and recorded as accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost/(income), excluding the service cost component, is recognized in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations.  These costs include interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of prior service costs or credits and gains or losses previously recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  The service cost component is recognized in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.
Defined contribution plans
- The Company’s contributions to defined contribution plans are recorded as employees render service to the Company.  The charge is recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.
Advertising and marketing
- Expenses incurred to promote Mastercard’s brand, products and services are recognized in advertising and marketing on the consolidated statements of operations.  The timing of recognition is dependent on the type of advertising or marketing expense.
Foreign currency remeasurement and translation
- Revenue and expense transactions in currencies other than applicable functional currency of an