us for other uses, and to the extent the purchase price is paid with our stock, it could be dilutive to our stockholders.  Furthermore, we have inherited and may in the future inherit litigation risk which has or may increase our post-acquisition costs of operations and/or impact our ability to successfully finance that business.
Any acquisition, investment or entry into a new business could subject us to new regulations or legal requirements, both directly as a result of the new business as well as in the other existing parts of our business, with which we would need to comply.  This compliance could increase our costs, and we could be subject to liability or reputational harm to the extent we cannot meet any such compliance requirements.  Additionally, targets that we acquire have had, and may in the future have, data practices that do not initially conform to our privacy, data protection and information security standards and data governance model, which could lead to regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm.  These targets also have resulted in, and may in the future lead to, information security vulnerabilities for us.
Settlement and Third-Party Obligations
Our role as guarantor, as well as other contractual obligations and discretionary actions, expose us to risk of loss or illiquidity.
We are a guarantor of certain third-party obligations, including those of certain of our customers and service providers.  In this capacity, we are exposed to credit and liquidity risks.  We may incur significant losses in connection with transaction settlements if a customer fails to fund its daily settlement obligations due to technical problems, liquidity shortfalls, insolvency or other reasons.  The occurrence of bank failures, such as those seen in recent years in the U.S., could increase the potential for such losses.  Concurrent settlement failures of more than one of our larger customers or of several smaller customers either on a given day or over a condensed period of time may exceed our available resources.  In addition, as we are subject to increased regulation across the globe, jurisdictions could require us to extend our guarantee to additional obligations, which could have an impact on our cost of operations.
Certain non-guaranteed transactions, as well as chargebacks to acquirers in the event of acquirer default, could result in elevated brand risk and the potential for financial loss.
We have significant contractual indemnification obligations with certain customers, which could be triggered depending on the circumstances.
Any of the above issues or events could have a material or adverse impact to our overall business and/or results of operations.
Class A Common Stock and Governance Structure
Provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law could be considered anti-takeover provisions and have an impact on change-in-control.
Provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law