which previously was set to expire on November 8, 2028, was extended and now expires on November 7, 2029.  Borrowings under the Credit Facility are available in U.S. dollars and/or euros.  The facility fee under
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
90
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the Credit Facility is determined according to the Company’s credit rating and is payable on the average daily commitment, regardless of usage, per annum.  In addition to the facility fee, interest rates on borrowings under the Credit Facility would be based on prevailing market interest rates plus applicable margins that fluctuate based on the Company’s credit rating.  The Credit Facility contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and indemnification provisions.  The Company was in compliance in all material respects with the covenants of the Credit Facility at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program and the Credit Facility are to be used to provide liquidity for general corporate purposes, including providing liquidity in the event of one or more settlement failures by the Company’s customers.  The Company may borrow and repay amounts under the Commercial Paper Program and Credit Facility for business continuity purposes.  The Company had no borrowings under the Credit Facility or the Commercial Paper Program at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Note 16.
Stockholders' Equity
Classes of Capital Stock
Mastercard’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the following classes of capital stock:
Dividends
The Company declared a quarterly cash dividend on its Class A and Class B Common Stock during each of the four quarters of 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The total per share dividends declared during the years ended December 31 are summarized below:
Ownership and Governance Structure
Equity ownership and voting power of the Company’s shares were allocated as follows as of December 31:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
Class B Common Stock Conversions
Shares of Class B common stock are convertible on a one-for-one basis into shares of Class A common stock.  Entities eligible to hold Mastercard’s Class B common stock are defined in the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (generally the Company’s principal or affiliate customers), and they are restricted from retaining ownership of shares of Class A common stock.  Class B stockholders are required to subsequently sell or otherwise transfer any shares of Class A common stock received pursuant to such a conversion.
91
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Mastercard Foundation
In connection and simultaneously with its 2006 initial public offering (the “IPO”), the Company issued and donated
135
million newly authorized shares of Class A common