activities using our payment products or otherwise occurring over our network.
•
Under some circumstances, our use of social media, or the use of social media by others as a channel for criticism or other purposes, could also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brands by disseminating rapidly and globally actual or perceived damaging information about us, our products or merchants or other end users who utilize our products.
•
We are headquartered in the U.S.  As such, a negative perception of the U.S. could impact the perception of our company, which could adversely affect our business.
Any of the above issues could have a material and adverse effect on our overall business.
Lack of visibility of our brand in our products and services, or in the products and services of our partners who use our technology, may materially and adversely affect our business.
As more players enter the global payments ecosystem, the layers between our brand and consumers and merchants increase.  We often partner with other consumer brands on payment solutions, including large digital companies and other technology companies who are our customers and use our networks to build their own acceptance brands.  In some cases, our brand may not be featured in the payment solution or may be secondary to other brands.  Additionally, as part of our relationships with some issuers, our payment brand is only included on the back of the card.  As a result, our brand may either be invisible to consumers or may not be the primary brand with which consumers associate the payment experience.  This brand invisibility, or any consumer confusion as to our role in the consumer payment experience, could decrease the value of our brand, which could adversely affect our business.
Environmental, social and governance matters and related stakeholder reaction may impact our reputation, increase legal exposure and/or have other business impacts, which could adversely affect our overall business and/or results of operations.
Our brand and reputation are associated with the ways in which we impact environmental, social and governance matters.  These matters include initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, help everyone participate equitably in the digital economy and create a workplace that provides equal opportunities for all of our employees.  Consumers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on these impacts.  To the extent any of our disclosures, public statements and metrics about these matters are subsequently viewed as inaccurate, or we are unable to execute on these initiatives, we may be viewed negatively by stakeholders concerned about these matters.  Moreover, in recent years, we have received negative feedback from stakeholders on the adequacy of our environmental, social and governance initiatives.  We have also increasingly been receiving negative feedback from anti-environmental, social and governance stakeholders in opposition to