such initiatives.  Stakeholders from both
36
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
sides of this issue may continue to view us negatively and take public action against us to the extent that we do not satisfy their conflicting views or expectations.
In addition, various jurisdictions are increasingly adopting or considering laws, regulations and oversight expectations that have or would impact us pertaining to environmental, social and governance matters, including required corporate reporting and disclosures.  These requirements have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased compliance costs for our business and supply chain, which may increase our operating costs.
Moreover, as governments, investors and other stakeholders face pressure to address climate change and other environmental, social and governance matters, these stakeholders may express new expectations and focus investments in ways that could cause significant shifts in commerce and consumption behaviors.  The impact of and uncertainty that could result from such shifts could ultimately impact our business.
Any of the above issues could have a material or adverse impact to our overall business and/or results of operations.
Talent and Culture
We may not be able to attract and retain a highly qualified workforce, or maintain our corporate culture, which could harm our overall business and results of operations.
Our performance largely depends on the skills, capabilities and motivation of our employees (including our people leaders), as well as the environment we create for them to enable them to perform their jobs effectively.  The market for specialized skill-sets remains highly competitive, particularly in technology and other areas that are important to the growth of our business.  To the extent we are unable to differentiate our value proposition in the market, effectively develop leaders and build robust succession pipelines, it could impact our ability to deliver for our customers.  Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified employee talent could leave us vulnerable to not anticipating or identifying emerging customer or market opportunities.  In addition, escalations in global conflict and a rise in mental health needs are also impacting the well-being of our people.  To the extent we are unable to communicate effectively on these issues and provide support to our employees, we could experience a significant impact on our business, reputation and culture.  Further, changes in and enforcement of immigration and work permit laws and visa regulations have made it difficult for employees to work in, or transfer among, jurisdictions where we operate, potentially impairing our ability to attract and retain talent.  We also face increasing regulation with respect to new pay and benefits transparency requirements, which could subject us to liability or reputational harm if we do not adhere to these requirements in a