currency of the entity.  We may also enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to offset possible changes in value of assets and liabilities due to foreign exchange fluctuations.  The objective of these activities is to reduce our exposure to gains and losses resulting from fluctuations of foreign currencies against our functional currencies, principally the U.S. dollar and euro.  The effect of a hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the functional currencies could result in a fair value loss of approximately $475 million and $414 million on our foreign exchange derivative contracts outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, before considering the offsetting effect of the underlying hedged activity.
We are also subject to foreign exchange risk as part of our daily settlement activities.  To manage this risk, we enter into short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts based upon anticipated receipts and disbursements for the respective currency position.  This risk is typically limited to a few days between when a payment transaction takes place and the subsequent settlement with our customers.  A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the functional currencies would not have a material impact to the fair value of our short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
We are further exposed to foreign exchange rate risk related to translation of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries where the functional currency is different than our U.S. dollar reporting currency.  To manage this risk, we may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries.  The effect of a hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar could result in a fair value loss of approximately $279 million on our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as a net investment hedge at December 31, 2024, before considering the offsetting effect of the underlying hedged activity.  As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as a net investment hedge.
Interest Rate Risk
Our available-for-sale debt investments include fixed and variable rate securities that are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations.  Our policy is to invest in high quality securities, while providing adequate liquidity and maintaining diversification to avoid significant exposure.  A hypothetical 100 basis point adverse change in interest rates would not have a material impact to the fair value of our investments at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
We are also exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate debt.  To manage this risk, we may enter into interest rate derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our fixed-rate debt that is exposed to changes in fair value attributable to changes in a benchmark interest rate.  The effect of a hypothetical 100 basis point adverse