The expected life of stock options granted in 2025 was estimated to be
six years
, while the expected volatility was determined to be
27.4
%.  These awards expire
ten years
from the date of grant and vest ratably over
three years
.
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
19
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The fair value of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) is determined and fixed on the grant date based on the Company’s Class A common stock price, adjusted for the exclusion of dividend equivalents.  RSUs generally vest ratably over
three years
.
The Company uses the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model to determine the grant-date fair value of performance stock units (“PSUs”) granted.  PSUs vest after
three years
from the date of grant and are subject to a mandatory
one-year
deferral period, during which vested PSUs are eligible for dividend equivalents.
Compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures over the shorter of the vesting period or the date the individual becomes eligible to retire under the LTIP.  The Company uses the straight-line method of attribution over the requisite service period for expensing equity awards.
Note 13.
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rates for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were
18.6
% and
15.4
%, respectively.  The higher effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025, versus the comparable period in 2024, was primarily due to the 15% global minimum tax (“Pillar 2 Rules”) that took effect in 2025 in Singapore and various other jurisdictions.  The Pillar 2 Rules primarily offset the reduction to the Company’s effective income tax rate resulting from the Company’s incentive grant received from the Singapore Ministry of Finance.
The Company is subject to tax in the United States, Belgium, Singapore, the United Kingdom and various other foreign jurisdictions, as well as state and local jurisdictions.  Uncertain tax positions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted after considering facts and circumstances, including progress of tax audits, developments in case law and closing of statutes of limitation.  Within the next twelve months, the Company believes that the resolution of certain federal, foreign and state and local examinations is reasonably possible and that a change in estimate, reducing unrecognized tax benefits, may occur.  While such a change may be significant, it is not possible to provide a range of the potential change until the examinations progress further or the related statutes of limitation expire.  The Company has effectively settled its U.S. federal income tax obligations through 2014.  With limited exception, the Company is no longer subject to state and local or foreign examinations by tax authorities for years before 2014.
Note 14.
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
Mastercard is a party to legal and regulatory proceedings with respect to a variety of matters