Further, such occurrences have resulted in and could further result in legislative or regulatory intervention, which could lead to enhanced security requirements and liabilities.  See “Risk Factors - Privacy, Data Protection, AI and Information Security Compliance” in this Part I, Item 1A for more detail concerning related legal risks and obligations.
Despite various mitigation efforts that we undertake, there can be no assurance that we, or third parties with which we work, will not suffer material breaches and resulting losses in the future.  While we maintain insurance coverage, such coverage may not be adequate to protect us from such losses as well as any liabilities or damages with respect to claims alleging compromises of our confidential, proprietary, sensitive or personal information or our technologies, systems or networks.  In addition, we cannot be sure
32
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim.  Our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened due to, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, our prominent role in the global payments ecosystem, our continued implementation of our strategic priorities, our extensive use of third-party vendors and potential vulnerabilities from previous and future acquisitions, strategic investments or related opportunities.  As a result, we remain focused on the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our computer systems, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access.  As cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.  Any of the risks described above could materially adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
Service disruptions that cause us to be unable to process transactions or service our customers could reduce our operational resilience and materially affect our overall business and results of operations.
Our transaction switching systems and other offerings may experience interruptions as a result of technology malfunctions, supply-chain attacks, fire, floods, earthquakes, weather events, power outages, telecommunications disruptions, terrorism, workplace violence, accidents or other catastrophic events (including those related to climate change).  We have experienced in limited instances, and may continue to experience, some types of these interruptions.  Our visibility in the global payments industry may also put us at greater risk of attack by terrorists, activists, or hackers who intend to disrupt our facilities, networks and/or systems.   Inadequate infrastructure in lesser-developed markets could also