governance burdens or otherwise increase our costs.  Similarly, increased regulatory focus on our customers and other stakeholders may cause them to reduce the volume of transactions processed through our systems, or may otherwise impact the competitiveness of our products.  Actions by regulators could influence other organizations around the world to enact or consider adopting similar measures, amplifying any potential compliance burden.  Additionally, our compliance with new economic sanctions and related laws with respect to particular jurisdictions or customers could result in a loss of business, which could be significant.  Moreover, while our risk-based compliance program obligates issuers and acquirers to comply with U.S., EU and local sanctions programs (among other obligations), the failure of those issuers and acquirers to identify potential non-compliance issues either during or after their customer onboarding processes could ultimately impact our compliance with economic sanctions and related laws.  Finally, failure to comply with the laws and regulations discussed above to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties.  In particular, a violation and subsequent judgment or settlement against us, or those with whom we may be associated, under economic sanctions and AML, CFT, and anti-corruption laws could subject us to substantial monetary penalties, damages, and/or have a significant reputational impact.  Each instance may individually or collectively materially and adversely affect our financial performance and/or our overall business and results of operations, as well as have an impact on our reputation.
We could be subject to adverse changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions.
We are subject to tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local governments as well as various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Current and potential future changes in existing tax laws, including regulatory guidance, are continuously being considered and have been or may be enacted (such as guidelines issued by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) which impact how multinational enterprises are taxed on their global profits).  These changes have and in the future may continue to have an impact on our effective income tax rate and tax payments.  Similarly, changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties, or the economy generally, have impacted and may continue to impact us.
In addition, tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to varying interpretations, and any significant failure to comply with applicable tax laws and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions could give rise to substantial penalties and liabilities.  Jurisdictions around the globe have also increased tax-related audits, which require time and resources to resolve.
Any changes in enacted tax laws, rules, regulatory or judicial interpretations or