more likely than not to be sustained and, if so, how current law impacts the amount reflected within these financial statements.  If upon examination, we realize a tax benefit which is not fully sustained or is more favorably sustained, this would generally increase earnings in the period.  In certain situations, we will have offsetting tax credits or taxes in other jurisdictions.
Business Combinations
We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting.  The acquisition purchase price, including contingent consideration, if any, is allocated to the underlying identified, tangible and intangible assets, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition date.  Any excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill.  The amounts and useful lives assigned to acquisition-related tangible and intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense.  We use various valuation techniques to determine fair value, primarily discounted cash flows analysis, relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings for estimating the value of intangible assets.  These valuation techniques include comparable company multiples, discount rates, growth projections and other assumptions of future business conditions.  Determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the expected useful lives, requires management’s judgment.  The significance of management’s estimates and assumptions is relative to the size of the acquisition.  Our estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.
59
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Item 7A. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
Market risk is the potential for economic losses to be incurred on market risk sensitive instruments arising from adverse changes in factors such as foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.  Our exposure to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates is limited.  Management monitors risk exposures on an ongoing basis and establishes and oversees the implementation of policies governing our funding, investments and use of derivative financial instruments to manage these risks.
Foreign currency and interest rate exposures are managed through our risk management activities, which are discussed further in Note 23 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8.
Foreign Exchange Risk
We enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to manage currency exposure associated with anticipated receipts and disbursements occurring in a currency other than the functional