information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts.
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rates for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were 18.6% and 15.4%, respectively.  The adjusted effective income tax rates for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were 19.1% and 15.9%, respectively.  Both the as-reported and as-adjusted effective income tax rates for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were higher versus the comparable period in 2024, primarily due to the 15% global minimum tax (“Pillar 2 Rules”) that took effect in 2025 in Singapore and various other jurisdictions.  The Pillar 2 Rules primarily offset the reduction to our effective income tax rate resulting from our incentive grant received from the Singapore Ministry of Finance.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business and current and potential obligations.  The following table summarizes the cash, cash equivalents, investments and credit available to us:
1
Investments include available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities.  This amount excludes restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents and restricted security deposits held for customers at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 of $2.4 billion.
We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations, which include litigation provisions and credit and settlement exposure.
Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions.  We guarantee the settlement of many of the transactions between our customers.  Historically, payments under these guarantees have not been significant; however, historical trends may not be indicative of potential future losses.  The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers, but may also be driven by regional or global economic and market conditions, including, but not limited to the health of the financial institutions in a country or region.  See Note 15 (Settlement and Other Risk Management) to the consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 for a description of these guarantees.
Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party.  For additional discussion of these and other risks facing our business, see Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of our 2024 Form 10-K and Note 14 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements