potential effect of the underlying hedged exposure and are recorded net within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.  The impact of this foreign exchange activity, including with the related hedging activities, has not been eliminated in our currency-neutral results.
Our foreign exchange risk management activities are discussed further in Note 23 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
52
PART II
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Financial Results
Net Revenue
The components of net revenue were as follows:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
**  Not meaningful.
1
See “Non-GAAP Financial Information” for further information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts.
Net revenue increased 12%, or 13% on a currency-neutral basis, in 2024 versus the prior year. The increase in net revenue was attributable to growth in our payment network and value-added services and solutions.
Net revenue from our payment network increased 10%, or 11% on a currency-neutral basis, in 2024 versus the prior year.  The increase was primarily driven by growth in domestic and cross-border dollar volumes and an increase in the number of switched transactions, reflecting growth trends across all of our key drivers.  Net revenue from our payment network includes $17,629 million of rebates and incentives provided to customers, which increased 16%, or 18% on a currency-neutral basis, in 2024 versus the prior year, primarily due to an increase in our key drivers as well as new and renewed deals.
Net revenue from our value-added services and solutions increased 17%, on both an as-reported and currency-neutral basis, in 2024 versus the prior year.  The increase was driven primarily by (1) growth in our underlying key drivers, (2) our consumer acquisition and engagement and business and market insight services, (3) our security and digital and authentication solutions and (4) pricing.
See Note 3 (Revenue) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 for a further discussion of how we recognize revenue.
Drivers of Change
The following table summarizes the drivers of change in net revenue:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
**  Not applicable.
1
Includes the translational and transactional impact of currency and the related impact of our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments.
2
See “Non-GAAP Financial Information” for further information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts.
No individual country, other than the United States, generated more than 10% of net revenue in any such period.  A significant portion of our net revenue is concentrated among our five largest customers.  In 2024, the net revenue from these customers was approximately