issuance of Mastercard cards, Mastercard would pay
36
% of the monetary portion of such settlement.
In 2012, the parties entered into a definitive settlement agreement with respect to the U.S. MDL Litigation Cases (including with respect to the claims related to the IPO) and the defendants separately entered into a settlement agreement with the individual merchant plaintiffs.  The settlements included cash payments that were apportioned among the defendants pursuant to the omnibus judgment sharing and settlement sharing agreement described above.  Mastercard also agreed to provide class members with a short-term reduction in default credit interchange rates and to modify certain of its business practices, including its no surcharge rule.  The court granted final approval of the settlement in 2013.  Following an appeal by objectors and as a result of a reversal of the settlement approval by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the case was sent back to the district court for further proceedings.  The court divided the merchants’ claims into two separate classes - monetary damages claims (the “Damages Class”) and claims seeking changes to business practices (the “Rules Relief Class”).  The court appointed separate counsel for each class.
In 2018, the parties to the Damages Class litigation entered into a class settlement agreement to resolve the Damages Class claims, with merchants representing slightly more than
25
% of the Damages Class interchange volume choosing to opt out of the settlement.  The Damages Class settlement agreement became final in 2023.  Since 2018, Mastercard has reached settlements or agreements in principle to settle with over
250
opt-out merchants.  These opt-out merchant settlements, along with the Damages Class settlement, represent over
90
% of Mastercard’s U.S. interchange volume.
Approximately
60
individual opt-out merchants continue to litigate, seeking treble damages and attorneys’ fees and costs.  In 2024, the district court denied the defendants’ motions for summary judgment with respect to these ongoing individual opt-out merchant cases, sending the cases back to their original jurisdictions for trials.  The remaining opt-out merchants claim aggregate single damages of approximately $
10
billion with respect to their Mastercard purchase volume.  Mastercard would be responsible for
36
% of any Mastercard-related judgment pursuant to the 2011 judgment and settlement sharing agreement discussed above.  The first trial in the opt-out merchant cases, which will involve
five
of the larger opt-out merchants, has been scheduled for October 2025.
In 2021, the district court granted the Rules Relief Class’s motion for class certification.  In 2024, the parties to the Rules Relief Class litigation entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the Rules Relief Class claims, which was subsequently denied by the court.  The parties are in ongoing settlement discussions.  The court has not yet scheduled a trial