acquired in business combinations (including customer relationships and acquired technology) and other intangible assets.  Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives, on a straight-line basis, which range from
one
to
twenty years
.  Capitalized software includes internal and external costs incurred directly related to the design, development and testing phases of each capitalized software project.
The valuation methods for goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in business combinations involve assumptions concerning comparable company multiples, discount rates, growth projections and other assumptions of future business conditions.  The Company uses various valuation techniques to determine the fair value of its intangible assets, primarily discounted cash flows analysis, relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings.  As the assumptions employed to measure these assets are based on
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
72
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
management’s judgment using internal and external data, these fair value determinations are classified in Level 3 of the Valuation Hierarchy (as defined in Fair value subsection below).
Impairment of assets
- Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but tested annually for impairment at the reporting unit level in the fourth quarter, or sooner when circumstances indicate an impairment may exist.  The impairment evaluation for goodwill utilizes a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired.  The qualitative factors may include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, operating environment, financial performance and other relevant events.  If it is determined that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, then the Company is required to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test.  If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, goodwill is not impaired.  If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, goodwill is impaired and the excess of the reporting unit’s carrying value over the fair value is recognized as an impairment charge.
The impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a qualitative assessment to evaluate relevant events and circumstances that could affect the significant inputs used to determine the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets.  If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired, then a quantitative assessment is required.  If the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the carrying value, the asset is not impaired.  If the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value, the asset is impaired and the excess of the