provides its customers with continuous access to its global payments network and stands ready to provide transaction processing over the contractual term.  Consideration is variable and is recognized as revenue in the period in which volumes and transactions occur.
Value-added services and solutions
The Company generates revenues from value-added services and solutions through either fixed or transaction-based fees.  These services and solutions can be integrated and sold with the Company’s payment network services or can be sold on a stand-alone basis.  These services and solutions primarily include security solutions, consumer acquisition and engagement services, business and market insights, digital and authentication solutions, processing and gateway, ACH batch and real-time account-based payments and solutions, and open banking.  Revenue from these services and solutions is recognized in the period in which the related services and solutions are performed or transactions occur.
79
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company’s disaggregated net revenue by category and geographic region were as follows for the years ended December 31:
1
Americas includes the United States, Canada and Latin America.  Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the new presentation.
The Company’s customers are generally billed weekly, with certain billings occurring on a monthly and quarterly basis. The frequency of billing is dependent upon the nature of the performance obligation and the underlying contractual terms.  The Company does not typically offer extended payment terms to customers.
The following table sets forth the location of the amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets from contracts with customers at December 31:
1
Revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied in 2024 was $
2.8
billion.
2
During 2024, the increase in deferred revenue is primarily driven by the acquisition of Recorded Future.
The Company’s remaining performance periods for its contracts with customers for its payments network services are typically long-term in nature (generally up to
10
years).  As a payments network service provider, the Company provides its customers with continuous access to its global payments network and stands ready to provide transaction processing and related services over the contractual term.  Consideration is variable as the Company generates volume- and transaction-based revenues from charging fees on its customers’ current period activity.  The Company has elected the optional exemption to not disclose the remaining performance obligations related to its payments network services.  The Company also earns revenue from value-added services and solutions.  At December 31, 2024, the estimated aggregate consideration allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations for these services and solutions is $
1.4
billion, which