date.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, Mastercard had accrued a liability of $
679
million and $
559
million, respectively, for the U.S. MDL Litigation Cases.  The liability as of March 31, 2025 represents Mastercard’s best estimate of its probable liabilities in these matters and does not represent an estimate of a loss, if any, if the matters were litigated to a final outcome.  Mastercard cannot estimate the potential liability if that were to occur.
Europe.
Since 2012, a number of United Kingdom (“U.K.”) merchants filed claims or threatened litigation against Mastercard seeking damages for excessive costs paid for acceptance of Mastercard credit and debit cards arising out of alleged anti-competitive conduct with respect to, among other things, Mastercard’s cross-border interchange fees and its U.K. and Ireland domestic interchange fees (the “U.K. Merchant claimants”).  In addition, Mastercard has faced similar filed or threatened litigation by merchants with respect to interchange rates in other countries in Europe (the “Pan-European Merchant claimants”).  Mastercard has resolved a substantial amount of these damages claims through settlement or judgment.  Following these settlements, approximately £
0.2
billion (approximately $
0.3
billion as of March 31, 2025) of unresolved damages claims remain.  Mastercard continues to litigate with the remaining U.K. and Pan-European Merchant claimants and it has submitted statements of defense disputing liability and damages claims.  A number of those matters are now progressing with motion practice and discovery.  Hearings involving both liability and damages issues involving multiple merchant cases
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
21
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
have been completed.  The parties are awaiting decisions, after which additional hearings on liability and damages issues in those matters are expected.
In a separate matter, Mastercard and Visa were served with a proposed collective action complaint in the U.K. on behalf of merchants seeking damages for commercial card transactions in both the U.K. and the European Union.  In 2023, the plaintiffs filed a revised collective action application claiming damages against Mastercard in excess of £
1
billion (approximately $
1.3
billion as of March 31, 2025).  In June 2024, the court granted the plaintiffs’ collective action application.  Mastercard’s request for permission to appeal this ruling was denied.
In 2016, a proposed collective action was filed in the United Kingdom on behalf of U.K. consumers seeking damages for intra-European Economic Area (“EEA”) and domestic U.K. interchange fees that were allegedly passed on to consumers by merchants between 1992 and 2008.  The complaint, which seeks to leverage the European Commission’s 2007 decision on intra-EEA interchange fees, claims damages in an amount that exceeds £
10
billion (approximately $
13
billion