in the United States with the discretion to determine the price of the ATM access fee for the terminals they operate.  Plaintiffs allege that Mastercard and Visa have violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by imposing rules that require ATM operators to charge non-discriminatory ATM surcharges for transactions processed over Mastercard’s and Visa’s respective networks that are not greater than the surcharge for transactions over other networks accepted at the same ATM.  Plaintiffs seek both injunctive and monetary relief equal to treble the damages they claim to have sustained as a result of the alleged violations and their costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees.
Subsequently, multiple related complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging both federal antitrust and multiple state unfair competition, consumer protection and common law claims against Mastercard and Visa on behalf of different putative classes of users of ATM services.  The claims in these actions largely mirror the allegations made in the ATM Operators Class Complaint, although these complaints seek damages on behalf of consumers of ATM services who pay allegedly inflated ATM fees at both bank (“Bank ATM Consumer Class Complaint”) and non-bank (“Non-bank ATM Consumer Class Complaint”) ATM operators as a result of the defendants’ ATM rules.  Plaintiffs seek both injunctive and monetary relief equal to treble the damages they claim to have sustained as a result of the alleged violations and their costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees.  In 2023, the D.C. Circuit Court affirmed the district court’s previous order granting class certification to the plaintiffs in all
three
class complaints.
In 2024, Mastercard executed a settlement agreement with the class lawyers representing the Bank ATM Consumer Class, subject to court approval, and recorded an accrual of $
93
million in connection with this matter.  At a hearing held in January 2025, the court indicated that it intends to provide final approval of the settlement.  The litigation with the ATM Operators Class and Non-bank ATM Consumer Class is ongoing.  The plaintiffs in these
two
remaining class complaints, in aggregate, allege over $
1
billion in single damages against all of the defendants.
22
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
U.S. Liability Shift Litigation
In 2016, a proposed U.S. merchant class action complaint was filed in federal court in California alleging that Mastercard, Visa, American Express and Discover (the “Network Defendants”), EMVCo, and a number of issuing banks (the “Bank Defendants”) engaged in a conspiracy to shift fraud liability for card present transactions from issuing banks to merchants not yet in compliance with the standards for EMV chip cards in the United States (the “EMV Liability Shift”), in violation of the Sherman Act and California law.  Plaintiffs