compete against us as providers of loyalty and program management solutions.  We also face competition from companies that provide alternatives to our other solutions, including open banking.  Regulatory initiatives could also lead to increased competition in this space.
We play a valuable role as a trusted intermediary in a complex system, creating value for individual stakeholders and the payments ecosystem overall.  Our competitive advantages include:
Collectively, the capabilities that we have created organically, and those that we have obtained through acquisitions, support and build upon each other to enhance the total proposition we offer our customers.  They enable us to partner with many participants in the broader payments ecosystem and provide choice, security and services to improve the value we provide to our customers.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
21
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Government Regulation
As a technology company in the global payments industry, we are subject to government regulation that impacts key aspects of our business.  In particular, we are subject to the laws and regulations that affect the payments industry in the many countries in which our products and services are used.  We are committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations and implementing policies, procedures and programs designed to promote compliance.  We monitor and coordinate globally while acting locally and establish relationships to assess and manage the effects of regulation on us.  See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A for more detail and examples of the regulation to which we are subject.
22
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Preferential or Protective Government Actions.
Some governments have taken action to provide resources, preferential treatment or other protection to selected domestic payments and processing providers, as well as to create their own national providers.  For example, governments in some countries mandate switching of domestic payments either entirely in that country or by only domestic companies.  Some jurisdictions are currently considering adopting or have adopted data localization requirements, which mandate the collection, storage, and/or other processing of data within their borders.  This is the case, for instance, in India, China and Saudi Arabia.  Various forms of data localization requirements or data transfer restrictions are also under consideration in other countries and jurisdictions, including the EU.
Anti-Money Laundering, Countering the Financing of Terrorism, Economic Sanctions and Anti-Corruption.
We are subject to anti-money laundering (“AML”) and countering the financing of terrorism (“CFT”) laws and regulations globally, including the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act, as well as the various economic sanctions programs, including those imposed and administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and the European Union.  We have implemented a