adjustments”).  The Company defers the amortization of any basis adjustments until the end of the derivative instrument’s term.  If the hedge designation is discontinued for reasons other than derecognition of the hedged item, the remaining basis adjustments are amortized in accordance with applicable GAAP for the hedged item.
•
Net investment hedges - The Company has numerous investments in foreign subsidiaries.  The net assets of these subsidiaries are exposed to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.  The Company may use foreign currency denominated debt and/or derivative instruments to hedge a portion of its net investment in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates.  The effective portion of the foreign currency gains and losses related to the hedging instruments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated balance sheets as a cumulative translation adjustment component of equity.  Gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to earnings only if the Company sells or substantially liquidates its net investments in foreign subsidiaries.  Amounts excluded from effectiveness testing of net investment hedges are recognized in earnings over the life of the hedging instrument.  The Company evaluates the effectiveness of the net investment hedge each quarter.
Property, equipment and right-of-use assets
- Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  Depreciation of leasehold improvements and amortization of finance leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense on the consolidated statements of operations.  Operating lease amortization expense is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company determines if a contract is, or contains, a lease at contract inception.  The Company’s right-of-use (“ROU”) assets are primarily related to operating leases for office space, automobiles and other equipment.  Leases are included in property, equipment and right-of-use assets, other current liabilities and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.  ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term.  In addition, ROU assets include initial direct costs incurred by the lessee as well as any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, and exclude lease incentives.  As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining