Regulation of Internet and High-Risk Merchant Categories.
Various jurisdictions have enacted regulation related to internet transactions (such as laws surrounding gambling, including fantasy sports), which impacts both us and our customers.  We are also impacted by evolving laws surrounding certain legally permissible but high-risk merchant categories, such as adult content, firearms, alcohol and tobacco.
Privacy, Data Protection, AI and Information Security.
Aspects of our operations or business are subject to increasingly complex and fragmented privacy, data, AI and information security laws and regulations in the U.S., the EU and elsewhere around the world.  For example, in the U.S., we and our customers are respectively subject to, among other laws and regulations, Federal Trade Commission and federal banking agency information safeguarding requirements under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) that require, among other things, the maintenance of a written, comprehensive information security program and, increasingly, a number of state data and privacy laws.  We and our customers may also be subject to evolving U.S. federal and/or state AI laws and regulations.  With respect to information security, we are subject to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) disclosure rules that require, among other things, disclosing material cybersecurity incidents in a Current Report on Form 8-K, generally within four business days of determining an incident is material.  In the EU, we are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and its equivalent in the U.K., which requires, among other things, a comprehensive privacy, data protection and information security program to protect the personal and sensitive data of EEA residents.  Several regulators and policymakers around the globe use the GDPR as a reference to adopt new or updated privacy, data protection and information security laws and regulations, although divergences have occurred.  Laws and regulations in this area are constantly evolving due to several factors, including increasing data collection and data flows, numerous data breaches and security incidents, more sensitive data categories, and emerging technologies such as AI (which is now subject to regulation in the EU as well as other places).  In
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
23
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
addition, the interpretation and application of these privacy, data protection and information security laws and regulations are often uncertain and in a state of flux, thus requiring constant monitoring for compliance.
Sustainability Disclosures.
Various jurisdictions have adopted or are increasingly considering adopting laws, regulations and oversight expectations requiring disclosure on environmental, social and governance matters.  Regulations already adopted or being considered include required corporate reporting and disclosures on topics with respect to climate, such as the U.K. Streamlined Energy and