of Directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we repurchased 6.5 million shares for $3.4 billion at an average price of $518.22 per share of Class A common stock.  See Note 16 (Stockholders' Equity) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 for further discussion with respect to our share repurchase programs.  The following table presents our repurchase activity on a cash basis during the fourth quarter of 2024:
1
Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the share repurchase programs is as of the end of the period.  In December 2024 and 2023, our Board of Directors approved share repurchase programs of our Class A common stock authorizing us to repurchase up to $12.0 billion and $11.0 billion, respectively.
Item 6. [Reserved]
45
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Item 7. Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes of Mastercard Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Mastercard International Incorporated (together, “Mastercard” or the “Company”), included elsewhere in this Report.  Percentage changes provided throughout “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” were calculated on amounts rounded to the nearest thousand.  For discussion related to the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, please see Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023.
Business Overview
Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry.  We connect consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses and other organizations worldwide by enabling electronic payments and making those payment transactions secure, simple, smart and accessible.  We make payments easier and more efficient by providing a wide range of payment solutions and services using our family of well-known and trusted brands, including Mastercard®, Maestro® and Cirrus®.  We operate a payments network that provides choice and flexibility for consumers, merchants and our customers.  Through our unique and proprietary global payments network, we switch (authorize, clear and settle) payment transactions.  We have additional payments capabilities that include automated clearing house (“ACH”) transactions (both batch and real-time account-based payments).  Using these capabilities, we offer consumer and commercial payment products, capture new payment flows and provide services and solutions.  These services and solutions