commercial and new payment flows, enabling us to serve the needs of a significant addressable market.
Commercial
We offer commercial credit, debit and prepaid payment products and solutions that meet the payment needs of large corporations, midsize companies, small businesses and government entities at the point of sale.  Our point-of-sale solutions streamline procurement and payment processes, manage information and expenses (such as travel and entertainment) and reduce administrative costs.  Our point-of-sale offerings include:
•
Small business cards (credit, debit and prepaid) tailored to small and medium businesses
•
Commercial travel and entertainment, procurement and fleet cards, consisting mostly of credit cards and associated platforms for corporations to manage travel and expense, procurement and fleet expenses.  Our Mastercard Smart Data™ platform provides expense management and reporting capabilities.
Disbursements and Remittances
Through our Mastercard Move platform, we enable consumers, businesses, governments and merchants to send and receive money domestically and across borders to consumers with greater speed and ease, with a payout reach of more than 10 billion endpoints globally across multiple channels, and in more than 60 originating countries and 155 receiving countries:
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
13
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Benefiting and Innovating the Payments Ecosystem
•
Our Mastercard Digital First™ program enables our issuing customers to offer their cardholders a fully digital payment experience with an optional physical card, meeting cardholder expectations of immediacy, safety and convenience during card application, authentication and instant card access, securing purchases (whether contactless, in-store, in-app or online) and managing alerts, controls and benefits.
◦
Our Click to Pay checkout experience is designed to provide consumers convenience and security in a digital environment, make it easier for merchants to implement secure digital payments and provide issuers with improved fraud detection and prevention capabilities.  This experience enables a faster, more secure checkout experience across internet and mobile sites, mobile apps and connected devices.
•
Enhancing security and effectiveness of transactions.
We focus on securing transactions by replacing card numbers with secure tokens, scaling Mastercard Authentication (including enabling device-based biometrics, such as fingerprints or facial scans, through Mastercard Payment Passkey Service) and streamlining online checkout by eliminating manual entry (through Click to Pay and Secure Card on File).  We aim to improve the effectiveness of those transactions by increasing the number of transactions we switch through our differentiated services, increasing approval rates by utilizing inputs from our network and lifting spend and activation rates through personalized campaigns and data-driven strategies.
•
Creating solutions to unlock new blockchain-based