allege damages equal to the value of all chargebacks for which class members became liable as a result of the EMV Liability Shift on October 1, 2015.  The plaintiffs seek treble damages, attorney’s fees and costs and an injunction against future violations of governing law.  The district court denied the Network Defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint, but granted such a motion for EMVCo and the Bank Defendants.  In 2017, the district court transferred the case to New York so that discovery could be coordinated with the U.S. MDL Litigation Cases described above.  In 2020, the district court issued an order granting the plaintiffs’ request for class certification.  The plaintiffs have submitted expert reports that allege aggregate single damages in excess of $
1
billion against the
four
Network Defendants.  The Network Defendants submitted expert reports rebutting both liability and damages and all briefs on summary judgment have been submitted.  In September 2024, the district court denied the Network Defendants’ motion for summary judgment.
Telephone Consumer Protection Class Action
Mastercard is a defendant in a Telephone Consumer Protection Act (“TCPA”) class action pending in Florida.  The plaintiffs are individuals and businesses who allege that approximately
381,000
unsolicited faxes were sent to them advertising a Mastercard co-brand card issued by First Arkansas Bank (“FAB”).  The TCPA provides for uncapped statutory damages of $
500
per fax.  Mastercard has asserted various defenses to the claims, and has notified FAB of an indemnity claim that it has (which FAB has disputed).  In 2019, the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) issued a declaratory ruling clarifying that the TCPA does not apply to faxes sent to online fax services that are received online via email.  In 2021, the trial court granted plaintiffs’ request for class certification, but narrowed the scope of the class to stand alone fax recipients only.  Mastercard’s request to appeal that decision was denied.  Briefing on plaintiffs’ motion to amend the class definition and Mastercard’s cross-motion to decertify the stand alone fax recipient class was completed in April 2023 and the parties await the court’s decision.
U.S. Department of Justice Investigation
In 2023, Mastercard received a Civil Investigative Demand (“CID”) from the U.S. Department of Justice Antitrust Division (“DOJ”) seeking documents and information regarding a potential violation of Sections 1 or 2 of the Sherman Act.  The CID focuses on Mastercard’s U.S. debit program and competition with other payment networks and technologies.  Mastercard is cooperating with the DOJ in connection with the CID.
European Commission Investigation
In 2024, Mastercard received a formal request for information from the European Commission seeking documents and information in connection with an investigation into alleged anti-competitive behavior of certain card scheme services in the European Union/EEA.  The request