procedures as of December 31, 2024 and, based on their evaluation, have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date.
Internal Control over Financial Reporting
In addition, Mastercard Incorporated’s management assessed the effectiveness of Mastercard’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.  Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting is included in Part II, Item 8.  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued their report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in Mastercard’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Mastercard’s internal control over financial reporting.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
108
PART II
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 9B. Other information
Rule 10b5-1 and Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, certain of our officers and directors
adopted
or
terminated
trading arrangements for the sale of shares of our common stock as follows.
1
Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).
2
Not intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).
3
The Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement provides for the sale of a percentage of shares to be received upon future vesting of certain outstanding equity awards, net of any shares withheld by us to satisfy applicable taxes.  The number of shares to be withheld, and thus the exact number of shares to be sold pursuant to Mr. Miebach’s Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, can only be determined upon the occurrence of future vesting events.  For purposes of this disclosure, we have reported the maximum aggregate number of shares to be sold without subtracting any shares to be withheld upon future vesting events.
Other Information
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, we hereby incorporate by reference herein the disclosure contained in Exhibit 99.1 of this Report.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
109
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Item 10. Directors, executive officers and corporate governance
Information regarding our executive officers is included in section “Information about our executive officers” in Part I of this Report.  Additional information required by this Item will appear in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with our 2025 annual meeting of