currency gains (losses) of $(
65
) million and $
44
million, respectively, in other comprehensive income (loss).
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company had net foreign currency gains of $
254
million and $
295
million, after tax, respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with this hedging activity.
Non-designated Derivatives
The Company may also enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to serve as economic hedges, such as to offset possible changes in the value of monetary assets and liabilities due to foreign exchange fluctuations, without designating these derivative contracts as hedging instruments.  In addition, the Company is subject to foreign exchange risk as part of its daily settlement activities.  This risk is typically limited to a few days between when a payment transaction takes place and the subsequent settlement with customers.  To manage this risk, the Company may enter into short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts based upon anticipated receipts and disbursements for the respective currency position.  The objective of these activities is to reduce the Company’s exposure to volatility arising from gains and losses resulting from fluctuations of foreign currencies against its functional currencies.  Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, net, along with the foreign currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company’s derivative financial instruments and the related notional amounts:
1
Foreign exchange derivative assets and liabilities are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets, other assets and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
2
Interest rate derivative liabilities are included within other current liabilities and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
25
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The pre-tax gain (loss) related to the Company's derivative financial instruments designated as hedging instruments are as follows:
1
Includes immaterial forward points excluded from the effectiveness assessment recognized in other comprehensive income (loss).
2
Includes immaterial forward points excluded from the effectiveness assessment recognized in earnings.
The Company estimates that the pre-tax amount of the net deferred loss on cash flow hedges recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at March 31, 2025 that will be reclassified into the consolidated statements of operations within the next 12 months is not material.
The amount of gain (loss) recognized on the consolidated statements of operations for non-designated derivative contracts is summarized below:
The Company’s derivative