investments and Marketable securities for the years ended December 31:
83
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 8.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s financial instruments are carried at fair value, cost or amortized cost on the consolidated balance sheets.  The Company classifies its fair value measurements of financial instruments into a three-level hierarchy (the “Valuation Hierarchy”).
Financial Instruments - Carried at Fair Value
Financial instruments carried at fair value are categorized for fair value measurement purposes as recurring or non-recurring in nature.
Recurring Measurements
The distribution of the Company’s financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis within the Valuation Hierarchy was as follows:
1
The Company’s U.S. government securities are classified within Level 1 of the Valuation Hierarchy as the fair values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets in active markets.  The fair value of the Company’s available-for-sale non-U.S. government and agency securities, corporate and asset-backed securities are based on observable inputs such as quoted prices, benchmark yields and issuer spreads for similar assets in active markets and are therefore included in Level 2 of the Valuation Hierarchy.
2
The Company’s foreign exchange and interest rate derivative asset and liability contracts measured at fair value are based on observable inputs such as broker quotes for similar derivative instruments.  See Note 23 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) for further details.
3
The Company’s Marketable securities are publicly held and fair values are based on unadjusted quoted prices in their respective active markets.
4
The Company has a nonqualified deferred compensation plan where assets are invested primarily in mutual funds held in a rabbi trust, which is restricted for payments to participants of the plan.  The Company has elected to use the fair value option for these mutual funds, which are measured using quoted prices of identical instruments in active markets and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
5
The deferred compensation liabilities are measured at fair value based on the quoted prices of identical instruments to the investment vehicles selected by the participants.  These are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
84
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Nonrecurring Measurements
Nonmarketable Securities
The Company’s Nonmarketable securities are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition under the equity method or measurement alternative method.  Nonmarketable securities are classified within Level 3 of the Valuation Hierarchy due to the absence of quoted market prices, the