decisioning may overlap or conflict with, or diverge from, general privacy rules.  Overall, these myriad laws and regulations may require us to modify or limit our data processing practices and policies, incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses, and otherwise suffer adverse impacts on our business.  Failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations and requirements (including as a result of conflicting regulations) could result in fines, sanctions or other enforcement actions or penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and overall business, as well as have an impact on our reputation.
As a user and deployer of AI technology, we are also subject to increasing and evolving laws and regulations related to AI governance, including the EU AI Act, and new applications of existing laws and regulations to AI.  How our use and deployment of AI will be regulated is still developing as policymakers around the world consider how to regulate AI, and uncertainty remains as to how AI technology will continue to advance.  In addition, the use of AI creates or amplifies risks that are challenging to fully prevent or mitigate.  In particular, AI algorithms may generate inaccurate, unintended, unfair, biased or discriminatory outcomes (which may not be easily detectable or explainable) and may inadvertently disclose confidential information and/or breach intellectual property, privacy or other rights.  Our implementation of robust AI governance and risk management frameworks aimed at complying with emerging laws and regulations may not be sufficient protection against these emerging risks.
Further, as we acquire new companies and develop integrated and personalized products and services to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, we have expanded and may further expand our data profile through additional data types and sources, across multiple channels, and involving new partners.  This expansion has amplified and may continue to amplify the impact of these various laws and regulations on our business or subject us to new laws and regulations.  For example, our acquisition of Recorded Future, a global threat intelligence company, increases our exposure to certain laws and regulations, including global cybercrime and other laws and regulations in various jurisdictions.  As a result, we are required to constantly monitor our data practices and potentially change them when necessary or appropriate.  We also need to provide increased care in our data management, governance and quality practices, particularly as it relates to the use of data in products leveraging AI.
New requirements and rules, or changing interpretations of existing requirements in these areas, or the development of new regulatory schemes related to the digital economy in general, may also increase our costs and/or restrict our ability to leverage data or use AI for innovation.  This could impact the products and services we offer and other