interest’s share of net income (loss) or its redemption value.
Earnings per share
- The Company calculates basic earnings per share (“EPS”) by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the year.  Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for the potentially dilutive effect of stock options and unvested stock units using the treasury stock method.  The Company may be required to calculate EPS using the two-class method as a result of its redeemable non-controlling interests.  If redemption value exceeds the fair value of the redeemable non-controlling interests, the excess would be a reduction to net income for the EPS calculation.
77
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
- In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued accounting guidance to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures.  The guidance includes improvements to income tax disclosures primarily related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid.  This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted.  The Company will adopt this guidance in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
- In November 2024, the FASB issued accounting guidance to improve the disclosures of a public business entity’s expenses and address requests from investors for more detailed information about the types of expenses in commonly presented expense captions.  This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods after December 15, 2027.  The Company is in the process of evaluating when it will adopt this guidance.
Note 2.
Acquisitions
In 2024, the Company acquired businesses for total cash consideration of $
2.8
billion.  In December 2024, Mastercard acquired a
100
% equity interest in RF Ultimate Parent, Inc. (“Recorded Future”), a global threat intelligence company, for cash consideration of $
2.7
billion.  This acquisition is expected to add threat intelligence capabilities to Mastercard’s identity, fraud prevention, real-time decisioning and cybersecurity services.  The net assets acquired primarily relate to intangible assets, including goodwill of $
1.7
billion that is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition date.  None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for local tax purposes.
In 2023, the Company did not complete any material business acquisitions.
In 2022, Mastercard acquired a
100
% equity interest in Dynamic Yield LTD (“Dynamic Yield”) for cash consideration of $
325
million.  The net assets acquired primarily relate to