financial instruments are subject to both market and counterparty credit risk.  Market risk is the potential for economic losses to be incurred on market risk sensitive instruments arising from adverse changes in market factors such as foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and other related variables.  Counterparty credit risk is the risk of loss due to failure of the counterparty to perform its obligations in accordance with contractual terms.  The Company’s derivative contracts are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements, which contain various netting and setoff provisions.  However, the Company has elected to present derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis on the consolidated balance sheets.  To mitigate counterparty credit risk, the Company enters into derivative contracts with a diversified group of selected financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors.  Generally, the Company does not obtain collateral related to derivatives because of the high credit ratings of the counterparties.
26
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 17.
Segment Reporting
Mastercard has concluded it has
one
reportable operating segment, “Payment Solutions.”
The following represents the selected financial information of the Payment Solutions segment:
1
Includes fulfillment costs, occupancy costs, travel and meeting expenses and other overhead expenses.
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
27
PART I
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Item 2. Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
The following supplements management's discussion and analysis of Mastercard Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2024 as contained in the Company's 2024 Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2025.  It also should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes of Mastercard Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Mastercard International Incorporated (together, “Mastercard” or the “Company”), included elsewhere in this Report.  Percentage changes provided throughout “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” were calculated on amounts rounded to the nearest thousand.
Global Economic, Political, Financial and Societal Events and Conditions
We continue to monitor government actions and changes in policies across the globe, including those related to tariffs.  The extent to which these developments affect our business and results of operations, if at all, are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.
Financial Results Overview
The following table provides a summary of our key GAAP operating results, as reported:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
The following table provides a