stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), and is incorporated by reference into this Report.
Item 11. Executive compensation
The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Report.
Item 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters
The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Report.
Item 13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence
The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Report.
Item 14. Principal accountant fees and services
The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Report.
111
MASTERCARD 2019 FORM 10-K
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
Item 15. Exhibits and financial statement schedules
(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Report:
1
Consolidated Financial Statements
See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.
2
Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules
None.
3
The following exhibits are filed as part of this Report or, where indicated, were previously filed and are hereby incorporated by reference:
Refer to the Exhibit Index included herein.
Item 16. Form 10-K summary
None.
113
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
EXHIBIT INDEX
Exhibit index
+    Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.
*    Filed or furnished herewith.
**    Exhibit omits certain information that has been filed separately with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and has been granted confidential treatment.
The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and should not be relied upon for that purpose.  In particular, any representations and warranties made by the Company in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
114
SIGNATURES
Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
115