compounded.
In addition to information security risks for our systems and networks, we also routinely encounter account data compromise events involving merchants and third-party payment processors that process, store or transmit payment transaction data, which affect millions of Mastercard, Visa, Discover, American Express and other types of account holders.  Further events of this type may subject us to reputational damage and/or lawsuits involving payment products carrying our brands.  Damage to our reputation or brands resulting from an account data breach of our systems and networks or those of our customers, merchants and other third parties could decrease the use and acceptance of our products and services.  Such events could also slow or reverse the trend toward electronic payments.  In addition to reputational concerns, the cumulative impact of multiple account data compromise events could increase the impact of the fraud resulting from such events by, among other things, making it more difficult to identify consumers.  Moreover, while most of the lawsuits resulting from account data breaches do not involve direct claims against us and while we have releases from many issuers and acquirers, we could still face damage claims, which, if upheld, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.  While we offer security solutions that are designed to prevent, detect and respond to fraud and cyber-attacks, there can be no assurance that such security solutions will perform as expected or address all possible security threats.  Real or perceived defects, failures, errors or vulnerabilities in our security solutions could adversely impact our reputation, customer confidence in our solutions and our business and may subject us to litigation, governmental audits and investigation or other liabilities.  Such events could have a material adverse impact on our transaction volumes, results of operations and prospects for future growth, or increase our costs by leading to additional regulatory burdens being imposed on us.
In addition, companies have generally experienced in recent years an increase in fraudulent activity and cyber-attacks.  Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to capture consumer personal information to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting or other fraud and may see their effectiveness enhanced by the use of AI.  As outsourcing and specialization become common in the payments industry, there are more third parties involved in processing transactions using our payment products.  We continue to take measures to make card and digital payments more secure.  However, increased fraud levels and cyber-attacks involving our products, services and/or network, or misconduct or negligence by third parties switching or otherwise servicing our products and services could damage our reputation and reduce the use and acceptance of our products and services and/or increase our compliance costs.