hedging activities, has not been eliminated in our currency-neutral results.
Our foreign exchange risk management activities are discussed further in Note 16 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1.
Financial Results
Net Revenue
The components of net revenue were as follows:
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, net revenue increased 14%, or 17% on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2024, which included a 1 percentage point increase from acquisitions completed in 2024 (“Acquisitions”).  The remaining increase in net revenue was attributable to both our payment network and value-added services and solutions.
Net revenue from our payment network increased 13%, or 16% on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2024.  The increase was primarily driven by growth in domestic and cross-border dollar volumes and an increase in the number of switched transactions, reflecting growth trends across all of our key drivers.  Net revenue from our payment network included $4,579 million of rebates and incentives provided to customers, which increased 12%, or 15% on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2024, primarily due to an increase in our key drivers as well as new and renewed deals.
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
33
PART I
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Net revenue from our value-added services and solutions increased 16%, or 18% on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2024, which included a 4 percentage point increase from Acquisitions.  The remaining increase was driven primarily by (1) our security and digital and authentication solutions, and consumer acquisition and engagement services, (2) growth in our underlying key drivers and (3) pricing.
See Note 3 (Revenue) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our 2024 Form 10-K for a further discussion of our revenue recognition policies.
Drivers of Change
The following table summarizes the drivers of change in net revenue:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
**    Not applicable.
1
Includes the translational and transactional impact of currency and the related impact of our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments.  See “Non-GAAP Financial Information - Currency-neutral Growth Rates” for further information on our currency impact non-GAAP adjustment.
Operating Expenses
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, operating expenses increased 13% versus the comparable period in 2024.  Adjusted operating expenses increased 13%, or 14% on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2024, which included a 4 percentage point increase from Acquisitions.
The components of operating expenses were as follows:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
1
See “Non-GAAP Financial Information” for further information