comprehensive AML/CFT program, comprised of policies, procedures and internal controls, including the designation of a compliance officer, which is designed to prevent our payments network from being used to facilitate money laundering and other illicit activity and to address these legal and regulatory requirements and assist in managing money laundering and terrorist financing risks.  The economic sanctions programs administered by OFAC restrict financial transactions and other dealings with certain countries and geographies (specifically Crimea, the Donetsk People’s Republic and Luhansk People’s Republic regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria) and with persons and entities included in OFAC sanctions lists including its list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (the “SDN List”).  We take measures to prevent transactions that do not comply with OFAC and other applicable sanctions, including establishing a risk-based compliance program that has policies, procedures and controls designed to prevent us from having unlawful business dealings with prohibited countries, regions, individuals or entities.  As part of this program, we obligate issuers and acquirers to comply with their local sanctions obligations and U.S. and EU sanctions programs.  In the U.S., these obligations include requiring the screening of account holders and merchants against OFAC sanctions lists (including the SDN List).  Iran and Syria have been identified by the U.S. State Department as terrorist-sponsoring states, and we have no offices, subsidiaries or affiliated entities located in these countries and do not license entities domiciled there.  We are also subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations globally, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, which, among other things, generally prohibit giving or offering payments or anything of value for the purpose of improperly influencing a business decision or to gain an unfair business advantage.  We have implemented policies, procedures and internal controls to proactively manage corruption risk.
Issuer and Acquirer Practices Legislation and Regulation.
Our issuers and acquirers are subject to numerous regulations and investigations applicable to banks, financial institutions and other licensed entities, which can indirectly impact us.  Additionally, regulations such as the EU’s Payment Services Directive in the EEA require financial institutions to provide third-party payment processors access to consumer payment accounts, enabling them to route transactions away from Mastercard products and provide payment initiation and account information services directly to consumers who use our products.  Authorities in the EU are also revising standards relating to the authentication of transactions, which may increase the number of transactions that consumers abandon if we are unable to ensure a frictionless authentication experience under the new standards.