jurisdictions may have with respect to our business, including our decision to suspend business operations in Russia, such jurisdictions may decide to begin to or increase their focus on growing local payment networks and other solutions.
•
Regional groups of countries are considering, or may consider, efforts to restrict our switching of regional transactions.
•
Governments have been increasingly creating and expanding local payments structures, which are increasingly being considered as alternatives to traditional domestic payment solutions and schemes such as ours.
Such developments prevent us from utilizing our global switching capabilities for domestic or regional customers.  In addition, to the extent a jurisdiction determines us not to be in compliance with regulatory requirements (including those related to data localization), we have been, and may again in the future be, subject to resource and time pressures in order to come back into compliance.  Our inability to effect change in, or work with, these jurisdictions could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues and extend our global brand.
Additionally, some jurisdictions have implemented, or may implement, foreign ownership restrictions, which could potentially have the effect of forcing or inducing the transfer of our technology and proprietary information as a condition of access to their markets.  Such restrictions could adversely impact our ability to compete in these markets.
Privacy, Data Protection, AI and Information Security
Regulation and enforcement of privacy, data, AI, information security and the digital economy could increase our costs and lead to legal claims and fines, as well as negatively impact our growth and reputation.
We are subject to increasingly complex, fragmented and divergent laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection, data use and governance, AI and information security in the jurisdictions in which we do business.  While policymakers around the globe often look to the EU and the GDPR when adopting new or updated privacy and data protection laws, divergences have occurred and continue to occur.  As a result, new or updated privacy and data protection and information security laws and regulations have led, and may continue to lead, to similar, stricter or at times conflicting requirements, creating an uncertain regulatory environment.  For example, some jurisdictions have implemented or are otherwise considering requirements to collect, store and/or process data within their borders, as well as prohibitions on the transfer of data abroad, leading to technological and operational implications.  Other jurisdictions have adopted or are otherwise considering adopting sector-specific regulations for the payments industry and other industries in which we participate, including forced data sharing requirements or additional verification requirements.  In addition, laws and regulations on AI, data governance and credit