await the court’s decision.
U.S. Department of Justice Investigation
In March 2023, Mastercard received a Civil Investigative Demand (“CID”) from the U.S. Department of Justice Antitrust Division (“DOJ”) seeking documents and information regarding a potential violation of Sections 1 or 2 of the Sherman Act.  The CID focuses on Mastercard’s U.S. debit program and competition with other payment networks and technologies.  Mastercard is cooperating with the DOJ in connection with the CID.
European Commission Investigation
In August 2024, Mastercard received a formal request for information from the European Commission seeking documents and information in connection with an investigation into alleged anti-competitive behavior of certain card scheme services in the European Union/EEA.  The request focuses on Mastercard’s practices regarding network fees related to acquirers.  Mastercard is cooperating with the European Commission in connection with the request.
Note 22.
Settlement and Other Risk Management
Mastercard’s rules guarantee the settlement of many of the payment network transactions between its customers (“settlement risk”).  Settlement exposure is the settlement risk to customers under Mastercard’s rules due to the difference in timing between the payment transaction date and subsequent settlement.  For those transactions the Company guarantees, the guarantee will cover the full amount of the settlement obligation to the extent the settlement obligation is not otherwise satisfied.  The duration of the settlement exposure is short-term and generally limited to a few days.
Gross settlement exposure is estimated using the average daily payment volume during the three months prior to period end multiplied by the estimated number of days of exposure.  The Company has global risk management policies and procedures, which include risk standards, to provide a framework for managing the Company’s settlement risk and exposure.  In the event of failed settlement by a customer, Mastercard may pursue one or more remedies available under the Company’s rules to recover potential losses.  Historically, the Company has experienced a low level of losses from customer settlement failures.
As part of its policies, Mastercard requires certain customers that do not meet the Company’s risk standards to enter into risk mitigation arrangements, including cash collateral and/or forms of credit enhancement such as letters of credit and guarantees.  This requirement is based on a review of the individual risk circumstances for each customer.  Mastercard monitors its credit risk portfolio and the adequacy of its risk mitigation arrangements on a regular basis.  Additionally, the Company periodically reviews its risk management methodology and standards.  As such, the amounts of estimated settlement exposure are revised as necessary.
103
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The