payments capabilities provide consumers and businesses the ability to make instant (faster) payments while providing enhanced data and messaging capabilities.  We build, implement, enhance and operate real-time clearing and settlement infrastructure, payment platforms and direct debit systems for jurisdictions globally.  We operate real-time payments infrastructure in several countries around the world.  We also use our real-time account-based payments capabilities to enable consumers, businesses, governments and merchants to send and receive money directly from account to account.
We discuss below under “Our Payment Products and Applications” the ways in which we apply our real-time account-based payments capabilities to capture new payment flows.
Security and Franchise
Payments Ecosystem Security.
We employ a multi-layered approach to help protect the global payments ecosystem, including a robust program designed to protect our network from cyber and information security threats.  Our network and platforms incorporate multiple layers of protection, providing greater resiliency and security protection.  Our programs are assessed by third parties and incorporate benchmarking and other data from peer companies and consultants.  We engage in many efforts to mitigate information security challenges, including maintaining an information security program, an enterprise resilience program and insurance coverage, as well as regularly testing our systems to address potential vulnerabilities.  We work with experts across the organization (as well as through other sources such as public-private partnerships) to monitor and respond quickly to a range of cyber and physical threats, including threats and incidents associated with the use of services provided by third-party providers.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
11
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
As another feature of our multi-layered approach, we work with issuers, acquirers, merchants, governments and payments industry associations to develop and put in place technical standards for safe and secure transactions, and we provide solutions and products that are designed to help provide safety and security for the global payments ecosystem.  Our approach includes supporting small businesses by sharing best practices and providing access to free utilities and services, benefiting both them and the entire payments ecosystem.  We discuss specific security solutions that we offer to our customers below under “Services and Other Solutions”.
Our Franchise.
We manage an ecosystem of stakeholders that participate in our global payments network, setting standards and rules for all participants and aiming to ensure interoperability among them while balancing risk and value across all stakeholders.  Our franchise model achieves this by creating and sustaining a comprehensive series of value exchanges across our ecosystem.  Through our franchise model, we work to ensure a balanced ecosystem where all participants may benefit from