operating results are also impacted by transactional currency.  The impact of the transactional currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expense transactions occurring in a currency other than the functional currency.  Changes in currency exchange rates directly impact the calculation of GDV, which is used in the calculation of our key metrics related to domestic assessments and cross-border assessments as well as certain volume-related rebates and incentives.  GDV is calculated based on local currency spending volume converted to U.S. dollars and euros using average exchange rates for the period.  As a result, our key metrics related to domestic assessments and cross-border assessments as well as certain volume-related rebates and incentives are impacted by the strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar and euro versus local currencies.  For example, our billing in Australia is in the U.S. dollar, however, consumer spend in Australia is in the Australian dollar.  The transactional currency impact of converting Australian dollars to our U.S. dollar billing currency will have an impact on the revenue generated.  The strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar is evident when GDV growth on a U.S. dollar-converted basis is compared to GDV growth on a local currency basis.  For the three months ended March 31, 2025, GDV on a U.S. dollar-converted basis increased 6%, while GDV on a local currency basis increased 9%, versus the comparable period in 2024.  Further, the impact from transactional currency occurs in our key metrics related to transaction processing assessments and other network assessments as well as value-added services and solutions revenue and operating expenses when the transacting currency of these items is different than the functional currency of the entity.
To manage the impact of foreign currency variability on anticipated revenues and expenses, we may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a cash flow hedging relationship as discussed further in Note 16 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1.
Foreign Exchange Activity
We incur foreign currency gains and losses from remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities, including settlement assets and obligations, that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity.  To manage this foreign exchange risk, we may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge the foreign currency exposure of our nonfunctional currency monetary assets and liabilities.  The gains or losses resulting from the changes in fair value of these contracts are intended to reduce the potential effect of the underlying hedged exposure and are recorded net within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.  The impact of this foreign exchange activity, including the related