the number of transactions switched by Mastercard, which is defined as the number of transactions initiated and switched through our network during the period.
1
Data used in the calculation of GDV is provided by Mastercard customers and is subject to verification by Mastercard and partial cross-checking against information provided by Mastercard’s transaction switching systems.  All data is subject to revision and amendment by Mastercard or Mastercard’s customers.
The following tables provide a summary of the growth trends in our key drivers.
1
Excludes volume generated by Maestro and Cirrus cards.
Key Metrics related to the Payment Network
Assessments represent agreed upon standard pricing provided to our customers based on various forms of payment-related activity.  Assessments are used internally by management to monitor operating performance as it allows for comparability and provides visibility into cardholder trends.  Assessments do not represent our net revenue.
The following provides additional information on our key metrics related to the payment network:
•
Domestic assessments
are charges based on activity related to cards that carry the Company’s brands where the merchant country and the country of issuance are the same.  These assessments are primarily driven by the domestic dollar volume of activity (e.g., domestic purchase volume, domestic cash volume) or the number of cards issued.
•
Cross-border assessments
are charges based on activity related to cards that carry the Company’s brands where the merchant country and the country of issuance are different.  These assessments are primarily driven by the cross-border dollar volume of activity (e.g., cross-border purchase volume, cross-border cash volume).
•
Transaction processing assessments
are charges primarily driven by the number of switched transactions on our payment network.  Switching activities include:
◦
Authorization, the process by which a transaction is routed to the issuer for approval
◦
Clearing, the determination and exchange of financial transaction information between issuers and acquirers after a transaction has been successfully conducted at the point of interaction
◦
Settlement, which facilitates the determination and exchange of funds between parties
These assessments can also include connectivity services and network access, which are based on the volume of data transmitted and the number of authorization and settlement messages.
•
Other network assessments
are charges for licensing, implementation and other franchise fees.
51
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following table provides a summary of our key metrics related to the payment network.
Foreign Currency
Currency Impact
Our primary functional currencies are the U.S. dollar, euro, British pound and the Brazilian real.  Our overall operating results are impacted by currency translation, which represents the