to offset the costs of these incentives.  Additionally, if the rate of merchant acceptance growth slows, our business could suffer.
Our work with governments exposes us to risks that could have a material impact on our business and results of operations.
As we increase our work with national, state and local governments, both indirectly through financial institutions and with them directly as our customers, we may face various risks inherent in associating or contracting directly with governments.  These risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
•
Governmental entities typically fund projects through appropriated monies.  Changes in governmental priorities or other political developments, including disruptions in governmental operations, could impact approved funding and result in scope changes or termination of the arrangements or contracts we or financial institutions enter into with respect to our products and services.
•
Our work with governments is heavily regulated, subjecting us to additional potential exposure under U.S. and international anti-corruption laws (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act), as well as compliance with various procurement and other laws, regulations, standards and contract terms.  Any violation and subsequent judgment or settlement related to the above could subject us to substantial monetary penalties and damages and have a significant reputational impact.
34
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Moreover, as a government contractor, we are subject to a government’s right to conduct audits and investigations into both our contract performance and our compliance with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms.  Any adverse finding could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, sanctions, or suspension or disbarment.
•
Working or contracting with governments, either directly or via our financial institution customers, can subject us to heightened reputational risks, including extensive scrutiny and publicity, as well as a potential association with the policies of those governments.  Any negative publicity or negative association with a government entity, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely affect our reputation.  In addition, threat intelligence gathering services provided to governments through our acquisition of Recorded Future could negatively impact how we are viewed by other jurisdictions.
Any of the above issues could have a material or adverse impact to our overall business and/or results of operations.
Global Economic and Political Environment
Global economic, political, financial and societal events or conditions could result in a material and adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
Adverse economic trends.
Adverse economic trends in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect our financial performance.  Such impact may include, but is not limited to, the following:
•
Customers mitigating