retaining employees with technology expertise; and the need to invest resources for new technologies, which could lead to further additional expenses.  Any of these developments could impact our ability to develop and adopt new technologies, as well as improve and keep pace with current technologies and reflect such technology in our payments offerings.
Moreover, regulatory or government requirements could continue to require us to host and deliver certain products and services on-soil in certain markets.  As a result, we may need to alter our technology and delivery model, potentially resulting in additional expenses and/or other operational impacts.
Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate, develop or adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards.  If we fail to sufficiently develop and adopt new technologies, or improve and keep pace with current technologies and reflect such technology in our payments offerings, our payments offerings could be negatively impacted and/or we could be put at a competitive disadvantage.  This could impact our ability to compete with new technologies and products, as well as encourage customers that use our technology to enhance and deliver their payment-related products and services (including fintechs and technology companies) to use their own technology to compete against us.  These developments could lead to a decline in the use of our technology, products and services, which could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
Operating a real-time account-based payments network presents risks that could materially affect our business.
U.K. regulators have designated Vocalink, our real-time account-based payments network platform, to be a “specified service provider” and regulators in other countries may in the future expand their regulatory oversight of real-time account-based payments systems in similar ways.  Any prolonged service outage on this network could result in quickly escalating impacts, including potential intervention by the Bank of England and significant reputational risk to Vocalink and us.  For a discussion of related regulatory risks, see our risk factor in “Risk Factors - Payments Industry Regulation” in this Part I, Item 1A.  Furthermore, the complexity of this payment technology requires careful management to address information security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our payment network.  Operational difficulties, such as the temporary unavailability of our services or products, or information security breaches on our real-time account-based payments network could cause a loss of business for these products and services, result in potential liability for us and adversely affect our reputation.
Working with new customers and end users as we continue to expand our products and services can present operational and onboarding challenges, be costly and result in reputational damage if the