as of March 31, 2025).  In 2021, the trial court issued a decision in which it granted class certification to the plaintiffs but narrowed the scope of the class.  Since January 2023, the trial court has held hearings on various issues, including whether any causal connection existed between the levels of Mastercard’s intra-EEA interchange fees and U.K. domestic interchange fees and regarding Mastercard’s request to narrow the number of years of damages sought by the plaintiffs on statute of limitations grounds.  In February 2024, the trial court ruled in Mastercard’s favor, finding no causal connection between the levels of Mastercard’s intra-EEA interchange fees and U.K. domestic interchange fees.  In June 2024, the trial court ruled in Mastercard’s favor with respect to its request to dismiss
five years
of the plaintiffs’ damages claims on statute of limitations grounds.  The plaintiffs’ request for permission to appeal this ruling was granted.  In December 2024, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve this matter.  Mastercard recorded an accrual of £
200
million ($
259
million as of March 31, 2025) in December 2024 in connection with this settlement agreement.  During a settlement approval hearing in February 2025, the trial court orally approved the settlement.  Mastercard awaits the court’s written approval decision.
Mastercard has been named as a defendant in a proposed consumer collective action filed in Portugal on behalf of Portuguese consumers.  The complaint, which seeks to leverage the 2019 resolution of the European Commission’s investigation of Mastercard’s central acquiring rules and interregional interchange fees, claims damages of approximately €
0.4
billion (approximately $
0.4
billion as of March 31, 2025) for interchange fees that were allegedly passed on to consumers by Portuguese merchants for a period of approximately
20
years.  Mastercard has submitted a statement of defense that disputes both liability and damages.
Australia.
In 2022, the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission (“ACCC”) filed a complaint targeting certain agreements entered into by Mastercard and certain Australian merchants related to Mastercard’s debit program.  The ACCC alleges that by entering into such agreements, Mastercard engaged in conduct with the purpose of substantially lessening competition in the supply of debit card acceptance services.  The ACCC seeks both declaratory relief and monetary fines and costs.  A hearing on liability issues that was originally scheduled for March 2025 has been pushed back to April 2026.
ATM Non-Discrimination Rule Surcharge Complaints
In 2011, a trade association of independent ATM operators and
13
independent ATM operators filed a complaint styled as a class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against both Mastercard and Visa (the “ATM Operators Class Complaint”).  Plaintiffs seek to represent a class of non-bank operators of ATM terminals that operate