summary of our key non-GAAP operating results
1
, adjusted to exclude the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments, Special Items (which represent litigation judgments and settlements and certain one-time items) and the related tax impacts on our non-GAAP adjustments.  In addition, we have presented growth rates, adjusted for the impact of currency:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
1
See “Non-GAAP Financial Information” for further information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts.
28
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
PART I
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Key highlights for the three months ended March 31, 2025, versus the comparable period in 2024:
Other financial highlights for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were as follows:
•
We generated net cash flows from operations of $2.4 billion.
•
We repurchased 4.7 million shares of our common stock for $2.5 billion and paid dividends of $694 million.
•
We completed a debt offering in February 2025 for an aggregate principal amount of $1.25 billion.
Non-GAAP Financial Information
Non-GAAP financial information is defined as a numerical measure of a company’s performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different than the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”).  As described more fully below, our non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments, which includes mark-to-market fair value adjustments, impairments and gains and losses upon disposition, as well as the related tax impacts.  Our non-GAAP financial measures also exclude the impact of special items, where applicable, which represent litigation judgments and settlements and certain one-time items, as well as the related tax impacts (“Special Items”).  We also present growth rates adjusted for the impact of currency, which is a non-GAAP financial measure.  We believe that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of our operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods.  We use non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation, among other things.  We excluded these items because management evaluates the underlying operations and performance of the Company separately from these recurring and nonrecurring items.  Operating expenses, operating margin, other income (expense), effective income tax rate, net income and diluted earnings per share, each as adjusted for the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments, Special Items and/or the impact of currency, should not be relied upon as substitutes for measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.