Company’s available-for-sale investment securities and their respective amortized cost basis and fair values at December 31 were as follows:
The Company’s government and agency securities include U.S. government bonds, U.S. government sponsored agency bonds and foreign government bonds that are denominated in the national currency of the issuing country. Corporate securities held at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and asset-backed securities held at December 31, 2024, primarily carried a credit rating of A- or better.  Corporate securities are comprised of commercial paper and corporate bonds.  The gross unrealized gains and losses on the available-for-sale securities are primarily driven by changes in interest rates.  For the available-for-sale securities in gross unrealized loss positions, the Company (1) does not intend to sell the securities, (2) more likely than not, will not be required to sell the securities before recovery of the unrealized losses and (3) expects that the contractual principal and interest will be received.  Unrealized gains and losses are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated statements of changes in equity.
The maturity distribution based on the contractual terms of the Company’s available-for-sale investment securities at December 31, 2024 was as follows:
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
82
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Equity Investments
Included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets are equity investments with readily determinable fair values (“Marketable securities”) and equity investments without readily determinable fair values (“Nonmarketable securities”).  Marketable securities are equity interests in publicly traded companies and are measured using unadjusted quoted prices in their respective active markets.  Nonmarketable securities that do not qualify for equity method accounting are measured at cost, less any impairment and adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investments of the same issuer (“Measurement alternative”).
The following table is a summary of the activity related to the Company’s equity investments:
1
Recorded in gains (losses) on equity investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations.
2
Includes reclasses between Marketable and Nonmarketable securities as well as translational impact of currency.
The following table sets forth the components of the Company’s Nonmarketable securities at December 31:
The following table summarizes the total carrying value of the Company’s Measurement alternative investments, including cumulative unrealized gains and losses through December 31:
1
Includes immaterial translational impact of currency.
The following table summarizes the unrealized gains and losses included in the carrying value of the Company’s Measurement alternative