performance is not consistent with our estimates of their performance, net revenue may be materially different.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
58
PART II
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Loss Contingencies
We are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings.  We regularly review the status of each significant matter and assess its potential financial exposure.  If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss.  Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable.  Our judgments are subjective based on the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel.  Because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time.  As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates.  Due to the inherent uncertainties of the legal and regulatory process in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, our judgments may be materially different than the actual outcomes.
Income Taxes
In calculating our effective income tax rate, estimates are required regarding the timing and amount of taxable and deductible items which will adjust the pretax income earned in various tax jurisdictions.  Through our interpretation of local tax regulations, adjustments to pretax income for income earned in various tax jurisdictions are reflected within various tax filings.  Although we believe that our estimates and judgments discussed herein are reasonable, actual results may be materially different than the estimated amounts.
We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.  Significant judgment is required in determining the valuation allowance.  In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all sources of taxable income, including projected future taxable income, reversing taxable temporary differences and ongoing tax planning strategies.  If it is determined that we are able to realize deferred tax assets in excess of the net carrying value or to the extent we are unable to realize a deferred tax asset, we would adjust the valuation allowance in the period in which such a determination is made, with a corresponding increase or decrease to earnings.
We record tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, which may not be sustained or may only be partially sustained, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities.  We consider all relevant facts and current authorities in the tax law in assessing whether any benefit resulting from an uncertain tax position is