Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies).
Mastercard’s Chief Executive Officer has been identified as the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”).  The CODM assesses performance for the Payment Solutions segment and decides how to allocate resources, including whether to reinvest profits into the Payment Solutions segment or into other business activities such as for acquisitions, to pay dividends or for share repurchases, based on net income as reported on the consolidated statements of operations (“Consolidated Net Income”).  The CODM uses
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
106
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Net Income and other measures for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation.
The following represents the selected financial information regularly reviewed by the CODM to assess performance of the Payment Solutions segment for the years ended December 31:
1
Includes fulfillment costs, occupancy costs, travel and meeting expenses, and other overhead expenses.
Revenue by geographic market is based on the location of the Company’s customer that issued the card, the location of the merchant acquirer where the card is being used or the location of the customer receiving services.  Revenue generated in the U.S. was approximately
30
% of net revenue in 2024,
30
% in 2023 and
33
% in 2022.  No individual country, other than the U.S., generated more than 10% of net revenue in those periods.  Mastercard did not have any individual customer that generated greater than 10% of net revenue in 2024, 2023 or 2022.
The following table reflects the geographical location of the Company’s property, equipment and right-of-use assets, net, as of December 31:
107
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Item 9. Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure
Not applicable.
Item 9A. Controls and procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.  The President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, with assistance from other members of management, have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and