guidance; any adverse outcome in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction; or any changes in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could materially and adversely impact our effective income tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations.
28
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Litigation
Liabilities or business limitations resulting from litigation could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
We are a defendant in a number of civil litigations and regulatory proceedings and investigations, including among others, those alleging violations of competition and antitrust law and those involving intellectual property claims (as described in Note 21 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8).  In the event we are found liable in any material litigations or proceedings (particularly in a large class-action lawsuit or on the basis of an antitrust claim entitling the plaintiff to treble damages or under which we were jointly and severally liable), we could be subject to significant damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
Certain limitations have been placed on our business because of litigation and litigation settlements, such as changes to our no-surcharge rule in the U.S. and Canada.  Any future limitations resulting from the outcomes of any litigation or regulatory proceeding, including any changes to our rules or business practices, could impact our relationships with our customers, including reducing the volume of business that we do with them, which may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
Business and Operations
Competition and Technology
Substantial and intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
The global payments industry is highly competitive.  Our payment programs compete against competitors both within and outside of the global payments industry and compete in all payment categories, including paper-based payments and all forms of electronic payments.  We compete against general purpose payments networks, debit and local networks, ACH and real-time account-based payments systems, digital wallets and other fintechs (focused on online activity across various channels and processing payments using in-house capabilities), digital public infrastructure and other government-backed solutions and digital currencies.  We also face competition from companies that provide alternatives to our services and other solutions.
Our traditional competitors may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, may offer a wider range of programs, services, and payment capabilities than we offer or may use more effective advertising and marketing strategies to achieve broader brand