contractual terms of the Company’s available-for-sale investment securities at March 31, 2025 was as follows:
Equity Investments
Included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets are equity investments with readily determinable fair values (“Marketable securities”) and equity investments without readily determinable fair values (“Nonmarketable securities”).  Marketable securities are equity interests in publicly traded companies and are measured using unadjusted quoted prices in their respective active markets.  Nonmarketable securities that do not qualify for equity method accounting are measured at cost, less any impairment and adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investments of the same issuer (“Measurement alternative”).
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
13
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table is a summary of the activity related to the Company’s equity investments:
1
Recorded in gains (losses) on equity investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations.
2
Includes reclasses between Marketable and Nonmarketable securities as well as immaterial translational impact of currency.
The following table sets forth the components of the Company’s Nonmarketable securities:
The following table summarizes the total carrying value of the Company’s Measurement alternative investments, including cumulative unrealized gains and losses through March 31, 2025:
1
Includes immaterial translational impact of currency.
The following table summarizes the unrealized gains and losses included in the carrying value of the Company’s Measurement alternative investments and Marketable securities:
Note 6.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s financial instruments are carried at fair value, cost or amortized cost on the consolidated balance sheets.  The Company classifies its fair value measurements of financial instruments into a three-level hierarchy (the “Valuation Hierarchy”).
Financial Instruments - Carried at Fair Value
Financial instruments carried at fair value are categorized for fair value measurement purposes as recurring or non-recurring in nature.
14
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Recurring Measurements
The distribution of the Company’s financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis within the Valuation Hierarchy was as follows:
1
The Company’s U.S. government securities are classified within Level 1 of the Valuation Hierarchy as the fair values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets in active markets.  The fair value of the Company’s available-for-sale non-U.S. government and agency securities, corporate securities and asset-backed securities are based on observable inputs such as quoted prices, benchmark yields and issuer