rate derivative contracts are included in Level 2 of the Valuation Hierarchy as the fair value of the contracts are based on inputs that are observable based on broker quotes for the same or similar instruments.  The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes.  For derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments, realized and unrealized gains and losses from the change in fair value of the derivatives are recognized in current earnings.
The Company’s derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments are required to meet established accounting criteria.  In addition, an effectiveness assessment is required to demonstrate that the derivative is expected to be highly effective at offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows of the underlying exposure both at inception of the hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis.  The method of assessing hedge effectiveness and measuring hedge results is formally documented at hedge inception and assessed at least quarterly throughout the designated hedge period.
75
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company may designate derivative instruments as cash flow, fair value and net investment hedges, as follows:
•
Cash flow hedges - Fair value adjustments to derivative instruments are recorded, net of tax, in other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.  Any gains and losses deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are subsequently reclassified to the corresponding line item on the consolidated statements of operations when the underlying hedged transactions impact earnings.  For hedges that are no longer deemed highly effective, hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively, and any gains and losses remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to earnings when the underlying forecasted transaction occurs.  Any amounts excluded from effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges are recognized in earnings over the life of the hedging instrument. If it is probable that the forecasted transaction will no longer occur, the associated gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to the corresponding line item on the consolidated statements of operations in current earnings.
•
Fair value hedges - Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are recorded in current-period earnings, along with the gain or loss on the hedged asset or liability (“hedged item”) that is attributable to the hedged risk.  All amounts recognized in earnings are recorded to the corresponding line item on the consolidated statements of operations as the earnings effect of the hedged item.  Hedged items are measured on the consolidated balance sheets at their carrying amount adjusted for any changes in fair value attributable to the hedged risk (“basis