Carbon Reporting, the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“EU CSRD”), and, to the extent they become effective, SEC rules related to climate change.  Other adopted or potential regulations focus on social topics, including human rights, such as the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive, the treatment of employees and diversity of workforce, such as in the EU CSRD.
Additional Regulatory Developments.
Various regulatory agencies also continue to examine a wide variety of issues that could impact us, including evolving laws and guidance surrounding buy-now-pay-later, open banking, credit reporting, digital currencies, marijuana, prepaid payroll cards, identity theft, account management guidelines, disclosure rules, marketing and operational resilience.
Additional Information
Mastercard Incorporated was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in May 2001.  We conduct our business principally through our principal operating subsidiary, Mastercard International Incorporated, a Delaware non-stock (or membership) corporation that was formed in November 1966.  For more information about our capital structure, including our Class A common stock (our voting stock) and Class B common stock (our non-voting stock), see Note 16 (Stockholders' Equity) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8.
Website and SEC Reports
Our internet address is www.mastercard.com.  From time to time, we may use our corporate website as a channel of distribution of material company information.  Financial and other material information is routinely posted and accessible on the investor relations section of our corporate website.  You can also visit “Investor Alerts” in the investor relations section to enroll your email address to automatically receive email alerts and other information about Mastercard.
Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available for review, without charge, on the investor relations section of our corporate website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC.  The information contained on our corporate website, including, but not limited to, our Environmental, Social and Governance Report and our U.S. Consolidated EEO-1 Report, is not incorporated by reference into this Report.  Our filings are also available electronically from the SEC at www.sec.gov.
24
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Item 1A. Risk factors
Legal and Regulatory
Payments Industry Regulation
Global regulatory and legislative activity related to the payments industry may have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
Central banks and similar regulatory bodies have increasingly established or further expanded their authority over certain aspects of payments systems such as ours, including obligations or restrictions with respect to the types of products and