FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company’s customers are generally billed weekly, with certain billings occurring on a monthly and quarterly basis.  The frequency of billing is dependent upon the nature of the performance obligation and the underlying contractual terms.  The Company does not typically offer extended payment terms to customers.
The following table sets forth the location of the amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets from contracts with customers:
1
Revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied during the three months ended March 31, 2025 was $
651
million
.
Note 4.
Earnings Per Share
The components of basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) for common shares were as follows:
Note: Table may not sum due to rounding.
1
For the periods presented, the calculation of diluted EPS excluded a minimal amount of anti-dilutive share-based payment awards.
12
MASTERCARD MARCH 31, 2025 FORM 10-Q
PART I
ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 5.
Investments
The Company’s investments on the consolidated balance sheets include both available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities (see Investments section below).  The Company’s strategic investments in equity securities of publicly traded and privately held companies are classified within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets (see Equity Investments section below).
Investments
Investments on the consolidated balance sheets consisted of the following:
1
Held-to-maturity securities represent investments in time deposits that mature within one year.  The cost of these securities approximates fair value.
Investment income on the consolidated statements of operations primarily consists of interest income generated from cash, cash equivalents, held-to maturity and available-for-sale investment securities, as well as realized gains and losses on the Company’s investment securities.  The realized gains and losses from the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were not material.
Available-for-Sale Securities
The major classes of the Company’s available-for-sale investment securities and their respective amortized cost basis and fair values were as follows:
The Company’s government and agency securities include U.S. government bonds, U.S. government sponsored agency bonds and foreign government bonds that are denominated in the national currency of the issuing country.  Corporate and asset-backed securities held at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 primarily carried a credit rating of A- or better.  Corporate securities are comprised of commercial paper and corporate bonds.  The gross unrealized gains and losses on the available-for-sale securities are primarily driven by changes in interest rates and are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss).
The maturity distribution based on the