The following table summarizes the Company’s Option activity for the year ended December 31, 2024:
As of December 31, 2024, there was $
16
million o
f total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested Options.  The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period o
f
1.6
years.
Restricted Stock Units
For RSUs granted on or after March 1, 2022, the awards generally vest ratably over
three years
.  For RSUs granted on or after March 1, 2020 but before March 1, 2022, the awards generally vest ratably over
four years
.  A participant’s unvested awards are forfeited upon termination of employment; however, in the event of termination due to job elimination (as defined by the Company), a participant will retain a pro-rata portion of the unvested awards for services performed through the date of termination.  In the event a participant terminates employment due to disability or retirement more than
seven months
after receiving the award, the participant retains all of their awards without providing additional service to the Company.  Compensation expense is recognized over the shorter of the vesting periods stated in the LTIP or the date the individual becomes eligible to retire but not less than
seven months
.
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
94
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table summarizes the Company’s RSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2024:
The fair value of each RSU is the closing stock price on the New York Stock Exchange of the Company’s Class A common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for the exclusion of dividend equivalents.  Upon vesting, a portion of the RSU award may be withheld to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding taxes.  The remaining RSUs will be settled in shares of the Company’s Class A common stock after the vesting period.  As of December 31, 2024, there was $
378
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs.  The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.8
years.
Performance Stock Units
PSUs vest after
three years
and are subject to a mandatory one-year post-vest hold, during which they are eligible for dividend equivalents.  A participant’s unvested awards are forfeited upon termination of employment; however, in the event of termination due to job elimination (as defined by the Company), a participant will retain a pro-rata portion of the unvested awards for services performed through the date of termination.  In the event a participant terminates employment due to disability or retirement more than
seven months
after receiving the award, the participant retains all of their awards without providing additional service to the Company.
The following table summarizes the Company’s PSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2024:
Since 2013, PSUs containing performance and market conditions have been issued.  Performance measures used to determine