Mastercard, Mastercard would pay
12
% of the monetary portion of the settlement.  In the event of a settlement involving only Mastercard and the financial institutions with respect to their issuance of Mastercard cards, Mastercard would pay
36
% of the monetary portion of such settlement.
In 2012, the parties entered into a definitive settlement agreement with respect to the U.S. MDL Litigation Cases (including with respect to the claims related to the IPO) and the defendants separately entered into a settlement agreement with the individual
MASTERCARD 2024 FORM 10-K
100
PART II
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
merchant plaintiffs.  The settlements included cash payments that were apportioned among the defendants pursuant to the omnibus judgment sharing and settlement sharing agreement described above.  Mastercard also agreed to provide class members with a short-term reduction in default credit interchange rates and to modify certain of its business practices, including its no surcharge rule.  The court granted final approval of the settlement in 2013.  Following an appeal by objectors and as a result of a reversal of the settlement approval by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the case was sent back to the district court for further proceedings.  The court divided the merchants’ claims into two separate classes - monetary damages claims (the “Damages Class”) and claims seeking changes to business practices (the “Rules Relief Class”).  The court appointed separate counsel for each class.
In 2018, the parties to the Damages Class litigation entered into a class settlement agreement to resolve the Damages Class claims, with merchants representing slightly more than
25
% of the Damages Class interchange volume choosing to opt out of the settlement.  The Damages Class settlement agreement became final in August 2023.  Since 2018, Mastercard has reached settlements or agreements in principle to settle with over
250
opt-out merchants.  These opt-out merchant settlements, along with the Damages Class settlement, represent over
90
% of Mastercard’s U.S. interchange volume.
Approximately
65
individual opt-out merchants continue to litigate, seeking treble damages and attorneys’ fees and costs.  During the first quarter of 2024, the district court denied the defendants’ motions for summary judgment with respect to these ongoing individual opt-out merchant cases, sending the cases back to their original jurisdictions for trials.  In October 2024, the remaining opt-out merchants submitted expert reports on liability and damages issues.  The aggregate single damages claimed by these merchants total approximately $
12
billion with respect to their Mastercard purchase volume.  Mastercard would be responsible for
36
% of any Mastercard-related judgment pursuant to the December 2011 judgment and settlement sharing agreement discussed above.  The first trial in the opt-out merchant