franchisees do not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with our required standards, our brand’s image and reputation could be harmed, which in turn could hurt our business and operating results.
Our ownership mix also affects our results and financial condition. The decision to own restaurants or to operate under franchise or license agreements is driven by many factors whose interrelationship is complex. The benefits of our more heavily franchised structure depend on various factors, including whether we have effectively selected franchisees, licensees and/or affiliates that meet our rigorous
30
Table of Contents
standards, whether we are able to successfully integrate them into our structure and whether their performance and the resulting ownership mix supports our brand and financial objectives.
Continued challenges with respect to labor, including availability and cost, could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
Our success depends in part on our System’s ability to effectively attract, recruit, develop, motivate and retain qualified individuals to work in McDonald’s restaurants and to maintain appropriately-staffed restaurants in an intensely competitive labor market. We and our franchisees have experienced and may continue to experience challenges in adequately staffing certain McDonald’s restaurants, which can negatively impact operations, including speed of service to customers, and customer satisfaction levels. The System’s ability to meet its labor needs as they evolve is generally subject to a variety of factors, including the availability of sufficient workforce, unemployment levels and prevailing wages in the markets in which we operate.
Further, our System has experienced increased costs and competition associated with attracting, recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining qualified employees, as well as with promoting awareness of the opportunities of working at McDonald’s restaurants. We and our franchisees also continue to be impacted by increasingly complex U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting our respective workforces.  These laws and regulations are increasingly focused on, and in certain cases impose requirements with respect to, employment matters such as wages and hours, healthcare, immigration, retirement and other employee benefits and workplace practices. Such laws and regulations can expose us and our franchisees to increased costs and other effects of compliance, including potential liability, and all such labor and compliance costs could have a negative impact on our Company-owned and operated margins and franchisee profitability.
Our potential exposure to reputational and other harm regarding our workplace practices or conditions or those of our independent franchisees or suppliers, including those giving rise to claims of harassment or discrimination (or perceptions thereof) or workplace safety, could have a negative impact on consumer perceptions of us