modernize ways of working,
Accelerating the Organization
, both of which are aimed at elevating the Company’s performance.
Accelerating the Organization
is designed to unlock further growth as the Company focuses on becoming faster, more innovative and more efficient for its customers and people.
The Company incurred $
221
million of restructuring charges related to
Accelerating the Organization
for the year ended December 31, 2024, which brings total restructuring charges to $
471
million since the initiative commenced. These restructuring charges were recorded in the
Other operating (income) expense
, net line within the Consolidated Statement of Income. For the current year, restructuring charges primarily consisted of professional services costs. There were no significant non-cash impairment charges included in the amounts listed in the table below.
The following table summarizes the balance of accrued expenses related to this strategic initiative (in millions):
Of the $
221
million of restructuring charges incurred for the year ended December 31, 2024, $
218
million was recorded in the International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate segment, the majority of which was recorded at Corporate, $
2
million was recorded in the International Operated Markets segment and $
1
million was recorded in the U.S.
Substantially all of the accrued restructuring balance recorded at December 31, 2024, related to the Company’s
Accelerating the Organization
initiative, is expected to be paid out over the next twelve months.
The Company continues to evolve its ways of working by driving efficiency and effectiveness across the organization, primarily led by its GBS organization. Transformation efforts under
Accelerating the Organization
will continue to result in various restructuring charges as the strategy progresses through its anticipated completion during 2027. The Company currently expects to incur approximately $
300
million of restructuring charges in 2025, primarily related to professional services costs.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
57
The Company has various investments accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company records its proportionate share of the net income or loss of each equity method investee, with a corresponding change to the carrying value of the investment. The carrying value of the investment is also adjusted for any dividends received and the effect of foreign exchange. The Company records its proportionate share of net income or loss within the Other operating (income) expense, net line on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The carrying value of the investments are recorded within the Investments in and advances to affiliates line on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has elected to record dividends received from its equity method investments under the nature of distribution approach, which provides for the recording of such distributions within the cash