leases real estate primarily in connection with its restaurant business. The Company identifies and develops sites that offer convenience to customers and long-term sales and profit potential to the System. To assess potential, the Company analyzes traffic and walking patterns, census data and other relevant data. The Company’s experience and access to advanced technology aid in evaluating this information. The Company generally owns or secures a long-term lease on the land and building for conventional franchised and Company-owned and operated restaurant sites, which facilitates long-term occupancy rights and helps control related costs. Restaurant profitability for both the Company and franchisees is important; therefore, ongoing efforts are made to control average development costs through construction and design efficiencies, standardization and by leveraging the Company’s global sourcing network.
In addition, the Company primarily leases real estate in connection with its corporate headquarters, field and other offices.
Additional information about the Company’s properties is included in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section beginning on page
7
of this Form 10-K
and in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data section beginning on page
39
of this Form 10-K.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
37
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following are the executive officers of the Company as of the date of this filing:
Jonathan Banner
, 57, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Impact Officer, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Banner served as Executive Vice President, Communications for PepsiCo, Inc., a food and beverage company, from May 2014 to August 2022.
Ian Borden
, 56, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Financial Officer, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Borden served as President, International, from January 2020 to August 2022, and as President – International Developmental Licensed Markets from January 2019 to December 2019. Mr. Borden has served the Company for 30 years.
Tiffanie Boyd
, 52, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief People Officer, a position she has held since August 2024. Prior to that, Ms. Boyd served as US Chief People Officer from January 2021 to August 2024. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Boyd served as Vice President – Human Resources, North America Retail from July 2019 to December 2020 and Vice President – Human Resources, Supply Chain from September 2013 to July 2019 for General Mills, a consumer foods manufacturer.
Joseph Erlinger
, 51, is Executive Vice President – President, McDonald's USA, a position he has held since November 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Erlinger served as President – International Operated Markets from January 2019 to October 2019. Mr. Erlinger has served the Company for 22 years.
Lauren Elting
, 43, is Vice President –