affiliate markets in the McDonald’s system, including equity method investments in China and Japan. Corporate activities are also reported in this segment. The segment is
99
% franchised as of December 31, 2024.
In April 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of Dynamic Yield. Prior to this date, financial performance relating to Dynamic Yield is reflected within the International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate segment.
The Company's chief operating decision makers are the President and CEO and the Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"). Segment performance and resource allocation are evaluated based on one measure of a segment's profit or loss, operating income.
All intercompany revenues and expenses are eliminated in computing revenues and operating income. Corporate general and administrative expenses consist of corporate office support costs in areas such as facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, legal, marketing, restaurant operations, supply chain and training. Corporate assets include corporate cash and equivalents, financial instruments and office facilities.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
52
*Other segment items is the difference between revenues less the significant expenses disclosed and operating income. This includes other restaurant expenses and other operating expenses detailed in the Other operating (income) expense, net footnote on page
56
of this Form 10-K.
**Total depreciation & amortization is included within the respective expense lines disclosed above, such as Company-operated restaurant expenses, Franchised restaurants-occupancy expenses, and Selling, general & administrative expenses.
Total long-lived assets, primarily property and equipment and the Company's Lease right-of-use asset, were (in billions)–Consolidated: 2024–$
39.6
; 2023–$
39.5
; U.S. based: 2024–$
20.2
; 2023–$
19.9
.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
53
Net property and equipment consisted of:
Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was $
1.5
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. The increase in Net property and equipment was primarily driven by higher capital expenditures as a result of the Company's Restaurant Development growth pillar under its
Accelerating the Arches
strategy.
Conventional franchise arrangements generally include a lease and a license and provide for payment of initial fees, as well as continuing rent and royalties to the Company based upon a percent of sales with minimum rent payments. Minimum rent payments are based on the Company's underlying investment in owned sites and parallel the Company’s underlying leases and escalations on properties that are leased. Under the franchise arrangement, franchisees are granted the right to operate a restaurant using the McDonald’s System and, in most cases, the use of a restaurant facility, generally for a period of
20
years. At the end of the
20
-year