currently being reviewed will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.
▪
Gains on sales of restaurant businesses
The Company’s purchases and sales of businesses with its franchisees are aimed at maintaining an optimal ownership mix in each market. Resulting gains or losses on sales of restaurant businesses are recorded in operating income because these transactions are a recurring part of the Company's business.
▪
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates
Unconsolidated affiliates and partnerships are businesses in which the Company actively participates but does not control. The Company records equity in (earnings) losses from these entities representing McDonald’s share of results for markets primarily in the International Developmental Licensed Markets segment, as well as in the International Operated Markets segment. For foreign affiliated markets—primarily China and Japan—results are reported net of interest expense and income taxes.
▪
Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net
Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net consists of gains or losses on excess property and other asset dispositions, provisions for restaurant closings, reserves for bad debts, asset write-offs due to restaurant reinvestment, sale of properties, and other miscellaneous income and expenses.
▪
Impairment and other charges (gains), net
Impairment and other charges (gains), net includes losses that result from the write down of goodwill and long-lived assets from their carrying value to their fair value, charges associated with strategic initiatives, such as refranchising and restructuring activities, as well as realized gains/losses from the divestiture of ownership percentages of subsidiaries. In 2024 this category reflected $
221
million of pre-tax restructuring charges primarily related to
Accelerating the Organization
and net pre-tax charges of $
70
million primarily consisting of property sale gains, transaction costs and non-cash impairment charges associated with the sale of McDonald's business in South Korea and transaction costs associated with the acquisition of McDonald's business in Israel. In 2023 this category included $
290
million of pre-tax charges related to the Company's
Accelerating the Arches
growth strategy, including restructuring charges associated with
Accelerating the Organization,
and $
72
million of pre-tax charges related to the write-off of impaired software no longer in use. In 2022 this category included $
1.3
billion of pre-tax charges related to the sale of the Company's business in Russia and a pre-tax gain of $
271
million related to the Company's sale of its Dynamic Yield business.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
56
In January 2023, the Company announced an evolution of its successful
Accelerating the Arches
strategy. Enhancements to the strategy included the addition of Restaurant Development to the Company’s growth pillars and an internal effort to