prioritize risks, including cybersecurity risk, in the context of our strategy, with further escalation to our CEO, Board and/or Committees, as appropriate. Effective management of cybersecurity risks is critical to the successful execution of our business strategy.
Risk Management and Strategy
The CISO reports to the CIO. McDonald’s CIO and CISO are responsible for assessing and implementing our cybersecurity risk management programs, which are informed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework. These leaders and their teams have significant relevant experience in various fields, such as incident response, application security, data security, network security and identity and access management, and have implemented and executed security programs across multiple industries at Fortune 100 companies. Our programs are designed to create a comprehensive, cross-functional approach to identify, assess, manage and mitigate cybersecurity risks as well as to mitigate cybersecurity incidents to support business continuity and achieve operational resiliency.
The CISO leads the Global Cybersecurity organization, which is responsible for executing the Company’s Global Cybersecurity Program and initiatives. This global program is responsible for identifying technology and cybersecurity risks and for implementing and maintaining controls to manage cybersecurity threats. These controls are designed to mitigate, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents to help safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of McDonald’s infrastructure, resources and information.
McDonald’s Global Cybersecurity Program includes the following functions:
•
Cybersecurity Services, which is responsible for deploying and operating the frontline security controls that are designed to protect and defend McDonald’s against cyber-attacks. Cybersecurity teams are focused on specific areas of a layered defense, including Network Security, Endpoint Protection, Identity and Access Management, Data Protection, and others, to ensure that these controls are integrated into critical systems and processes throughout the McDonald’s environment and operating effectively.
•
Cyber Defense, which is responsible for implementing and maintaining controls designed to detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents against McDonald’s and includes a dedicated function for incident response and regular monitoring for cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities, including those among McDonald’s third-party suppliers. The Company has established and regularly tested incident response processes and controls that identify and risk-rank incidents through a centralized system to promote timely escalation of cybersecurity incidents that exceed a particular level of risk, including escalation of incidents of sufficient magnitude or severity to the CIO and CISO.
•
Cyber Governance, Risk & Compliance, which is responsible for operationalizing technology risk and