competition, consumer and demographic trends and our restructuring activities. If our estimates or underlying assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges. Any such changes could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results for the affected periods.
If we fail to comply with privacy and data protection laws, we could be subject to legal proceedings and penalties, which could negatively affect our financial results or brand perceptions.
We are subject to legal and compliance risks and associated liability related to privacy and data protection requirements, including those associated with our technology-related services and platforms made available to business partners, customers, employees, franchisees or other third parties. An increasing number of our markets have enacted new privacy and data protection requirements (including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and various U.S. state-level laws), and further requirements are likely to be proposed or enacted in the future. Failure to comply with these privacy and data protection laws could result in legal proceedings and substantial administrative fines, criminal or civil penalties or civil liabilities and materially adversely impact our financial results or brand perceptions.
MACROECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS
Unfavorable general economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results.
Our results of operations are substantially affected by economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, which can vary significantly by market and can impact consumer disposable income levels and spending habits. Economic conditions can be impacted by a variety of factors, including hostilities, epidemics, pandemics and actions taken by governments to manage national and international economic matters, whether through austerity, stimulus measures or trade measures, and initiatives intended to control wages, unemployment, credit availability, inflation, taxation and other economic drivers. Sustained adverse economic conditions or periodic adverse changes in economic conditions put pressure on our operating performance and business continuity disruption planning, and our business and financial results may suffer as a result.
Our results of operations are also affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and unfavorable currency fluctuations could adversely affect reported earnings.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
32
Health epidemics or pandemics could adversely affect our business and financial results.
Health epidemics or pandemics have in the past and may in the future impact macroeconomic conditions, consumer behavior, labor availability and supply chain management, as well as local operations in impacted markets, all of which can adversely affect our business, financial results and outlook. Governmental responses to health epidemics or pandemics, including operational restrictions and temporary