restaurant unit growth, targeting 50,000 global units by 2027 with a run rate of about 1,000 gross restaurant openings across the U.S. and International Operated Markets segments in 2027; and
•
Free cash flow conversion rate targeted to be in the 90% range, with the conversion percentage likely below this target during a period of heightened investments.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
11
CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RESULTS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes beginning on page
39
of this Form 10-K. This section generally discusses 2024 and 2023 items and the year-to-year comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Discussions of 2022 items and the year-to-year comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are not included in their entirety in this Form 10-K and can be found in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024.
In the first quarter of 2024, the Company changed its rounding presentation to the nearest whole number in millions of reported amounts, except per share data or as otherwise designated. The change in rounding presentation has been applied to all prior year amounts presented. In certain circumstances, this change adjusted previously reported balances, however, these changes were not significant, and no other changes were made to previously reported financial information. Additionally, certain columns and rows in financial tables within management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated from the underlying whole-dollar amounts for all periods presented.
Impact of the War in the Middle East
The Company’s Systemwide sales and revenue have continued to be negatively impacted by the war in the Middle East, primarily in the International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate segment, where the majority of restaurants are under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement. The Company is monitoring the evolving situation, which it expects to continue to have a negative impact on Systemwide sales and revenue until the war concludes and the macroeconomic conditions recover. The Company generally does not invest any restaurant capital under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement, and it receives a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally receives initial fees upon the opening of a new restaurant or grant of a new license.
n/m Not meaningful
IMPACT OF FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
The impact of foreign currency translation on consolidated operating results in 2024 primarily reflected the weakening of most major currencies against the U.S. Dollar, partly offset by the strengthening of the British Pound.
While changes in