healing when children need healthcare. In 2024, the Company delivered against its five-year, $100 million commitment to RMHC.
McDonald's creates opportunities that encourage Company employees, franchisees and their employees, suppliers, and customers to get involved in philanthropic and volunteering opportunities.
PURPOSE & IMPACT
The Company prioritizes the environmental, social and governance issues that are of the highest importance to its stakeholders and where it believes the business can have the greatest impact to create long-term, sustainable value.  The Company’s Impact Strategy is centered around four Impact Areas: Our Planet; Food Quality & Sourcing; Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment; and Community Connection. Within these Impact Areas, the Company has established certain strategies, goals, policies and performance indicators. The Company periodically reports progress on the “Purpose & Impact” section of its website.
The Company monitors the evolving environmental landscape to further understand potential risks and opportunities for the business in collaboration with expert partners. The Company believes taking action on environmental matters will drive long-term business value by ensuring that it is managing operational costs in its energy supply, improving the security of its raw material supply, stewarding the environment in its surrounding communities and reducing its exposure to increasing environmental risks, regulation and costs.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
5
SUPPLY CHAIN, FOOD SAFETY AND QUALITY
The Company and its franchisees purchase food, packaging, equipment, and other goods from numerous independent suppliers. The Company has established and enforces high food safety and quality standards. The quality management systems and processes involve ongoing product reviews, supplier visits and third-party verifications with performance expectations. The Company requires periodic third-party food safety audits of suppliers to verify compliance with its food safety and quality standards. The audits help ensure that suppliers are meeting McDonald’s Supplier Quality Management System (SQMS) standards. In addition, the Company promotes the consistency of its core menu by regular sensory evaluations and calibration trainings. A digital transformation project is underway to promote data excellence and continuous measures on quality and food safety performance. A Food Safety Advisory Council, comprised of the Company’s internal food safety experts as well as suppliers and outside experts, supports the Company’s food safety risk management work and provides strategic global leadership for all aspects of food safety and quality. The Company also has ongoing programs to elevate food safety culture throughout the business by educating employees about food safety practices, including proper storage, handling and preparation of food for customers, and conducting trainings for its suppliers and restaurant operators to share best