competitive conditions. Existing or future pricing strategies and marketing plans, as well as the value proposition they represent, are expected to continue to be important components of our business strategy. However, they may not be successful, or may not be as successful as the efforts of our competitors, which could negatively impact sales, guest counts and market share.
Additionally, we operate in a complex and costly advertising environment. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be successful in reaching consumers in the way we intend. Our success depends in part on whether the allocation of our advertising and marketing resources across different channels, including digital, allows us to reach consumers effectively, efficiently and in ways that are meaningful to them. If our advertising and marketing programs are not successful, or are not as successful as those of our competitors, our sales, guest counts and market share could decrease.
Our investments to transform and enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected results.
Our long-term business objectives depend on the successful Systemwide execution of our strategies. We continue to build upon our investments in restaurant development, technology, digital engagement and delivery in order to transform and enhance the customer experience. As part of these investments, we are continuing to place emphasis on improving our service model and strengthening relationships with customers, in part through digital channels and loyalty initiatives, mobile ordering and payment systems, and enhancing our drive thru technologies, which efforts may not generate expected results. We also continue to expand and refine our delivery initiatives, including through integrating delivery and mobile ordering. Utilizing a third-party delivery service may not have the same level of profitability as a non-delivery transaction and may introduce additional food quality, food safety and customer satisfaction risks. If these customer experience initiatives are not successfully executed, or if we do not fully realize the intended benefits of these significant investments, our business results may suffer.
We face intense competition in our markets, which could hurt our business.
We compete primarily in the IEO segment, which is highly competitive. We also face sustained, intense competition from traditional, fast casual and other competitors, which may include many non-traditional market participants such as convenience stores, grocery stores, coffee shops and online retailers. We expect our environment to continue to be highly competitive and our results in any particular reporting period may be impacted by a contracting IEO segment or by new or continuing actions, product offerings, technologies or consolidation of our competitors and third-party partners, which may have short- and long-term impacts on our results.
We compete primarily on the basis of product