see a significant opportunity with beverages, such as coffee, demonstrated by markets leveraging the McCafé brand, customer experience, value and quality to drive long-term growth.
•
D
ouble Down on the 4D's: Digital, Delivery, Drive Thru and Restaurant Development
by continuing to leverage competitive strengths and building a powerful digital experience growth engine to deliver a personalized and convenient customer experience. As another way to unlock further growth, the Company plans to continue to accelerate the pace of restaurant openings and technology innovation so that whenever and however customers choose to interact with McDonald’s, they can enjoy a fast, easy experience that meets their needs.
◦
Digital:
The Company’s digital experience is transforming how customers order, pay and receive their food. Through digital tools, customers can access personalized offers, participate in a loyalty program, order through our mobile app and receive McDonald's food through the channel of their choice. In the U.S., we are providing increased convenience to customers through “Ready on Arrival”; a digital enhancement that enables crew to begin assembling a customer’s mobile order prior to arrival at the restaurant to expedite service and elevate customer satisfaction. The Company plans to deploy this initiative in its top six markets by the end of 2025. The Company has successful loyalty programs in 60 markets, including its top six markets. McDonald’s loyalty customers have proven to be highly engaged, and the Company plans to increase its 90-day active users to 250 million by the end of 2027. Further, the Company plans to grow its annual Systemwide sales to loyalty members to $45.0 billion by the end of 2027.
◦
Delivery:
The Company offers delivery from over 38,000 restaurants across approximately 100 markets, representing nearly 90% of McDonald's restaurants. The Company is continuing to build on and enhance the delivery experience for customers, including adding the ability to place a delivery order in our mobile app (a feature that is currently available in five of the Company’s top markets). The Company continues to scale this capability and expects to increase the percentage of Systemwide delivery sales originating from our mobile app to 30% by the end of 2027. The Company also has long-term strategic partnerships with delivery providers that continue to benefit the Company, customers and franchisees by optimizing operational efficiencies and creating a seamless customer experience.
◦
Drive Thru:
The Company has the most drive thru locations worldwide, with nearly 28,000 drive thru locations globally, including over 95% of the over 13,500 locations in the U.S. This channel remains a competitive advantage in meeting customers’ demand for flexibility and choice. McDonald’s network currently provides unmatched scale and convenience for customers, while also offering significant growth opportunities, such as adding additional drive thru lanes to