jurisdiction, trademarks and service marks generally are valid as long as they are used and/or registered. The Company's patents, copyrights and licenses are of varying durations.
COMPETITION
McDonald’s restaurants compete with international, national, regional and local retailers of traditional, fast casual and other food service competitors. The Company measures its competitive position within the informal eating out ("IEO") segment, which is inclusive of the Company's primary competition of quick-service restaurants, but also includes 100% home delivery/takeaway providers, convenience stores, street stalls or kiosks, cafés, specialist coffee shops, self-service cafeterias and juice/smoothie bars. The Company competes among quick-service restaurants primarily on the basis of price, convenience, service, experience, menu variety and product quality.
GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS
The Company has global operations and is therefore subject to the laws of the United States and many foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. As discussed under “Legal Proceedings – Government Regulations” on page
37
of this Form 10-K, governments have adopted laws and regulations involving various aspects of the restaurant business, including, but not limited to, advertising, franchising, health, safety, environment, competition, zoning, employment and taxation.
While costs associated with legal and regulatory compliance have increased along with the number and scope of laws and regulations affecting our business, these costs are not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
6
MANAGEM
ENT'S VIEW OF THE BU
SINESS
In analyzing business trends, management reviews results on a constant currency basis and considers a variety of performance and financial measures, some of which are considered to be non-GAAP, including comparable sales and guest count growth, Systemwide sales growth, after-tax return on invested capital from continuing operations, free cash flow and free cash flow conversion rate, as described below. Management believes these measures are important in understanding the financial performance of the Company.
•
Constant currency
results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation and are calculated by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates. Management reviews and analyzes business results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, impairment and other charges and gains, as well as material regulatory and other income tax impacts, and bases incentive compensation plans on these results because the Company believes this better represents underlying business trends.
•
Comparable sales and comparable guest counts
are compared to the same period in the prior year and represent sales and transactions, respectively, at all