change in comparable sales for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
22
Table of Contents
Systemwide Sales and Franchised Sales
The following table presents the percent change in Systemwide sales for the three months ended March 31, 2025:
*Unlike comparable sales, the Company has not excluded sales from hyperinflationary markets from Systemwide sales as these sales are the basis on which the Company calculates and records revenues.
Franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the Company, but are the basis on which the Company calculates and records franchised revenues and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. The following table presents Franchised sales and the related increases/(decreases) for the three months ended
March 31, 2025 and 2024:
23
Table of Contents
Restaurant Margins
Franchised restaurant margins are measured as revenues from franchised restaurants less franchised restaurant occupancy costs. Franchised restaurant occupancy costs include lease expense and depreciation, as the Company generally owns or secures a long-term lease on the land and building for the restaurant location.
Company-owned and operated restaurant margins are measured as sales from Company-owned and operated restaurants less costs for food & paper, payroll & employee benefits and occupancy & other operating expenses necessary to run an individual restaurant. Company-owned and operated margins exclude costs that are not allocated to individual restaurants, primarily payroll & employee benefit costs of non-restaurant support staff, which are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses.
n/m Not meaningful
•
Franchised margins reflected negative sales performance in the U.S. and the negative impact of foreign currency translation in the International Operated Markets. International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate reflected positive sales performance. Franchised margins represented more than 90% of restaurant margin dollars.
•
Company-owned and operated margins in the U.S. reflected negative sales performance and the negative impact of foreign currency translation in the International Operated Markets. The U.S. and International Operated Markets were also impacted by ongoing inflationary cost pressures.
•
Total restaurant margins included depreciation and amortization expense of $413 million and $411 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Selling, General & Administrative Expenses
•
Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $38 million or 5% (5% in constant currencies). Results primarily reflect the timing of investments in digital and technology, as well as transformation efforts, under our
Accelerating the Arches
strategy and the comparison to prior year costs related to the 2024 Worldwide Owner/Operator convention.
•
Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of Systemwide sales were 2.2% and 2.3% for the three months ended March 31, 2025