addition, we cannot ensure that franchisees and other third parties who hold licenses to our intellectual property will not take actions that adversely affect the value of our intellectual property.
OPERATIONS
The global scope of our business subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business.
We encounter differing and evolving cultural, regulatory, geopolitical and economic environments within and among the more than 100 countries where McDonald’s restaurants operate, and our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on the System’s success in these environments. Meeting customer expectations is complicated by the risks inherent in our global operating environment, and our global success is partially dependent on our System’s ability to leverage operating successes across markets and brand perceptions. Planned initiatives may not have appeal across multiple markets with McDonald’s customers and could drive unanticipated changes in customer perceptions and negatively impact our business results.
Disruptions in operations or price volatility in a market can also result from governmental actions (whether proposed or realized, unilateral or bilateral), such as price, foreign exchange or trade-related tariffs or controls, trade policies and regulations, sanctions and counter sanctions, government-mandated closure of our, our franchisees’ or our suppliers’ operations, and asset seizures. Some or all of the above-referenced disruptions or volatility can also result from acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities. Such governmental actions may have a broader impact on macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical tensions, anti-American sentiment, consumer demand and the ability of us and our franchisees to operate in certain geographic areas, which in turn may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
While we may face challenges and uncertainties in any of the markets in which we operate, such challenges and uncertainties are often heightened in developing markets, which may entail a relatively higher risk of political instability, economic volatility, crime, corruption and social and ethnic unrest. In many cases, such challenges may be exacerbated by the lack of an independent and experienced judiciary and uncertainty in how local law is applied and enforced, including in areas most relevant to commercial transactions and foreign investment. An inability to manage effectively the risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our business and financial results.
Supply chain interruptions may increase costs or reduce revenues.
We depend on the effectiveness of our supply chain management to assure a reliable and sufficient supply of quality products, equipment and other materials on favorable terms. Although many of these items are sourced from a wide variety of suppliers in countries around the world, certain items have limited suppliers, which increases our reliance on those suppliers.