currencies and hedging certain foreign-denominated cash flows. Results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation (referred to as constant currency) are calculated by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates.
Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Share
Net income decreased 3% (2% in constant currencies) to $
1,868
million, and diluted earnings per share decreased 2% (1% in constant currencies) to $
2.60
. Foreign currency translation had a negative impact of $0.04 on diluted earnings per share.
Results included
pre-tax charges of $66 million, or $0.07 per share, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and $35 million, or $0.04 per share, for the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily related to restructuring charges associated with the Company's internal effort to modernize ways of working (
Accelerating the Organization).
Excluding the above items, operating income performance was primarily driven by lower Franchised and Company-owned and operated margins.
During the quarter, the Company paid a quarterly dividend of $1.77 per share, or $1.3 billion. Additionally, the Company repurchased 1.5 million shares of stock for $447 million.
NET INCOME AND EARNINGS PER SHARE-DILUTED RECONCILIATION
Dollars in millions, except per share data
21
Table of Contents
Revenues
The Company's revenues consist of fees from restaurants owned and operated by franchisees, developmental licensees and affiliates and sales by Company-owned and operated restaurants. Revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales with minimum rent payments, and initial fees. Revenues from restaurants licensed to developmental licensees and affiliates include a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally include initial fees. The Company’s Other revenues are primarily comprised of fees paid by franchisees to recover a portion of costs incurred by the Company for various technology and digital platforms and revenues from brand licensing arrangements to market and sell consumer packaged goods using the McDonald’s brand.
Franchised restaurants represented approximately 95% of McDonald's restaurants worldwide at March 31, 2025. The Company's heavily franchised business model is designed to generate stable and predictable revenue, which is largely a function of franchisee sales, and resulting cash flow streams.
n/m Not meaningful
•
Total Franchised revenues and Company-owned and operated sales decreased 5% (3% in constant currencies). U.S. revenues reflected negative sales performance and International Operated Markets' revenues were negatively impacted by foreign currency translation. International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate revenues were impacted by the prior year sale of McDonald's business in South Korea, partly offset by the prior year acquisition of McDonald's business in Israel and positive sales performance.
Comparable Sales
The following table presents the percent