the U.S.
The number of shareholders of record and beneficial owners of the Company’s common stock as of January 31, 2025 was estimated to be 4,900,000.
Given the Company’s returns on its capital investments and significant cash provided by operations, management believes it is prudent to reinvest in the business to drive profitable growth and use excess cash flow to return cash to shareholders over time through dividends and share repurchases. The Company has paid dividends on common stock for 49 consecutive years through 2024 and has increased the dividend amount at least once every year. As in the past, future dividend amounts will be considered after reviewing profitability expectations and financing needs, and will be declared at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors.
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
The following table presents information related to repurchases of common stock the Company made during the quarter ended December 31, 2024*:
*    Subject to applicable law, the Company may repurchase shares directly in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to derivative instruments and plans complying with Rule 10b5-1, among other types of transactions and arrangements.
(1)
On December 31, 2019, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, effective January 1, 2020 with no specified expiration date, that authorized the purchase of up to $15.0 billion of the Company's outstanding common stock. On November 21, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors terminated the 2020 Program, effective December 31, 2024, and replaced it with a new share repurchase program, effective January 1, 2025, that authorized the purchase of up to $15.0 billion of the Company's outstanding common stock with no specified expiration date. As of December 31, 2024, no further share repurchases may be made under the 2020 Program; future share repurchases will be made pursuant to the 2025 Program.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
27
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
The information in this report contains forward-looking statements about future events and circumstances and their effects upon revenues, expenses and business opportunities. Generally speaking, any statement in this report not based upon historical fact is a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward-looking or conditional words, such as “could,” “should,” “can,” “continue,” “aim,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “intend,” “look,” “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “remain,” “confident,” “commit,” “enable,” “potential” and "trajectory" or similar expressions. In particular, statements regarding our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations regarding our business and industry are forward-looking statements. They reflect our expectations, are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the dates the statements are made. Except as