Separately, Company officers have been awarded RSUs that vest based on Company performance. For performance-based RSUs, the Company includes a relative TSR modifier to determine the number of shares earned at the end of the performance period. The fair value of performance-based RSUs that include the TSR modifier is determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model.
A summary of the Company’s RSU activity during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is presented in the following table:
The total fair value of RSUs vested during 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
173
million, $
127
million and $
110
million, respectively. The tax benefit realized from RSUs vested during 2024 was $
34
million.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
64
The financial statements were prepared by management, which is responsible for their integrity and objectivity and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
I.
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
II.
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
III.
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurances with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal controls may vary over time.
Management assessed the design and effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013 Framework).
Based on management’s assessment using those criteria, as of December 31, 2024, management believes that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective.
Ernst & Young, LLP, independent registered public