control frameworks, analyzing regulatory developments that may impact McDonald’s, and developing control catalogs and assessments of controls, as well as overseeing governance and reporting of technology and cybersecurity risk. The team provides awareness and training that
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
35
reinforces information risk and security management practices and compliance with McDonald’s policies, standards and practices. The training is mandatory for all employees globally on a periodic basis, and it is supplemented by Company-wide testing initiatives, including periodic phishing tests.
•
Cyber Market Engagement, which is responsible for working with our market teams, International Developmental Licensee partners, and other entities to ensure a consistent approach for cybersecurity across the McDonald’s system.
The governance structure for the Global Cybersecurity organization is designed to appropriately identify, escalate, and mitigate cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity risk management and its governance and oversight are integrated into McDonald’s operational risk management framework, including through the escalation of key risk and control issues to management and the development of risk mitigation plans for heightened risk and control issues.
As needed, McDonald’s engages third-party assessors or auditing firms with industry-recognized expertise on cybersecurity matters to review specific aspects of McDonald’s cybersecurity risk management framework, processes and controls. These efforts include a wide range of activities focused on evaluating the effectiveness of the program, including audits, modeling, tabletop exercises and vulnerability testing.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
36
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company has pending a number of claims and lawsuits that have been filed in various jurisdictions. These claims and lawsuits cover a broad variety of allegations spanning the Company’s business. The following is a brief description of the more significant types of such claims and lawsuits. In addition, the Company is subject to various laws and regulations that impact its business, as discussed under “Government Regulations” below. While the Company does not believe that any such claims, lawsuits, laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations, unfavorable rulings could occur. Were an unfavorable ruling to occur, it could result in a material adverse impact on the Company’s net income for the period in which it occurs and/or future periods.
•
Franchising
Most McDonald’s restaurants are franchised to independent owner/operators and developmental licensees under contractual arrangements with the Company. In the course of the franchise relationship, occasional disputes arise between the Company and its current or former franchisees relating to a broad range of subjects, including, but not limited to, quality, service, cleanliness, menu pricing,