franchise arrangement, the Company maintains control of the underlying real estate and building and can either enter into a new
20
-year franchise arrangement with the existing franchisee or a different franchisee, or close the restaurant. Franchisees generally pay related occupancy costs including property taxes, insurance and site maintenance.
Developmental licensees and affiliates operating under license agreements pay a royalty to the Company based upon a percent of sales, and generally pay initial fees.
McDonald’s has elected to allocate consideration in the franchise contract among lease and non-lease components in the same manner that it has historically: rental income (lease), royalty income (non-lease) and initial fee income (non-lease). This disaggregation and presentation of revenue is based on the nature, amount, timing and certainty of the revenue and cash flows. The allocation has been determined based on a mix of both observable and estimated standalone selling prices (the price at which an entity would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer).
Revenues from franchised restaurants consisted of:
Future gross minimum rent payments due to the Company under existing conventional franchise arrangements are:
At December 31, 2024, net property and equipment under franchise arrangements totaled $
20.6
billion (including land of $
6.4
billion) after deducting accumulated depreciation and amortization of $
14.9
billion.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
54
The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases (the Company leases the land and generally owns the building) and through improved leases (the Company leases the land and buildings). The Company determines whether an arrangement is a lease at inception. Lease terms for most restaurants, where market conditions allow, are generally for
20
years and, in many cases, provide for rent escalations and renewal options. Renewal options are typically solely at the Company’s discretion. Escalation terms vary by market with examples including fixed-rent escalations, escalations based on an inflation index and fair-value market adjustments. The timing of these escalations generally range from annually to every
five years
.
The following table provides detail of rent expense:
Rent expense included variable lease payments in excess of minimum rents (in millions) as follows–Company-owned and operated restaurants: 2024–$
55
; 2023–$
56
; 2022–$
40
. Franchised restaurants: 2024–$
271
; 2023–$
261
; 2022–$
209
. These variable lease payments are primarily based on a percent of sales.
The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability reflect the present value of the Company's estimated future minimum lease payments over the lease term, which includes options that are reasonably certain of being exercised, discounted using a collateralized incremental borrowing rate. Typically, renewal options are considered reasonably certain of being