increase capacity and improve speed and efficiency. The Company continues to build on its drive thru advantage, as the vast majority of new restaurant openings in the U.S. and International Operated Markets will include a drive thru.
◦
Restaurant Development:
The Company will continue to accelerate the pace of restaurant openings to attempt to fully capture the demand being driven through our Strategy in many of our largest markets. In 2025, the Company plans to open about 2,200 new restaurants across the globe, which will contribute to slightly over 4% new unit growth (net of closures).  Further, the Company continues to build on its industry-leading development, by progressing toward the targeted expansion to 50,000 restaurants by the end of 2027, which would make it the fastest period of restaurant unit growth in Company history.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
9
FOUNDATION AND PLATFORMS
Foundational to our Strategy is keeping the customer and restaurant crew at the center of everything the Company does, along with focusing relentlessly on running great restaurants, empowering our people and continuing to modernize our ways of working. Further, as part of the Company’s plans for long term growth and solidifying McDonald’s leadership position, the Company will continue to develop and implement three technology-enabled platforms designed to build our competitive advantages, cement our place in culture and stay one step ahead of our customers’ expectations. Together, our foundation and platforms will extend the Company’s leadership position and unlock new growth opportunities and efficiencies for our business over the long-term.
Our platforms are:
•
Consumer:
The Company is building
one of the world’s largest consumer platforms to fuel engagement
, which will bring together the best of our brand and utilize our physical and digital competitive advantages. The consumer platform will enable the Company to accelerate growth in our loyalty program and drive valuable loyalty customers to visit more frequently.
•
Restaurant:
The Company is
building the easiest and most efficient restaurant operating platform
which enables the Company and franchisees to run restaurants more efficiently and utilize the latest cloud-based technology to make it easier for restaurant crew to deliver exceptional customer service. The Company intends to deploy new, universal software that all McDonald’s restaurants will run on, enabling restaurants to roll out innovation even faster, with less complexity and more stability; and customers will enjoy a more familiar, consistent experience.
•
Company:
The Company is
building a modern company platform, through our Global Business Services (GBS) organization, that unlocks speed and innovation
throughout the organization, to enable further growth as it modernizes the way it works by focusing on becoming faster, more innovative and more efficient at solving problems for its customers and people.
Our Strategy is aligned