and President, International Developmental Licensed Markets, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Sempels served as Senior Vice President  - International Developmental Licensed Markets from December 2019 to August 2022, as Vice President, Business Unit Lead International Developmental Licensed Markets Europe from January 2019 to December 2019. Mr. Sempels has served the Company for 32 years.
Manu Steijaert
,
54, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Customer Officer, a position he has held since August 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Steijaert served as Vice President, International Operated Markets from January 2019 to July 2021. Mr. Steijaert has served the Company for 22 years.
INSIDER TRADING POLICY
The Company has adopted an
insider trading policy
governing the purchase and sale and other dispositions of Company securities by our directors, officers and employees. The Company believes this policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and NYSE listing standards. A copy of the Inside Information and Securities Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Form 10-K.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
38
AVAILABILITY OF COMPANY INFORMATION
The Company is subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and therefore files periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such information may be obtained by visiting the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.
The Company also uses its investor website at www.investor.mcdonalds.com as a primary channel for disclosing key information to its investors, some of which may contain material and previously non-public information. The Company makes available on such website, free of charge, copies of its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing such material to the SEC. Copies of such information and reports are also available free of charge by calling (800) 228-9623.
The Company also posts the following documents on the “Corporate Governance” section of its investor website: the Company’s Corporate Governance Principles; the charters for each standing committee of the Company's Board of Directors, including the Audit & Finance Committee, Compensation Committee, Governance Committee, and Corporate Responsibility Committee; the Code of Conduct for the Company’s Board of Directors; and the Company’s Standards of Business Conduct, which applies to all officers and employees. Copies of these documents are also available free of charge by calling (800) 228-9623. The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirements regarding any applicable amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of its Standards of Business Conduct by disclosing