guest counts and average check, the latter of which is affected by changes in pricing and product mix.
•
Systemwide sales
include sales at all restaurants, whether owned and operated by the Company or by franchisees. Systemwide sales to loyalty members is comprised of all sales to customers who self-identify as a loyalty member when transacting with both Company-owned and operated and franchised restaurants. Systemwide sales to loyalty members are measured across 60 markets with loyalty programs. Systemwide sales to loyalty members represents an aggregation of the prior four quarters of sales to loyalty members active in the last 90 days of the respective quarter.
While franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the Company, management believes the information is important in understanding the Company's financial performance because these sales are the basis on which the Company calculates and records franchised revenues and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. The Company's revenues consist of sales by Company-owned and operated restaurants and fees from franchised restaurants operated by conventional franchisees, developmental licensees and affiliates. Changes in Systemwide sales are primarily driven by comparable sales and net restaurant unit expansion.
•
Free cash flow
, defined as cash provided by operations less capital expenditures, and free cash flow conversion rate, defined as free cash flow divided by net income, are measures reviewed by management in order to evaluate the Company’s ability to convert net profits into cash resources, after reinvesting in the core business, that can be used to pursue opportunities to enhance shareholder value.
19
Table of Contents
n/m Not meaningful
20
Table of Contents
Impact of the War in the Middle East
The Company’s Systemwide sales and revenue have continued to be negatively impacted by the war in the Middle East, primarily in the International Developmental Licensed Markets, where the majority of restaurants are under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement. The Company is monitoring the evolving situation, which it expects to continue to have a negative impact on Systemwide sales and revenue until the war concludes and the macroeconomic conditions recover. The Company generally does not invest any restaurant capital under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement, and it receives a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally receives initial fees upon the opening of a new restaurant or grant of a new license.
Impact of Foreign Currency Translation
The impact of foreign currency translation on consolidated operating results for the quarter primarily reflected the weakening of all major currencies against the U.S. Dollar, primarily driven by the Euro.
While changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect reported results, McDonald's mitigates exposures, where practical, by purchasing goods and services in local currencies, financing in local