typically amortized over a shorter useful life, while back office and Corporate systems may have a longer useful life. Capitalized software less accumulated amortization is recorded within Miscellaneous other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and was (in millions): 2024-$
907
; 2023-$
836
; 2022-$
864
.
The Company reviews capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable or if an indicator of impairment exists. Results for the year ended December 31, 2023 reflected the write-off of impaired software no longer in use of $
72
million.
The Company did not identify any indicators of material impairment of capitalized software for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2022.
LONG-LIVED ASSETS
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. For purposes of annually reviewing McDonald’s restaurant assets for potential impairment, assets are initially grouped together in the U.S. at a field office level, and internationally, at a market level. The Company manages its restaurants as a group or portfolio with significant common costs and promotional activities; as such, an individual restaurant’s cash flows are not generally independent of the cash flows of others in a market. If an indicator of impairment exists for any grouping of assets, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows produced by each individual restaurant within the asset grouping is compared to its carrying value. If an individual restaurant is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured by the excess of the carrying amount of the restaurant over its fair value as determined by an estimate of discounted future cash flows.
Losses on assets held for disposal are recognized when management and the Company's Board of Directors, as required, have approved and committed to a plan to dispose of the assets, the assets are available for disposal and the disposal is probable of occurring within
12
months, and the net sales proceeds are expected to be less than its net book value, among other factors. Generally, such losses are related to restaurants that have closed and ceased operations as well as other assets that meet the criteria to be considered “held for sale."
GOODWILL
Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets of acquired restaurants and other businesses, and it is generally assigned to the reporting unit (defined as each individual market) expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. The Company's goodwill primarily results from purchases of McDonald's restaurants from franchisees or transactions in which the Company obtains a controlling interest in subsidiaries or affiliates. When purchasing restaurants from a franchisee, the Company generally uses a discounted