multiple taxing jurisdictions. The Company records accruals for the estimated outcomes of these audits, and the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter.
Refer to the Income Taxes section in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote on page
48
of this Form 10-K and the Income Taxes footnote on page
59
of this Form 10-K for additional information.
EFFECTS OF CHANGING PRICES — INFLATION
Although broader inflationary pressures in the economy continue to ease, the challenges of an inflationary environment still exist. The Company has demonstrated an ability to manage these inflationary pressures effectively through its rapid inventory turnover, ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls and substantial property holdings, many of which are at fixed costs.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
25
STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH
At least annually, McDonald's considers which companies comprise a readily identifiable investment peer group. The Company is included in published restaurant indices; however, unlike most other companies included in these indices, which have no or limited international operations, McDonald's does business in more than 100 countries and a substantial portion of its revenues and income is generated outside the U.S. In addition, because of its size, McDonald's inclusion in those indices tends to skew the results. Therefore, the Company believes that such a comparison is not meaningful.
The Company's market capitalization, trading volume and importance in an industry that is vital to the U.S. economy have resulted in McDonald's inclusion in the Dow Jones Industrial Average ("DJIA") since 1985. Like McDonald's, many DJIA companies generate meaningful revenues and income outside the U.S. and some manage global brands. Thus, the Company believes that the use of the DJIA companies as the group for comparison purposes is appropriate.
The following performance graph shows McDonald's cumulative total shareholder returns (i.e., price appreciation and reinvestment of dividends) relative to the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index ("S&P 500 Index") and to the DJIA companies for the five-year period ended December 31, 2024. The graph assumes that the value of an investment in McDonald's common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the DJIA companies (including McDonald's) was $100 at December 31, 2019. For the DJIA companies, returns are weighted for market capitalization as of the beginning of each period indicated. These returns may vary from those of the DJIA Index, which is not weighted by market capitalization and may be composed of different companies during the period under consideration.
Source: S&P Capital IQ
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
26
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
MARKET INFORMATION AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company’s common stock trades under the symbol MCD and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange in