proves to be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected, or if our strategies do not yield the desired results, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
Failure to preserve the value or relevance of our brand could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
To continue to be successful in the future, we believe we must preserve, enhance and leverage the value and relevance of our brand, including our corporate purpose, mission and values. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions, which are affected by a variety of factors, including the nutritional content and preparation of our food, the ingredients we use, the manner in which we source commodities and general business practices across the System, including the people practices at McDonald’s restaurants. Consumer acceptance of our offerings is subject to change for a variety of reasons, and some changes can occur rapidly. For example, nutritional, health, environmental and other scientific studies and conclusions, which continuously evolve and may have contradictory implications, drive popular opinion, litigation and regulation (including initiatives intended to drive consumer behavior) in ways that affect the “informal eating out” (“IEO”) segment or perceptions of our brand, generally or relative to available alternatives. Our business could also be impacted by business incidents or practices, whether actual or perceived, particularly if they receive considerable publicity or result in litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings, as well as by our perceived position or lack of position on environmental, social responsibility, public policy, geopolitical and similar matters. In addition, we cannot ensure that franchisees or business partners will not take actions that adversely affect the value and relevance of our brand. Consumer perceptions may also be affected by adverse commentary from third parties, including through social media or conventional media outlets, regarding the quick-service category of the IEO segment or our brand, culture, operations, suppliers or franchisees. If we are unsuccessful in addressing adverse commentary or perceptions, whether or not accurate, our brand and financial results may suffer.
28
Table of Contents
If we do not anticipate and address industry trends and evolving consumer preferences and effectively execute our pricing, promotional and marketing plans, our business could suffer.
Our continued success depends on our System’s ability to build upon our historic strengths and competitive advantages. In order to do so, we need to anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics and industry trends in food sourcing, food preparation, food offerings, and consumer behavior and preferences, including with respect to the use of digital channels and environmental and social responsibility matters. If we are not able to predict, or quickly and effectively respond