exercised if the associated asset lives of the building or leasehold improvements exceed that of the initial lease term, and the sales performance of the restaurant remains strong. Therefore, the Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability include an assumption on renewal options that have not yet been exercised by the Company, and are not currently a future obligation.
The following table details amounts related to operating and finance leases recorded within the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate to calculate the lease liability that represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur to borrow on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease within a particular currency environment.
The following table summarizes the weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate used for leases as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:
The Company makes cash payments related to its operating and finance lease liabilities, of which the majority are recorded within operating activities on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. For each of the three years reflected within its cash flow statement, the Company made total payments of approximately $
1.5
billion. Of these total payments, approximately
3
% related to the Company’s repayment of the principal portion of finance lease liabilities, and were recorded within financing activities on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating and finance lease liabilities totaled approximately $
626
million and $
297
million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2024.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
55
As of December 31, 2024, maturities of lease liabilities for the Company's lease portfolio were as follows:
* Total lease payments include option periods that are reasonably certain of being exercised.
The decrease in the present value of the lease liability since December 31, 2023 is approximately $
222
million. The lease liability will continue to be impacted by new leases, lease modifications, lease terminations, reevaluation of lease terms, and foreign currency.
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims primarily related to competitors, customers, employees, franchisees, government agencies, intellectual property, shareholders and suppliers. The Company is required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. A determination of the amount of accrual required, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each matter. The required accrual may change in the future due to new developments in a particular matter or changes in approach such as a change in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters. The Company does not believe that any such matter