fair value of these derivatives or investments are recorded in Selling, general & administrative expenses together with the changes in the supplemental benefit plan liabilities. In addition, the Company uses foreign currency forwards to mitigate the change in fair value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. The changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Nonoperating (income) expense, net, along with the currency gain or loss from the hedged balance sheet position.
Credit Risk
The Company is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by its derivative counterparties. The Company did not have significant exposure to any individual counterparty at March 31, 2025 and has master agreements that contain netting arrangements. For financial reporting purposes, the Company presents gross derivative balances in its financial statements and supplementary data, including for counterparties subject to netting arrangements. Some of these agreements also require each party to post collateral if credit ratings fall below, or aggregate exposures exceed, certain contractual limits. At March 31, 2025, the Company was required to post $
36
million of collateral due to the negative fair value of certain derivative positions.
Franchise Arrangements
Revenues from franchised restaurants consisted of:
12
Table of Contents
Segment Information
The Company operates under the following global organizational structure, reflecting how management reviews and evaluates operating performance:
•
U.S. segment - the Company's largest market. The segment is
95
% franchised as of March 31, 2025.
•
International Operated Markets segment - comprised of markets or countries in which the Company owns and operates and franchises restaurants, including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain and the U.K. The segment is
89
% franchised as of March 31, 2025
.
•
International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate - comprised primarily of developmental licensee and affiliate markets in the McDonald’s System, including equity method investments in China and Japan, as well as Corporate activities. The International Developmental Licensed Markets are
99
% franchised as of March 31, 2025.
The Company's chief operating decision makers are the President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"). Segment performance and resource allocation are evaluated based on one measure of a segment's profit or loss, operating income.
All intercompany revenues and expenses are eliminated in computing revenues and operating income. Corporate general and administrative expenses consist of corporate office support costs in areas such as facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, legal, marketing, restaurant operations, supply chain and training. Corporate assets include corporate cash and equivalents, financial instruments and office