agreement. Refer to the Financing and Market Risk section on page
23
of this Form 10-K.
Material Cash Requirements and Uses of Cash
Material cash requirements primarily consist of lease obligations (related to both Company-operated and franchised restaurants) and debt obligations. Refer to the Leasing Arrangements footnote on page
55
and the Debt Financing footnote on page
62
of this Form 10-K for more information.
The Company also records liabilities related to supplemental benefit plans maintained in the U.S. as well as liabilities for gross unrecognized tax benefits on certain tax positions. Details related to these obligations are provided in the Employee Benefit Plan footnote on page
61
and the Income Taxes footnote on page
59
of this Form 10-K.
The Company contracts with vendors and suppliers in the normal course of business. These contracts may include items related to construction projects, inventory, energy, marketing, technology and other services. Generally, these items are shorter term in nature and have no minimum payment requirements. These expenses, along with other standard operating expenses incurred, are funded from operating cash flows and reflected in other areas of this Form 10-K (e.g., franchised margins, Company-operated margins and selling, general & administrative expenses that are reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Income and capital expenditures that are reflected on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows).
Additionally, the Company has guaranteed certain loans totaling approximately $111 million at December 31, 2024. These guarantees are contingent commitments generally issued by the Company to support borrowing arrangements of the System. At December 31, 2024, there was no carrying value for obligations under these guarantees in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
24
OTHER MATTERS
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon the Company’s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses as well as related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates and judgments based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The Company reviews its financial reporting and disclosure practices and accounting policies quarterly to confirm that they provide accurate and transparent information relative to the current economic and business environment. The Company believes that of its significant accounting policies, the following involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity:
•
Property