restaurant closures, can also affect the foregoing items and adversely affect our business and financial results. The duration and scope of a health epidemic or pandemic can be difficult to predict and depends on many factors, including the emergence of new variants and the availability, acceptance and effectiveness of preventative measures. A health epidemic or pandemic may also heighten other risks disclosed in these Risk Factors, including, but not limited to, those related to the availability and costs of labor and commodities, supply chain interruptions, consumer behavior, and consumer perceptions of our brand and industry.
Changes in commodity and other operating costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
The profitability of our Company-owned and operated restaurants depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in commodity costs, including food, paper, supplies, fuel and utilities, as well as distribution and other operating costs, including labor. Volatility in certain commodity prices and fluctuations in labor costs have adversely affected and in the future could adversely affect our operating results by impacting restaurant profitability. The commodity markets for some of the ingredients we use, such as beef and chicken, are particularly volatile due to factors such as seasonal shifts, climate conditions, industry demand and other macroeconomic conditions, international commodity markets, food safety concerns, product recalls, government regulation, and acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, all of which are beyond our control and, in many instances, unpredictable. Our System can only partially address future price risk through hedging and other activities, and therefore increases in commodity costs could have an adverse impact on our profitability.
A decrease in our credit ratings or an increase in our funding costs could adversely affect our profitability.
Our credit ratings may be negatively affected by our results of operations or changes in our debt levels. As a result, our interest expense, the availability of acceptable counterparties, our ability to obtain funding on favorable terms, our collateral requirements and our operating or financial flexibility could all be negatively affected, especially if lenders were to impose new operating or financial covenants.
Our operations may also be impacted by regulations affecting capital flows, financial markets or financial institutions, which can limit our ability to manage and deploy our liquidity or increase our funding costs. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
The trading volatility and price of our common stock may be adversely affected by many factors.
Many factors affect the trading volatility and price of our common stock in addition to our operating results and prospects. These factors, many of which are beyond our control, include the following:
•
the unpredictable nature of