directors.
Share-based compensation, which includes the portion vesting of all share-based awards granted based on the grant date fair value, is generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period in Selling, general & administrative expenses.
The fair value of each stock option granted is estimated on the date of grant using a closed-form pricing model. The pricing model requires assumptions, which impact the assumed fair value, including the expected life of the stock option, the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility of the Company’s stock over the expected life and the expected dividend yield. The Company uses historical data to determine these assumptions and if these assumptions change significantly for future grants, share-based compensation expense will fluctuate in future years. In addition, the Company estimates forfeitures when determining the amount of compensation costs to be recognized each period.
The fair value of each RSU granted is equal to the market price of the Company’s stock at date of grant. For performance-based RSUs, the Company includes a relative Total Shareholder Return ("TSR") modifier to determine the number of shares earned at the end of the performance period. The fair value of performance-based RSUs that include the TSR modifier is determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model.
Refer to the Share-based Compensation footnote on page
63
of this Form 10-K for additional information.
PER COMMON SHARE INFORMATION
Diluted earnings per common share is calculated using net income divided by diluted weighted-average shares. Diluted weighted-average shares include weighted-average shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of share-based compensation calculated using the treasury stock method, of (in millions of shares): 2024–
3.6
; 2023–
4.4
; 2022–
4.8
. Share-based compensation awards that were not included in diluted weighted-average shares because they would have been antidilutive were (in millions of shares): 2024–
1.9
; 2023–
2.0
; 2022–
1.5
.
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS
The Company considers short-term, highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents.
As of December 31, 2024, Cash and equivalents was $
1.1
billion of which $
451
million consisted of certificates of deposit.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
51
McDonald’s operates under an organizational structure with the following global business segments reflecting how management reviews and evaluates operating performance:
•
U.S. - the Company’s largest market. The segment is
95
% franchised as of December 31, 2024.
•
International Operated Markets - comprised of markets, or countries in which the Company operates and franchises restaurants, including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain and the U.K. The segment is
89
% franchised as of December 31, 2024.
•
International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate - comprised primarily of developmental licensee and