enters into certain derivatives that are not designated for hedge accounting. The Company has entered into equity derivative contracts to hedge market-driven changes in certain of its supplemental benefit plan liabilities. In addition, the Company uses foreign currency forwards to mitigate the change in fair value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Further details are explained in the “Undesignated Derivatives” section.
All derivatives (including those not designated for hedge accounting) are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value and classified based on the instruments’ maturity dates. Changes in the fair value measurements of the derivative instruments are reflected as adjustments to AOCI and/or current earnings.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
49
The following table presents the fair values of derivative instruments included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:
The following table presents the pre-tax amounts from derivative instruments affecting income and AOCI for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively:
Fair Value Hedges
The Company enters into fair value hedges to reduce the exposure to changes in fair values of certain liabilities. The Company enters into fair value hedges that convert a portion of its fixed rate debt into floating rate debt by use of interest rate swaps.  At December 31, 2024, the carrying amount of fixed-rate debt that was effectively converted was an equivalent notional amount of $
770
million, which included a decrease of $
40
million of cumulative hedging adjustments. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized a $
22
million gain on the fair value of interest rate swaps, and a corresponding loss on the fair value of the related hedged debt instrument to interest expense.
Cash Flow Hedges
The Company enters into cash flow hedges to reduce the exposure to variability in certain expected future cash flows. To protect against the reduction in value of forecasted foreign currency cash flows (such as royalties denominated in foreign currencies), the Company uses foreign currency forwards to hedge a portion of anticipated exposures. The hedges cover up to the next
18
months for certain exposures and are denominated in various currencies. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had derivatives outstanding with an equivalent notional amount of $
2.0
billion that hedged a portion of forecasted foreign currency denominated cash flows.
To protect against the variability of interest rates on anticipated bond issuances, the Company may use treasury locks to hedge a portion of expected future cash flows. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had derivatives outstanding with a notional amount of $
500
million that hedge a portion of forecasted cash flows.
Based on market conditions at December 31, 2024, the $
119
million in cumulative cash flow hedging gains, after tax, is not expected to have a significant effect