Company’s other franchise arrangements.
The following table summarizes the amounts related to the Company’s primary equity method investees during the periods presented.
As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate carrying amount of the Company's investments in these equity method investees exceeded its proportionate share of the net assets of these equity method investees by $
1.5
billion. This difference is not amortized.  Management has concluded that there are no indicators of impairment related to these investments.
The following table summarizes the amounts recorded related to the Company's primary equity method investments during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate was
19.8
% and
19.9
% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value disclosures are reflected in a three-level hierarchy, maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability on the measurement date and are defined as follows:
•
Level 1 – inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for an identical asset or liability in an active market.
•
Level 2 – inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for a similar asset or liability in an active market or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.
•
Level 3 – inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement of the asset or liability.
There were no significant changes to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value as described in the Company's December 31, 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
At March 31, 2025, the fair value of the Company’s debt obligations was estimated at $
37.2
billion, compared to a carrying amount of $
38.9
billion. The fair value of debt obligations is based upon quoted market prices, classified as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. The carrying amount of cash and equivalents and notes receivable approximate fair value.
10
Table of Contents
Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
The Company is exposed to global market risks, including the effect of changes in interest rates and foreign currency fluctuations. The Company uses foreign currency denominated debt and derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of these changes. The Company does not hold or issue derivatives for trading purposes.
The following table presents the fair values of derivative instruments included on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet:
The following table presents the pre-tax amounts from derivative instruments affecting income and AOCI for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively:
Fair