Company’s financial instruments, neither a one percentage point adverse change in interest rates from 2024 levels nor a 10% adverse change in foreign currency rates from 2024 levels would materially affect the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or the fair value of its financial instruments.
LIQUIDITY AND USES OF CASH
The Company generates significant cash from operations and expects available cash and cash equivalents, future operating cash flows and its ability to issue debt to be sufficient to finance its foreseeable operating needs and other cash requirements.
Consistent with prior years, the Company expects existing domestic cash and equivalents, domestic cash flows from operations, the ability to issue domestic debt and repatriation of a portion of foreign earnings to continue to be sufficient to fund its domestic operating, investing and financing activities. The Company also continues to expect existing foreign cash and equivalents and foreign cash flows from operations to be sufficient to fund its foreign operating, investing and financing activities. In the future, should more capital be required to fund activities in the U.S. than is generated by domestic operations and is available through the issuance of domestic debt, the Company could elect to repatriate a greater portion of future periods' earnings from foreign jurisdictions.
The Company has significant operations outside the U.S. where it earns approximately 66% of its operating income. A significant portion of these historical earnings have been reinvested in foreign jurisdictions where the Company has made, and will continue to make, substantial investments to support the ongoing development and growth of its international operations.
Sources of Liquidity
The Company has long-term revenue and cash flow streams that relate to its franchise arrangements. Minimum rent payments under franchise arrangements are based on the Company’s underlying investment in owned sites and parallel the Company’s underlying lease obligations and escalations on properties that are leased. The Company believes that control over the real estate enables it to achieve restaurant performance levels that are among the highest in the industry. Refer to the Franchise Arrangements footnote on page
54
of this Form 10-K for additional information on future gross minimum payments due to the Company under existing conventional franchise arrangements.
Additionally, the Company is authorized to utilize up to $15.0 billion of borrowing capacity in various forms by the Board of Directors, of which $7.4 billion remained available as of December 31, 2024. In November 2024, the Company's Board of Directors terminated the 2022 borrowing authority and authorized a new $15.0 billion of borrowing capacity, effective January 1, 2025, with no specified expiration date. The Company is also authorized to issue up to $5.0 billion of commercial paper, and has $4.0 billion available under a committed line of credit