taxes for the tax effects incremental to the transition tax. The Company has not provided for deferred taxes on outside basis differences in its investments in its foreign subsidiaries that are unrelated to these accumulated undistributed earnings, as these outside basis differences are indefinitely reinvested. A determination of the unrecognized deferred taxes related to these other components of the outside basis differences is not practicable.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
60
The Company's 401(k) Plan is maintained for U.S.-based employees and includes a 401(k) feature, as well as an employer match. The 401(k) feature allows eligible participants to make pre-tax and Roth contributions that are matched each pay period (with an annual true-up) through cash contributions.
All current account balances, future contributions and related earnings can be invested in nine investment alternatives (including a target date fund series), as well as McDonald’s stock in accordance with each participant’s investment elections. Future participant contributions are limited to
20
% investment in McDonald’s stock and participants may not transfer their existing account balance into McDonald’s stock if the transfer would cause the value of their interest in the fund to exceed 20% of their total 401(k) Plan account balance. Participants may choose to make separate investment choices for current account balances and future contributions.
The Company also maintains certain unfunded nonqualified supplemental benefit plans that allow participants to (i) make tax-deferred contributions and (ii) receive an annual Company-match allocation that cannot be made under the 401(k) Plan because of IRS limitations. The investment alternatives and returns are based on certain market-rate investment alternatives under the 401(k) Plan, net of expenses. Total liabilities were $
413
million and $
403
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and were primarily included in Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The Company has entered into contracts to hedge market-driven changes in certain of the liabilities. At December 31, 2024, derivatives with a fair value of $
135
million indexed to the Company’s stock and an investment totaling $
226
million indexed to certain market indices were included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Changes in liabilities for these nonqualified plans and in the fair value of the derivatives and investment are recorded primarily in Selling, general & administrative expenses. Changes in fair value of the derivatives indexed to the Company’s stock are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income because the contracts provide the counterparty with a choice to settle in cash or shares.
Total U.S. costs for the 401(k) Plan and nonqualified benefits were immaterial to the Consolidated Statement of Income. All other post-retirement benefits and post-employment