2,100 new restaurants (including those in our developmental licensee and affiliated markets) were opened.
•
The Company increased its quarterly cash dividend per share by 6% to $1.77 for the fourth quarter, equivalent to an annual dividend of $7.08 per share. The Company returned a total of $7.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in 2024.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
8
STRATEGIC DIRECTION
The Company’s
Accelerating the Arches
growth strategy (the “Strategy”) encompasses all aspects of McDonald’s business as the leading global omni-channel restaurant brand. Our Strategy reflects the Company’s purpose, mission and values, as well as growth pillars that build on the Company’s competitive advantages. The Company's guiding purpose, mission and values are discussed in a dedicated section on page
4
of this Form 10-K.
GROWTH PILLARS
The following growth pillars, M-C-D, build on historic strengths and articulate areas of further opportunity. Under our Strategy, the Company will:
•
M
aximize our Marketing
by investing in new, culturally relevant approaches, grounded in fan truths, to effectively communicate the story of our brand, food and purpose. The Company continues to build relevance with customers through emotional connections and world class creative, which are central to the brand’s “Feel-Good Marketing” approach. This is exemplified by campaigns that elevate the entire brand and continue to be scaled around the globe to connect with customers in authentic and relatable ways. The Company is committed to a marketing strategy that highlights value at every tier of the menu, as providing delicious and affordable menu options remains a cornerstone of the McDonald’s brand. This includes everyday low-price options on our menu, affordable meal bundles, limited-time deals and personalized value and digital offers available in our mobile app.
•
C
ommit to the Core
menu by tapping into customer demand for the familiar and focusing on serving our iconic products that are beloved by customers around the world such as our World Famous Fries, Big Mac, Quarter Pounder and Chicken McNuggets, which are some of our seventeen unique billion-dollar brands. Building on its foundational strength with burgers, the Company will continue to evolve and innovate its longest-standing menu item with plans to implement “Best Burger”; a series of operational and formulation changes designed to deliver hotter, juicier, tastier burgers to nearly all markets by the end of 2026. Further, the Company is focused on continuing to gain share in the rapidly growing chicken category, as we continue to aggressively grow our chicken brands. This includes plans to offer the McCrispy sandwich in nearly all markets by the end of 2025 and to extend the McCrispy brand into strips and wraps in several markets. These planned innovations and new menu offerings reflect the Company’s ability to meet evolving customer preferences. The Company also continues to