or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Company is in the process of a multi-year, comprehensive transformation of its technology and operating model across multiple areas of the business, in an effort to modernize our processes and create efficiencies.
This technology transformation will include the implementation of certain new systems. Operating model transformation will include centralizing or outsourcing certain more routine functions.
The Company is performing this implementation in the ordinary course of business to increase efficiency and to modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. This is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. As the phased implementation of the systems continues, the Company has modified certain processes and procedures to enhance the quality of internal control over financial reporting. The Company will continue to monitor and modify, as needed, the design and operating effectiveness of key control activities to align with the updated business processes and capabilities of the new financial systems.
Except for these changes, the Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirm there has been no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT
Management’s Report and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting are set forth in the consolidated financial statements.
The following table summarizes information about the Company’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2024. All outstanding awards relate to the Company’s common stock. Shares issued under all of the following plans may be from the Company’s treasury, newly issued or both.
Equity compensation plan information
(1)
Includes 9,524,574 stock options and 1,159,952 restricted stock units granted under the McDonald's Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan.
Additional matters are incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2024.
No officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or director adopted, modified, or terminated a contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company’s securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement