"Exchange Act")) as of March 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date to provide reasonable assurances that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company is in the process of a multi-year, comprehensive transformation of its technology and operating model across multiple areas of the business, in an effort to modernize our processes and create efficiencies.
This technology transformation will include the implementation of certain new systems. Operating model transformation will include centralizing or outsourcing certain more routine functions.
The Company is performing this implementation in the ordinary course of business to increase efficiency and to modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. This is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. As the phased implementation of the systems continues, the Company has modified certain processes and procedures to enhance the quality of internal control over financial reporting. The Company will continue to monitor and modify, as needed, the design and operating effectiveness of key control activities to align with the updated business processes and capabilities of the new financial systems.
Except for these changes, the Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirm there has been no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
35
Table of Contents
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
There were no material changes to the disclosure made in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 regarding these matters.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
For a discussion of risk factors affecting the Company's business, refer to the “Risk Factors" section in Part I, Item 2 of this report.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities*
The following table presents information related to repurchases of common stock the Company made during the quarter ended March 31, 2025:
*    Subject to applicable law, the Company may repurchase shares directly in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or pursuant to derivative instruments and plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, among other types of