impact matters, and our ability to meet such standards, may also impact our business. For example, we are working to manage risks and costs to our System related to climate change, greenhouse gases, and diminishing energy and water resources, and we have announced initiatives relating to, among other things, climate action, sustainability, and responsible sourcing. In addition, we are engaging in social impact initiatives, including community engagement and philanthropy; as well as our commitment to inclusion. We have faced increased scrutiny related to reporting on and achieving these initiatives, as well as continued public focus on similar matters, such as packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use. We have also experienced increased pressure from stakeholders to provide expanded disclosure and establish additional commitments, targets or goals, and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to additional market, operational, execution and reputational costs and risks. Moreover, addressing environmental and social impact matters requires Systemwide as well as third party coordination and alignment, over which we do not have complete control and which may be unpredictable. The standards by which certain environmental and social impact matters are measured are also evolving and subject to assumptions that could change over time.
Events such as severe weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities, social and geopolitical unrest and climate change, among others, can adversely affect our results and prospects.
Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, social and geopolitical unrest, including anti-American sentiment, and climate change (or expectations or uncertainty about them) can adversely affect consumer confidence levels and behavior, supply availability and costs and local operations, including temporary restaurant closures and delayed new restaurant openings, in impacted markets, all of which can affect our results and prospects. Climate change may also increase the frequency and severity of
34
Table of Contents
weather-related events and natural disasters. Our receipt of proceeds under any insurance we maintain with respect to some of these risks may be delayed or the proceeds may be insufficient to cover our losses fully.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
There were no material changes to the disclosures made in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 regarding these matters.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls
An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the