vendors, suppliers, service providers, etc.) are also sources of cybersecurity risk to McDonald’s, and we have various processes and programs to manage cybersecurity risks associated with our third parties. Despite these risk-mitigation measures, a cybersecurity event impacting a third party may compromise Company data or negatively impact the Company’s ability to conduct business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity events, did not materially affect McDonald’s or its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition in 2024. Notwithstanding having what McDonald’s believes to be a comprehensive approach to address cybersecurity risk, no company is immune to cybersecurity threats, and McDonald’s may not be successful in preventing or mitigating a future cybersecurity incident that could have a material adverse effect on McDonald’s or its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. In evaluating cybersecurity incidents, management considers the potential impact to the Company’s results of operations, control framework, and financial condition, as well as the potential impact, if any, to our business strategy and/or reputation.
For additional information on risks from cybersecurity threats, please see our Risk Factors beginning on page
28
.
Governance
Management has primary responsibility for enterprise-wide risk management (“ERM”), including cybersecurity risk, within our Company, as detailed below. Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) is responsible for overseeing our ERM framework and exercises this oversight both as a full Board and through its standing committees. Our Board’s Audit & Finance Committee (“A&F Committee”) has oversight responsibility for our strategy and processes relating to cybersecurity risk management. Our A&F Committee receives updates at regular intervals on cybersecurity matters from management, including our Global Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) and Global Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) who, as discussed below, are responsible for assessing and managing material cybersecurity risks. Such updates include discussion of the status of our cybersecurity landscape and our cybersecurity strategies, including potential risks and mitigation efforts. For certain significant cybersecurity incidents, our procedures contemplate accelerated reporting of the incident to the applicable members of the Board. The A&F Committee also considers potential remedies to any strategic or process gaps that may be identified during the Company’s review of specific cybersecurity incidents.
Our Board recognizes the importance to the Company of effectively identifying, assessing and managing risks that could have a significant impact on our business strategy. The ERM framework leverages internal risk committees comprised of cross-functional leadership who meet regularly to evaluate and