practices on food safety and quality.
The Company collaborates with suppliers to encourage innovation and drive continuous improvement across its global supply chain. The Company also works closely with suppliers and other third-party experts to drive sustainable sourcing initiatives and to improve the health and welfare of the animals within its supply chain. Led by its Global Chief Supply Chain Officer, the Company has a comprehensive strategy that its global supply chain organization leverages to identify, assess, and manage risk in its supply chain.
To reinforce the importance of its values, the Company maintains a Supplier Code of Conduct that applies to all of its suppliers. The Company expects all of its suppliers to meet the rigorous standards set forth in the Code, which cover areas including human rights, workplace environment, business integrity and environmental management. In addition, the Company has a comprehensive Supplier Workplace Accountability (SWA) program to help suppliers understand its expectations, verify compliance and work toward continuous improvement.
PRODUCTS
McDonald’s restaurants offer a substantially uniform menu, although there are geographic variations to suit local consumer preferences and tastes.
McDonald’s menu features hamburgers and cheeseburgers, the Big Mac, the Quarter Pounder with Cheese, the Filet-O-Fish, and several chicken sandwiches like the McChicken, McCrispy and McSpicy, as well as Chicken McNuggets, World Famous Fries, shakes, McFlurry frozen desserts, sundaes, soft serve cones, cookies, pies, soft drinks, coffee, McCafé beverages and other beverages.
McDonald’s restaurants in the U.S. and many international markets offer a full or limited breakfast menu. Breakfast offerings may include breakfast sandwiches, such as the Egg McMuffin, Sausage McMuffin with Egg and McGriddles, biscuit and bagel sandwiches, oatmeal, hash browns, breakfast burritos and hotcakes.
In addition to these menu items, restaurants sell a variety of other products during limited-time promotions.
Taste, quality, choice, value and nutrition are important to customers, and the Company is continuously evolving its menu to meet its customers' needs, including testing new products on an ongoing basis.
MARKETING
McDonald’s global brand is well known. Marketing, promotional and public relations activities are designed with customers in mind and are focused on promoting the McDonald’s brand and differentiating the Company from its competitors. Marketing and promotional efforts focus on value, quality, food taste, menu choice, nutrition, convenience, cultural relevance and the customer experience.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Company owns or is licensed to use valuable intellectual property, including trademarks, service marks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary information. The Company considers the "McDonald's" trademark and the Golden Arches Logo to be of material importance to its business. Depending on the