reputational harm.
We are increasingly reliant upon technology systems, such as point-of-sale, that support our business operations, including our digital and delivery solutions, and technologies that facilitate communication and collaboration with affiliated entities, customers, employees, franchisees, suppliers, service providers or other independent third parties to conduct our business, whether developed and maintained by us or provided by third parties. Any failure or interruption of these systems could significantly impact our or our franchisees’ operations, or our customers’ experiences and perceptions. In addition, the artificial intelligence tools we are incorporating into certain aspects of our business may not generate the intended efficiencies and may impact our business results.
Security incidents and breaches have from time to time occurred and may in the future occur involving our systems, the systems of the parties with whom we communicate or collaborate (including franchisees) or the systems of third-party providers. These may include such things as unauthorized access, phishing attacks, account takeovers, denial of service, computer viruses, deepfakes and other malicious uses of artificial intelligence, introduction of malware or ransomware, other disruptive problems caused by hackers or unintentional events. Certain of these technology systems contain personal, confidential, financial and other information of our customers, employees, franchisees and their employees, suppliers and other third parties, as well as financial, proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. Despite response procedures and measures in place in the event an incident occurs, it could result in disruptions, shutdowns, or a security breach including the theft or unauthorized disclosure of certain of the above-described information. The actual or alleged occurrence of any of these types of incidents could result in mitigation costs, reputational damage, adverse publicity, loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and profits, complications in executing our growth initiatives and regulatory and legal risk, including administrative fines, criminal or civil penalties or civil liabilities.
Despite the implementation of business continuity measures, any of these technology systems could become vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. Certain technology systems may also become vulnerable, unreliable or inefficient in cases where technology vendors limit or terminate product support and/or maintenance. Our increasing reliance on third-party systems also subjects us to risks faced by those third-party businesses, including operational, security and credit risks. Further, the technology systems of third parties upon which we rely to conduct our business could be compromised in a manner that adversely affects us and our technology systems, information and