trends. If there are changes in the planned use of property and equipment, or if technological changes occur more rapidly than anticipated, the useful lives assigned to these assets may need to be shortened, resulting in the accelerated recognition of depreciation and amortization expense or write-offs in future periods.
The Company may share in the cost of certain restaurant improvements with its franchisees. Since McDonald's generally manages the project and provides up front funding in these instances, during the project the Company estimates which costs are the responsibility of McDonald's and which are the responsibility of the franchisee, and allocates the corresponding costs between Property and equipment and Accounts receivable. Upon the completion of the project, the allocation of costs is finalized and may result in immaterial adjustments to the balances and associated depreciation expense.
Refer to the Property and Equipment footnote on page
54
of this Form 10-K for additional information.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
46
LEASING
The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases (the Company leases the land and generally owns the building) and through improved leases (the Company leases the land and buildings). The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability reflect the present value of the Company’s estimated future minimum lease payments over the lease term, which includes options that are reasonably assured of being exercised, discounted using the rate implicit in each lease, if determinable, or a collateralized incremental borrowing rate considering the term of the lease and particular currency environment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, primarily related to leases of office equipment, are not included in the Lease right-or-use asset or Lease liability and continue to be recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
The Company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components in its lessee portfolio. To the extent that occupancy costs, such as site maintenance, are included in the asset and liability, the impact is immaterial and is generally limited to Company-owned and operated restaurant locations. For franchised locations, which represent the majority of the restaurant portfolio, the related occupancy costs including property taxes, insurance and site maintenance are generally required to be paid by the franchisees as part of the franchise arrangement. In addition, the Company is the lessee under non-restaurant related leases such as office buildings, vehicles and office equipment. These leases are not a material subset of the Company’s lease portfolio.
CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE
Capitalized software is stated at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which primarily ranges from
3
to
10
years. Customer facing software is