Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. There were no significant non-cash impairment charges included in the amounts listed in the table below.
The following table summarizes the balance of accrued expenses related to this strategic initiative (in millions):
Of the $
66
million of restructuring charges incurred in the three months ended March 31, 2025, $
48
million was recorded primarily at Corporate and $
18
million was recorded in the International Operated Markets.
Substantially all of the accrued restructuring balance recorded at March 31, 2025, related to the Company's
Accelerating the Organization
initiative, is expected to be paid out over the next twelve months.
The Company continues to evolve its ways of working by driving efficiency and effectiveness across the organization, primarily led by its Global Business Services ("GBS") organization. Transformation efforts under
Accelerating the Organization
will continue to result in various restructuring charges as the strategy progresses through its anticipated completion during 2027, with $
537
million of total restructuring charges incurred since the initiative commenced in 2023. The Company currently expects to incur approximately $
300
million of restructuring charges in 2025, primarily related to professional services costs.
9
Table of Contents
Equity Method Investments
The Company has various investments accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company records its proportionate share of the net income or loss of each equity method investee, with a corresponding change to the carrying value of the investment. The carrying value of the investment is also adjusted for any dividends received and the effect of foreign exchange. The Company records its proportionate share of net income or loss within the Other operating (income) expense, net line on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. The carrying value of the investments are recorded within the Investments in affiliates line on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has elected to record dividends received from its equity method investments under the nature of distribution approach, which provides for the recording of such distributions within the cash provided by operations section of the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows to the extent that such distributions are from the normal operating or financing activities of the investee.
The Company’s primary equity method investments include partial ownership in Grand Foods Holding, an entity that operates and manages McDonald's business in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, and partial ownership in McDonald’s Japan Holdings Co., Ltd, an entity that operates and manages McDonald’s business in Japan.  The Company has granted these entities the right to operate the McDonald's business as part of a Master Franchise Agreement.  Revenue related to these agreements are accounted for in a manner consistent with the