Company-owned and operated sales performance in the U.S.
Franchised margins represented approximately 90% of restaurant margin dollars.
Company-owned and operated margins reflected negative sales performance in the U.S. and positive sales performance in the International Operated Markets segment. Both segments were also impacted by ongoing inflationary cost pressures.
Total restaurant margins included $1.6
billion of depreciation and amortization expenses in 2024.
RESTAURANT MARGINS BY TYPE (In millions)
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
16
SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
Selling, general & administrative expenses
(1)
Includes corporate office support costs in areas such as facilities, finance, human resources, investments in strategic technology initiatives, legal, marketing, restaurant operations, supply chain and training.
(2)
Includes all cash incentives and share-based compensation expense.
In 2024, consolidated selling, general and administrative expense increased 1% (1% in constant currencies), primarily reflecting investments in digital and technology, including transformation efforts, related to
Accelerating the Organization
and costs related to the 2024 Worldwide Owner/Operator convention, partly offset by lower incentive-based compensation.
Management believes that analyzing selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of Systemwide sales is meaningful because these costs are incurred to support the overall McDonald's business.
SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES AS A PERCENT OF SYSTEMWIDE SALES
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
17
OTHER OPERATING (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET
Other operating (income) expense, net
•
Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net
Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net reflected higher asset write-offs in 2024, whereas 2023 included higher property sale gains.
•
Impairment and other charges (gains), net
In 2024, impairment and other charges (gains), net reflected pre-tax charges of $221 million, primarily related to restructuring charges associated with the Company's internal effort to modernize ways of working (
Accelerating the Organization
) and net pre-tax charges of $70 million, primarily consisting of transaction costs, property sale gains and non-cash impairment charges associated with the sale of McDonald's business in South Korea and transaction costs associated with the acquisition of McDonald's business in Israel.
In 2023, impairment and other charges (gains), net reflected pre-tax charges of $290 million related to the Company's
Accelerating the Arches
growth strategy, including restructuring charges associated with
Accelerating the Organization
and accelerated restaurant closing charges and $72 million of pre-tax charges related to the write-off of impaired software no longer in use.
OPERATING INCOME
Operating income
Operating income reconciliation*
*Refer to the Impairment and other charges (gains), net line within the Other Operating