cash flow methodology (Level 3 inputs within the valuation hierarchy), which determines the fair value of restaurants acquired based on their expected profitability and cash flows. During 2024, the Company acquired restaurants from franchisees (including
228
restaurants in Israel, which are presented within the International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate segment) in order to support key franchising initiatives. Total restaurant acquisitions for the year resulted in the Company recording approximately $
150
million of net tangible assets, $
270
million of identifiable intangible assets (primarily consisting of reacquired franchise rights) and $
240
million of goodwill. These acquisitions did not have a material impact on the amount of recorded revenues or net income of the Company. If a Company-owned and operated restaurant is sold within
24
months of acquisition, the goodwill associated with the acquisition is written off in its entirety. If a Company-owned and operated restaurant is sold beyond
24
months from the acquisition, the amount of goodwill written off is based on the relative fair value of the business sold compared to the reporting unit.
The following table presents the 2024 activity in goodwill by segment:
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
47
The Company conducts goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of each year or whenever indicators of impairment exist. If an indicator of impairment exists, the goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit, generally based on discounted future cash flows, with its carrying amount including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded for the difference. In the current period, the Company performed a qualitative assessment and did not identify any indicators of impairment. Historically, goodwill impairment has not significantly impacted the consolidated financial statements.
Goodwill on the Consolidated Balance Sheet reflects accumulated impairment losses of $
1
million and $
15
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
ADVERTISING COSTS
Advertising costs included in operating expenses of Company-owned and operated restaurants primarily consist of contributions to advertising cooperatives based upon a percent of sales, and were (in millions): 2024–$
355
; 2023–$
347
; 2022–$
335
.
In addition, significant advertising costs are incurred by conventional franchisees through contributions to advertising cooperatives in individual markets that are also based upon a percent of sales. In the markets that make up the vast majority of the Systemwide advertising spend, including the U.S., McDonald’s is not the primary beneficiary of these entities, and therefore has concluded that consolidation would not be appropriate, as the Company does not have the power through voting or similar rights to direct the activities of the cooperatives that most significantly impact their