The Company continues to build relevance with customers through emotional connections and world class creative, which are central to the brand’s “Feel-Good Marketing” approach. This is exemplified by campaigns that elevate the entire brand and continue to be scaled around the globe to connect with customers in authentic and relatable ways. The Company is committed to a marketing strategy that highlights value at every tier of the menu, as providing delicious and affordable menu options remains a cornerstone of the McDonald’s brand. This includes everyday low-price options on our menu, affordable meal bundles, limited-time deals and personalized value and digital offers available in our mobile app.
•
C
ommit to the Core
menu by tapping into customer demand for the familiar and focusing on serving our iconic products that are beloved by customers around the world such as our World Famous Fries, Big Mac, Quarter Pounder and Chicken McNuggets, which are some of our seventeen unique billion-dollar brands. Building on its foundational strength with burgers, the Company will continue to evolve and innovate its longest-standing menu item with plans to implement “Best Burger”; a series of operational and formulation changes designed to deliver hotter, juicier, tastier burgers to nearly all markets by the end of 2026. Further, the Company is focused on continuing to gain share in the rapidly growing chicken category, as we continue to aggressively grow our chicken brands. This includes plans to offer the McCrispy sandwich in nearly all major markets by the end of 2025 and to extend the McCrispy brand into strips and wraps in several markets. These planned innovations and new menu offerings reflect the Company’s ability to meet evolving customer preferences. The Company also continues to see a significant opportunity with beverages and desserts to drive long-term growth.
16
Table of Contents
•
D
ouble Down on the 4D's: Digital, Delivery, Drive Thru and Restaurant Development
by continuing to leverage competitive strengths and building a powerful digital experience growth engine to deliver a personalized and convenient customer experience. As another way to unlock further growth, the Company plans to continue to accelerate the pace of restaurant openings and technology innovation so that whenever and however customers choose to interact with McDonald’s, they can enjoy a fast, easy experience that meets their needs.
◦
Digital:
The Company’s digital experience is transforming how customers order, pay and receive their food. Through digital tools, customers can access personalized offers, participate in a loyalty program, order through our mobile app and receive McDonald's food through the channel of their choice. In the U.S., we are providing increased convenience to customers through “Ready on Arrival”; a digital enhancement that enables crew to begin assembling a customer’s mobile order prior to arrival at the restaurant to expedite service and elevate