ORGANIZATION OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
The order and presentation of content in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K") differs from the traditional U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Form 10-K format. McDonald's Corporation believes the format used in this Form 10-K improves readability and better presents how it organizes and manages its business. See "Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index" for a cross-reference index to the traditional SEC Form 10-K format.
All trademarks used herein are the property of their respective owners and are used with permission.
The information in this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements about future events and circumstances and their effects upon revenues, expenses and business opportunities. Generally speaking, any statement in this Form 10-K not based upon historical fact is a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward-looking or conditional words, such as “could,” “should,” “can,” “continue,” “aim,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “intend,” “look,” “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “remain,” “confident”, “commit,” “enable,” “potential” and “trajectory” or similar expressions. In particular, statements regarding the Company's plans, strategies, prospects and expectations regarding its business and industry, as well as environmental and social impact initiatives and similar commitments, are forward-looking statements. They reflect expectations, are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the dates the statements are made. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include those reflected in the Risk Factors section on page
28
of this Form 10-K and elsewhere in the Company's filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake to update such forward-looking statements. You should not rely unduly on forward-looking statements.
McDonald’s Corporation, the registrant, together with its subsidiaries, is referred to herein as the "Company." The Company, its franchisees and suppliers are referred to herein as the "System."
BUSINESS SUMMARY
GENERAL
For the year ended December 31, 2024, there were no material changes to the Company's corporate structure or in its method of conducting business. Refer to the Segment and Geographic Information section on page
52
of this Form 10-K for additional information.
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS
The Company franchises and owns and operates McDonald’s restaurants, which serve a locally relevant menu of quality food and beverages in communities across more than 100 countries. Of the 43,477 McDonald's restaurants at year-end 2024, approximately
95% were franchised.
The Company’s reporting segments are aligned with its strategic priorities and reflect how management reviews and evaluates operating performance.