restaurant, a concept that is incorporated into Company policies, codes of conduct and guiding principles. The Company is committed to promoting safety in all of the Company’s corporate and other offices and Company-owned and operated restaurants, as well as supporting franchisees to do the same in the restaurants they own and operate.  The Company also works to foster respectful workplaces, where people can be themselves without fear of harassment, discrimination, retaliation or violence, and to help its franchisees do the same in their workplaces.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
4
The Company's Global Brand Standards (which apply to all McDonald’s restaurants, whether Company-owned and operated or franchised) prioritize action in four key areas: protecting employee health and safety, preventing workplace violence, preventing harassment, discrimination and retaliation, and listening through restaurant employee feedback.
The Company's existing procedures include several ways that an individual can report an incident or raise a concern. The Company requires all restaurants to maintain their own reporting process. In addition, the Global Business Integrity Line is available to anyone and allows for concerns to be reported anonymously.
The Company also strives to weave human rights into its day-to-day practices, helping fulfill its commitment to respect the rights of all people and communities who produce, serve, and enjoy McDonald’s food. The Company’s commitment to respect human rights is set out in its Human Rights Policy and is in line with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs). In addition to the Human Rights Policy, the Company has standards, principles and policies to reinforce a culture of integrity and respect, forming the foundation of its efforts to feed and foster communities worldwide. As part of its efforts to promote respect for human rights through its standards, the Company has specifically set policies and guidance to help address and protect populations that may be most vulnerable to human rights violations. For example, the Company’s Responsible and Ethical Recruitment Principles outline standards to prevent the exploitation of migrant workers and ensure responsible recruitment for this population at all McDonald’s restaurants. Additional information about the Company’s human rights approach and focus areas, as well as related policies and standards, can be found on the "Human Rights" section of the Company's website.
Compensation, Benefits, and Talent Development
The compensation and benefits provided to Company employees, including both corporate staff and Company-owned and operated restaurant employees, are established based upon competitive considerations in the relevant labor market. The amount and type of compensation varies by an employee's level and location, and typically includes some combination of the following (in addition to base pay): cash bonuses, stock-based awards,