Company’s revenue, primarily through the payment of rent and royalties based upon a percent of sales, with specified minimum rent payments, along with initial fees paid upon the opening of a new restaurant or grant of a new franchise. The Company's
15
Table of Contents
heavily franchised business model is designed to generate stable and predictable revenue, which is largely a function of franchisee sales, and resulting cash flow streams.
Developmental License or Affiliate
Under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement, licensees are responsible for operating and managing their businesses, providing capital (including the real estate interest) and developing and opening new restaurants. The Company generally does not invest any restaurant capital under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement, and it receives a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally receives initial fees upon the opening of a new restaurant or grant of a new license.
While developmental license and affiliate arrangements are largely the same, affiliate arrangements are used in a limited number of foreign markets (primarily China and Japan) within the International Developmental Licensed Markets as well as a limited number of individual restaurants within the International Operated Markets, where the Company also has an equity investment and records its share of net results in equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates.
Strategic Direction
The Company’s
Accelerating the Arches
growth strategy (the “Strategy”) encompasses all aspects of McDonald’s business as the leading global omni-channel restaurant brand. Our Strategy reflects the Company’s purpose, mission and values, as well as growth pillars that build on the Company’s competitive advantages.
Purpose, Mission and Values
The following purpose, mission and values underpin the Company’s success and are at the heart of our Strategy.
Through its size and scale, the Company embraces and prioritizes its role and commitment to the communities in which it operates through its purpose to feed and foster communities, and its mission to make delicious feel-good moments easy for everyone. The Company is guided by five core values that define who it is and how it runs the business across the three-legged stool of McDonald's franchisees, suppliers and employees:
1.
Serve -
We put our customers and people first;
2.
Inclusion -
We open our doors to everyone;
3.
Integrity -
We do the right thing;
4.
Community -
We are good neighbors; and
5.
Family -
We get better together.
The Company believes that its people, all around the world, set it apart and bring these values to life daily.
Growth Pillars
The following growth pillars, M-C-D, build on historic strengths and articulate areas of further opportunity. Under our Strategy, the Company will:
•
M
aximize our Marketing
by investing in new, culturally relevant approaches, grounded in fan truths, to effectively communicate the story of our brand, food and purpose.