facilities.
13
Table of Contents
*Other segment items is the difference between revenues less the significant expenses disclosed and operating income. This includes other restaurant expenses and other operating expenses included in the Other operating (income) expense, net line within the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income.
**Total depreciation & amortization is included within the respective expense lines disclosed above, such as Company-operated restaurant expenses, Franchised restaurants-occupancy expenses, and Selling, general & administrative expenses.
14
Table of Contents
Item  2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Basis of Presentation
This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto, and the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Certain columns and rows in financial tables within management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated from the underlying whole-dollar amounts for all periods presented.
Overview
The Company franchises and owns and operates McDonald’s restaurants, which serve a locally relevant menu of quality food and beverages in communities across more than 100 countries. Of the 43,756 McDonald's restaurants at March 31, 2025, approximately 95% were franchised.
The Company’s reporting segments are aligned with its strategic priorities and reflect how management reviews and evaluates operating performance. Significant reportable segments include the United States ("U.S.") and International Operated Markets. In addition, there is the International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate, which includes the results of over 75 countries, as well as Corporate activities.
McDonald’s franchised restaurants are owned and operated under one of the following structures - conventional franchise, developmental license or affiliate. The optimal ownership structure for an individual restaurant, trading area or market (country) is based on a variety of factors, including the availability of individuals with entrepreneurial experience and financial resources, as well as the local legal and regulatory environment in critical areas such as property ownership and franchising. The business relationship between the Company and its independent franchisees is supported by adhering to standards and policies, including McDonald's Global Brand Standards, and is of fundamental importance to overall performance and to protecting the McDonald’s brand.
The Company is primarily a franchisor and believes franchising is paramount to delivering great-tasting food, locally relevant customer experiences and driving profitability. Franchising enables an individual to be