using the McDonald’s brand and, for periods prior to its sale on April 1, 2022, third-party revenues for the Company's Dynamic Yield business.
Franchised restaurants represented approximately 95% of McDonald's restaurants worldwide at December 31, 2024. The Company's heavily franchised business model is designed to generate stable and predictable revenue, which is largely a function of franchisee sales, and resulting cash flow streams. In 2024, the Company provided an immaterial amount of assistance, including royalty relief and/or deferral of cash collection for certain franchisees.
In 2024, total Franchised revenues and Company-owned and operated sales increased 1% (1% in constant currencies) benefiting from positive franchised sales performance in the U.S. and International Operated Markets segment. Revenue growth in the International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate segment benefited from the acquisition of McDonald's business in Israel and positive sales performance in the segment, partly offset by the sale of McDonald's business in South Korea.
TOTAL REVENUES BY SEGMENT
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
14
The following tables present comparable sales and Systemwide sales increases/(decreases):
*Unlike comparable sales, the Company has not excluded sales from hyperinflationary markets from Systemwide sales as these sales are the basis on which the Company calculates and records revenues.
Franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the Company, but are the basis on which the Company calculates and records franchised revenues and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. The following table presents franchised sales and the related increases/(decreases):
Franchised sales
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
15
RESTAURANT MARGINS
Franchised restaurant margins are measured as revenues from franchised restaurants less franchised restaurant occupancy costs. Franchised revenues include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales, and initial fees. Franchised restaurant occupancy costs include lease expense and depreciation, as the Company generally owns or secures a long-term lease on the land and building for the restaurant location.
Company-owned and operated restaurant margins are measured as sales from Company-owned and operated restaurants less costs for food & paper, payroll & employee benefits and occupancy & other operating expenses necessary to run an individual restaurant. Company-owned and operated margins exclude costs that are not allocated to individual restaurants, primarily payroll & employee benefit costs of non-restaurant support staff, which are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses.
Restaurant margins
n/m Not meaningful
In 2024, total restaurant margins increased 1% (1% in constant currencies), which benefited from sales-driven growth in the International Operated Markets segment and sales-driven franchised margins in the U.S., partly offset by negative