responsible sourcing. In addition, we are engaging in social impact initiatives, including community engagement and philanthropy; as well as our commitment to inclusion. We have faced increased scrutiny related to reporting on and achieving these initiatives, as well as continued public focus on similar matters, such as packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use. We have also experienced increased pressure from stakeholders to provide expanded disclosure and establish additional commitments, targets or goals, and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to additional market, operational, execution and reputational costs and risks. Moreover, addressing environmental and social impact matters requires Systemwide as well as third party
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
33
coordination and alignment, over which we do not have complete control and which may be unpredictable. The standards by which certain environmental and social impact matters are measured are also evolving and subject to assumptions that could change over time.
Events such as severe weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities, social and geopolitical unrest and climate change, among others, can adversely affect our results and prospects.
Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, social and geopolitical unrest or climate change (or expectations about them) can adversely affect consumer behavior and confidence levels, supply availability and costs and local operations, including temporary restaurant closures and delayed new restaurant openings, in impacted markets, all of which can affect our results and prospects. Climate change may also increase the frequency and severity of weather-related events and natural disasters. Our receipt of proceeds under any insurance we maintain with respect to some of these risks may be delayed or the proceeds may be insufficient to cover our losses fully.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
34
Cybersecurity risk is an important and evolving focus for McDonald’s. Significant resources are devoted to protecting and enhancing the security of computer systems, software, networks, storage devices, and other technology. The Company’s security efforts are designed to protect against, among other things, cybersecurity attacks that can result in unauthorized access to confidential information, the destruction of data, disruptions to or degradations of service, the sabotaging of systems or other damage. McDonald’s has implemented measures and controls that it believes are reasonably designed to address the evolving cybersecurity risk environment, including enhanced threat monitoring. In addition, McDonald’s continues to regularly review its capabilities to address associated risks, such as those relating to the management of administrative access to systems.
Third parties that help to facilitate the Company’s business activities (e.g., franchisees,