customer satisfaction. The Company plans to deploy this initiative in its top six markets by the end of 2025. The Company has successful loyalty programs in 60 markets, including its top six markets. McDonald’s loyalty customers have proven to be highly engaged, and the Company plans to increase its 90-day active users to 250 million by the end of 2027. Further, the Company plans to grow its annual Systemwide sales to loyalty members to $45.0 billion by the end of 2027.
◦
Delivery:
The Company offers delivery from over 38,000 restaurants across approximately 100 markets, representing nearly 90% of McDonald's restaurants. The Company is continuing to build on and enhance the delivery experience for customers, including adding the ability to place a delivery order in our mobile app (a feature that is currently available in five of the Company’s top markets). The Company continues to scale this capability and expects to increase the percentage of Systemwide delivery sales originating from our mobile app to 30% by the end of 2027. The Company also has long-term strategic partnerships with delivery providers that continue to benefit the Company, customers and franchisees by optimizing operational efficiencies and creating a seamless customer experience.
◦
Drive Thru:
The Company has the most drive thru locations worldwide, with nearly 28,000 drive thru locations globally, including over 95% of the over 13,500 locations in the U.S. This channel remains a competitive advantage in meeting customers’ demand for flexibility and choice. McDonald’s network currently provides unmatched scale and convenience for customers, while also offering significant growth opportunities, such as adding additional drive thru lanes to increase capacity and improve speed and efficiency. The Company continues to build on its drive thru advantage, as the vast majority of new restaurant openings in the U.S. and International Operated Markets will include a drive thru.
◦
Restaurant Development:
The Company will continue to accelerate the pace of restaurant openings to attempt to fully capture the demand being driven through our Strategy in many of our largest markets. In 2025, the Company plans to open about 2,200 new restaurants (gross) across the globe, which will contribute to slightly over 4% new unit growth (net of closures). Further, the Company continues to build on its industry-leading development, by progressing toward the targeted expansion to 50,000 restaurants by the end of 2027, which would make it the fastest period of restaurant unit growth in Company history.
Foundation and Platforms
Foundational to our Strategy is keeping the customer and restaurant crew at the center of everything the Company does, along with focusing relentlessly on running great restaurants, empowering our people and continuing to modernize our ways of working. Further, as part of the Company’s plans for long term growth and solidifying McDonald’s leadership position, the Company will