retirement savings programs, and health and welfare benefits. Company employees may also receive paid time off, family care resources, tuition assistance and flexible work schedules.
In 2021, the Company publicly communicated its ongoing commitment to equal pay, which is supported by an annual pay gap analysis that aims to ensure equitable pay practices are consistently implemented and executed across the Company.
Results of the 2024 pay gap analysis demonstrated our commitment by showing that women globally in Company-owned and operated markets were paid 99.93 cents on the dollar in base pay on average of what men were paid for similar work. Further, there was no base pay gap disfavoring underrepresented groups in the U.S. These results indicate the Company substantially attained equal pay, and in 2025 intends to continue its commitment to close pay gaps identified in annual equal pay analyses.
The Company follows Global Pay Principles to ensure that fair pay practices are understood and consistently implemented for all Company employees; these principles enforce its understanding that pay should be competitive, non-discriminatory, performance-based, understandable, and compliant with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements and standards.
Additionally, the Company has a long-standing commitment to providing training, education benefits and career path opportunities that empower its people. Learning and development is a competitive advantage to McDonald’s and a true differentiator to its employee value proposition. McDonald’s Hamburger University has multiple learning centers around the world, as well as online resources, that provide training for Company employees, as well as franchisees and their eligible employees. The Company is committed to providing opportunities for people to enhance their skills and fulfill their potential through talent development programs, apprenticeship opportunities, and language and technical skill training and support for continuing education, as it believes this helps to facilitate talent attraction, career development, and retention.
Communities
The Company aims to build strong and inclusive connections that deliver on the needs of the communities McDonald’s serves, because the Company believes that doing so is consistent with the Company’s business objectives and values. The Company is focused on partnering with organizations that share the Company’s core values, harnessing its size and influence to help maximize collective impact, while also strengthening relationships with the communities in which it operates. The Company’s strategy focuses on three key strategic outcome areas - Supporting Families, Times of Need, and Opportunity Employment.
The Company is proud to support Ronald McDonald House Charities (“RMHC”) and their global network of over 255 local chapters in more than 60 countries and regions in their mission to provide essential services to remove barriers, strengthen families and promote