provided by operations section of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows to the extent that such distributions are from the normal operating or financing activities of the investee.
The Company’s primary equity method investments include partial ownership in Grand Foods Holding, an entity that operates and manages McDonald's business in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, and partial ownership in McDonald’s Japan Holdings Co., Ltd, an entity that operates and manages McDonald’s business in Japan. The Company has granted these entities the right to operate the McDonald's business as part of a Master Franchise Agreement. Revenue related to these agreements are accounted for in a manner consistent with the Company’s other franchise arrangements.
The following table summarizes the amounts related to the Company’s primary equity method investees during the periods presented.
On January 30, 2024, the Company acquired an additional
28
% ownership stake in Grand Foods Holding from the global investment firm Carlyle in exchange for $
1.8
billion in cash. The acquisition increased the Company's equity ownership to
48
%, but did not result in control of the entity. As such, the Company remains a minority partner and will continue to account for the investment under the equity method.
As of
December 31, 2024
, the aggregate carrying amount of the Company's investments in these equity method investees exceeded its proportionate share of the net assets of these equity method investees by $
1.5
billion. This difference is not amortized. Management has concluded that there are no indicators of impairment related to these investments.
The following table summarizes the amounts recorded related to the Company's primary equity method investments during the year ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
58
Income before provision for income taxes, classified by source of income, was as follows:
The provision for income taxes, classified by the timing and location of payment, was as follows:
Net deferred tax (assets) liabilities consisted of:
At December 31, 2024, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of $
819
million, of which $
762
million has an indefinite carryforward. The remainder will expire at various dates from 2025 to 2041.
The statutory U.S. federal income tax rate reconciles to the effective income tax rates as follows:
McDonald's Corporation
2024 Annual Report
59
Results for 2023 reflected income tax benefits primarily related to global audit progression and deferred tax adjustments. Results for 2022 reflected $
239
million of net tax benefits related to the sale of the Company’s Russia and Dynamic Yield businesses and the unfavorable impact of the non-deductible $
537
million of non-operating expense related to the settlement of a tax audit in France.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled $
461
million and $
588
million,