operates through its
purpose
to feed and foster communities, and its
mission
to make delicious feel-good moments easy for everyone. The Company is guided by five
core values
that define who it is and how it runs the business across the three-legged stool of McDonald’s franchisees, suppliers, and employees:
1.
Serve
– We put our customers and people first;
2.
Inclusion
– We open our doors to everyone;
3.
Integrity
– We do the right thing;
4.
Community
– We are good neighbors; and
5.
Family
– We get better together.
The Company believes that its people, all around the world, set it apart and bring these values to life daily.
HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The Company’s people strategies aim to support an inclusive environment that represents the communities in which it operates. To do this, the Company offers quality training and learning opportunities and upholds high standards of health and safety designed to create and maintain a safe and respectful workplace for its employees. In support of the Company’s values, the Company’s annual incentive plan holds the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Executive Officers accountable for efforts that drive employee engagement and our values.
You can find more information about the Company's human capital management and related initiatives in our 2023-2024 Purpose & Impact Report and on the “Our Purpose & Impact” section of the Company’s website.
People
Company employees, which include those in the Company's corporate and other offices as well as in Company-owned and operated restaurants, totaled over 150,000 worldwide as of year-end 2024, of which approximately 70% were based outside of the U.S. In addition to Company employees, the over two million individuals who work in McDonald's franchised restaurants around the world are critical to the Company’s success, enabling it to drive long-term value creation and further its purpose and mission. People are at the cornerstone of the Company's business and an essential part of the System.
Commitment to Inclusion
Inclusion is one of the Company’s core values, which it strives to integrate into business operations to deliver an inclusive experience for stakeholders—including employees, franchisees, suppliers, customers and the communities in which the Company operates.
Grounded in the Company's values, the Company believes in treating everyone with dignity, fairness and respect, always. There are four guiding principles the Company applies to evaluate its work: (i) our system thrives when we are shaped by the communities in which we operate, (ii) our early and full adoption of inclusion gives us a competitive advantage, (iii) individuals perform their best when they feel they belong and (iv) our priority is to be a responsible business, acting lawfully and being responsive to the business environment.
Safe & Respectful Workplaces
The Company believes that it has a responsibility to help protect the health and safety of anyone who works at or enters a McDonald’s