business. Each of these indicators provides a different measure of the level of activity on our ecosystem, which we use to monitor the performance of the business.
(1)
Figures have been calculated using rounded amounts. Growth calculations based on this table may not total due to rounding.
(2)
Fintech monthly active users is defined as Fintech payers and/or collectors as of March 31, 2025, that, during the last month of the reporting period, performed at least one of the following actions during such month: 1) made a debit or credit card payment, 2) made a QR code payment, 3) made an off-platform online payment using our checkout or link of payment solutions while logged in to our Mercado Pago fintech platform, 4) made an investment or employed any of our savings solutions, 5) purchased an insurance policy, 6) took out a loan through our lending solution, or 7) received the payment from a sale or transaction either on or off marketplace.
(3)
Unique active buyers is defined as users that have performed at least one purchase on the Mercado Libre Marketplace during the reported period.
(4)
Total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions completed through the Mercado Libre Marketplace, excluding Classifieds transactions.
(5)
Number of items that were sold/purchased through the Mercado Libre Marketplace, excluding Classifieds items.
(6)
Total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions paid for using Mercado Pago, including marketplace and non-marketplace transactions, excluding peer-to-peer transactions.
(7)
Total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions settled using our Mercado Pago and Mercado Pago's payment processing and settling services in marketplace and non-marketplace transactions and consist of the following transactions volume: 1) point of sale payment volume, 2) commerce payment volume through our Mercado Libre Marketplace, 3) online payment volume through our checkout or link payment solution for merchants, and 4) QR code payment volume.
(8)
Number of all transactions paid for using Mercado Pago, excluding peer-to-peer transactions.
(9
) Net interest margins after losses (“NIMAL”) represents the annualized ratio between the total credit revenues (excluding the results of sale of loans receivables) less funding costs and provision for doubtful accounts for the period (excluding the results of sale of loans receivables) and total average gross loans receivable for the period. Management uses NIMAL to monitor how effective our pricing is and managing the credit products relative to their risk and setting targets. Accordingly, Management is of the opinion that NIMAL provides useful information to investors and others related to our risk appetite through the different periods and shows how we effectively prices risk.
49
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance
To supplement our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we present earnings before interest income