Our risk committee is comprised of the Chief Financial Officer, Commerce President, Fintech President and the Heads of Corporate Affairs, Risk & Compliance, Data Privacy, Information Security, AML & Sanctions, Legal & Government Relations, Commerce Product Development, Fintech Product Development and IT Infrastructure. The primary purpose of the risk committee is to assist management and the board, either directly or indirectly through the board’s Audit Committee, with their oversight of the Company’s financial and non-financial risks, including cybersecurity risks.
Our Cybersecurity VP and certain other members of our risk committee are skilled in technology, security and/or risk and compliance. Our Cybersecurity VP is a certified information systems security professional and has considerable experience in the field of information security, fraud and prevention.
As part of our cybersecurity risk management processes, our Cybersecurity VP presents security risk matters to the risk committee on an as-necessary basis and to the Audit Committee annually and on an as-necessary basis. The risk committee also meets quarterly and presents to management the status, evolution and main indicators of each principal security risk, although information security may not be deemed a risk in each particular quarter.
In the event of a critical cybersecurity incident, the Company’s crisis management framework activates the cross-functional crisis management team, which, depending on the circumstances, is comprised of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Commerce President, Fintech President, Corporate Affairs Executive VP, Marketing Executive VP and the Cybersecurity VP. This group works with the incident response team to help to evaluate, contain, eradicate and, if necessary, recover from the incident.
The Company’s cybersecurity processes are formally evaluated by the Cybersecurity VP on an annual basis, which includes updating the Company’s cybersecurity policy, security risk management policy and methodology, and classification of information.
Board of directors
The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for the oversight of cybersecurity risks and threats. To fulfill this responsibility, the Audit Committee, assisted, as appropriate, by the risk committee, oversees the risk management framework, including risk assessment and risk management policies and procedures established by management to identify, evaluate, measure and manage existing and potential cybersecurity risks faced by the Company. Annually and on an as-necessary basis, individual members of management and/or of the risk committee provide presentations to the
Audit Committee
regarding cybersecurity matters, including any material risks. These presentations include information regarding cybersecurity risks, the evolution of those risks and initiatives to optimize and improve the processes of cybersecurity. Further, in the event of a specific