the BPP. Furthermore, in some specific circumstances, the Company enters into insurance contracts with third-party insurance companies in order to cover contingencies that may arise from the BPP. Provisions for BPP represent the Company’s estimate of probable losses based on its historical experience. The charge for the provision for BPP is recognized in sales and marketing expense line of the consolidated statements of income. See Note 16 – Commitments and Contingencies of these audited consolidated financial statements for further details.
Share-based payments
The liability related to the variable portion of the long term retention programs is remeasured at fair value. See Note 17 – Long term retention program of these audited consolidated financial statements for more details.
Meli Dólar liability
Meli Dólar is a stablecoin issued by the Company that is pegged to the U.S. dollar. Members of the Company’s loyalty program receive their cashback in Meli Dólar and all Mercado Pago users can buy, hold and sell the stablecoin without any fees. The Company has elected to measure the liability related to the Meli Dólar program, which corresponds to the holding by third-parties of the Company’s stablecoin, at fair value.
Treasury stock
Equity instruments of the Company that are repurchased by the Company are recognized at cost and deducted from equity. If the repurchase of the Company’s stock is carried out at a price significantly in excess of the current market price, there is a presumption that the repurchase price includes amounts attributable to items other than the stock repurchased; therefore, the Company uses the quoted market price of the common stock for purposes of determining the fair value of the treasury stock. See Note 24 – Share repurchase program of these audited consolidated financial statements for further details.
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income is comprised of two components, net income and other comprehensive (loss) income. This last component is defined as all other changes in the equity of the Company that result from transactions other than with shareholders. Other comprehensive (loss) income includes t
he cumulative adjustment relating to the translation of the financial statements of the Company’s fo
reign subsidiaries, unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as available-for-sale, on hedging activities and the corresponding tax effects.
Total comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 amounted to $
1,281
million, $
1,161
million and $
533
million, respectively.
95
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Foreign currency translation
All of the Company’s foreign operations have determined the local currency to be their functional currency, except for Argentina, which has used the U.S. dollar as its functional currency since July 1, 2018. Accordingly, the foreign subsidiaries with local currency as functional currency translate assets and liabilities from their local