e-commerce platform; through Mercado Envios, MercadoLibre facilitates the shipping of goods from the Company and sellers to buyers; through the advertising products, MercadoLibre facilitates advertising services for large retailers and brands to promote their products and services on the web; through Mercado Shops, MercadoLibre allows users to set-up, manage, and promote their own online web-stores under a subscription-based business model; through the lending solution, MercadoLibre extends loans to certain merchants and consumers; and through Mercado Fondo, MercadoLibre allows users to invest funds deposited in their Mercado Pago accounts.
As of December 31, 2024, MercadoLibre, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, operated online e-commerce platforms directed towards Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Peru, Mexico, Panama, Honduras, Nicaragua, El Salvador, Uruguay, Bolivia, Guatemala, Paraguay and Venezuela. Additionally, MercadoLibre's fintech platform, Mercado Pago, is present in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Peru, Uruguay and Ecuador.
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of consolidation
The accompanying audited consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and consolidated Variable Interest Entities (“VIE”). Investments in entities where the Company holds joint control, but not control, over the investee are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had no investments where it has the ability to exercise joint control. These audited consolidated financial statements are stated in U.S. dollars, except for where otherwise indicated. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated for consolidation purposes.
Substantially all net revenues and financial income, cost of net revenues and financial expenses and operating expenses, are generated in the Company’s foreign operatio
ns. Long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill and operating lease right-of-use assets located in the foreign jurisdictions totaled $
2,632
million and $
2,321
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The presentation of certain prior year figures has been modified to conform to the current year presentation. Also, see below section "Change in the presentation of certain financial results and reclassification of prior years results" for information regarding the change in the presentation of the statements of income and section Recently Adopted Accounting Standards of this note for other changes.
Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)
A VIE is an entity (i) that has insufficient equity to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (ii) that has equity investors who lack the characteristics of a controlling