cost using commercially available software. While we are currently a market leader in a number of the markets in which we operate, we currently or potentially could compete with marketplace operators, businesses that offer business-to-consumer online e-commerce services or others with a focus on specific vertical categories, as well as brick and mortar retailers that have launched online offerings. Over the past few years, we have seen competition intensify not only as local players grow their e-commerce businesses, but also as international players expand, mainly in Brazil and Mexico.
The financial services market is also becoming increasingly competitive with the growth of several fintech companies established in Latin America. With respect to our payments’ business, Mercado Pago competes with existing digital and offline payment methods, including banks and other providers of traditional payment methods that service both merchants and individuals. Mercado Pago also competes in the rapidly evolving fintech space with local and strong global players that offer digital financial services such as access to credit, virtual and physical cards, insurance, savings accounts, and asset management.
The advertising market in Latin America is dominated by large, global companies that are able to deploy solutions and technology from their home markets and international operations into the region. These companies are able to offer advertisers access to large audiences, and the competition to serve those audiences is intense. We also compete against a range of local players in the traditional media space, as well as bricks and mortar retailers who can provide advertisers with access to physical and online inventory.
In the classifieds market, we compete with regional and local players with general or verticalized focus. In addition, we face competition from a number of large online communities and services that have expertise in developing e-commerce, facilitating online interaction, or both. Other large companies with strong brand recognition and experience in e-commerce, such as large newspapers or media companies, also compete in the online listing market in Latin America.
Intellectual Property Rights
Our intellectual property ("IP") rights are critical to our future success and rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent designs, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions, among others.
We pursue the registration of our intangible assets in each country where we operate. Our main trademarks and domain names are duly protected in the countries where we have our main operations, however, we may not have effective protection or it might not be granted to us by the appropriate regulatory authority in every country where our services are available online, meaning our ability to protect our brands against third-party infringement would be compromised and we could face claims by third-party trademark owners. See “Item 1A. Risk factors—Intellectual