information and material disseminated through our platforms
We have received in the past, and anticipate that we will receive in the future, complaints alleging that certain items listed or sold through the Mercado Libre Marketplace or Mercado Shops or using Mercado Pago, or delivered by Mercado Envios infringe third-party copyrights, trademarks and/or other IP rights. Content owners and other IP owners have been active in asserting their rights against online companies, including us. Our user policy prohibits any content or sale of goods that may infringe third-party IP rights and we may, proactively, or at the request of any IP owner who enrolls in our notice and takedown mechanism, the Brand Protection Program, remove listings based on violations of our policies, as well as sanction any user who infringes third-party IP rights.
Despite these measures and our efforts to combat IP infringement, we are not able to prevent all misappropriation, violation or infringement of IP rights—and some IP owners may consider our efforts insufficient. Mercado Libre was included on the United States Trade Representative’s Notorious Markets List for 2020 and also on the European Commission’s 2020 Counterfeit and Piracy Watch List. Although we were removed from both watchlists in 2022, and we were not included again since then, we anticipate that we may continue to be nominated or included in these and/or any other similar watchlists. We have also received, and anticipate that we may continue to receive, legal claims from content and IP owners alleging violations of their IP rights and also from users affected by listing takedowns and account restrictions, which could result in substantial monetary damages awards, penalties or costly injunctions against us, as well as adversely affect our reputation. It is also possible that new laws and regulations may be adopted with respect to intermediary liability or mandatory out-of-court procedures to resolve any disputes related to intermediary liability that could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
It is also possible that third parties could bring claims against us for defamation, libel, invasion of privacy, negligence, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials disseminated through our platforms, particularly by our users. If we are held liable or potentially liable for information carried on or disseminated through our platforms, we may have to pay monetary damages, be subject to enforcement actions, injunctions, fines or penalties, and it may have an adverse impact on our business model, including our level of exposure to liability. Any measures we may need to implement to reduce that exposure may involve spending substantial resources and/or discontinuing certain services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, public attention to liability issues, lawsuits and legislative proposals could have an