standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Allowance for doubtful accounts on loans receivable
Description of the matter
As more fully described
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts on loans receivable, based on Management’s estimate of the current expected credit losses (CECL estimate). This allowance as of December 31, 2024
, amounts to 1,708 million U.S. dollars as disclosed in Note 7, which
represents a probability-weighted amount, determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes and reasonable and supportable information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
The Company’s CECL estimate is determined based on probability-weighed scenarios of default over the life of the loans receivable. Probability of default models are estimated using a complex statistical model, which estimates the future default rate. The Company estimates monthly default probabilities for each delinquency bucket, type of product and country. These probabilities of default are combined with a set of Loss Given Default parameters, which depend on days past due, type of product and country, and are estimated by measuring an average of historical recovery rates from defaulted credits.
Auditing the CECL estimate was complex and required the application of significant judgment due to the inherent complexity of the models, assumptions and the interrelationship of the variables used in measuring the