relating to the Company’s long term retention program, fair value of certain loans payable and other financial liabilities, fair value of loans receivable, fair value of derivative instruments, income taxes, contingencies and determination of the incremental borrowing rate at commencement date of lease operating agreements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash and cash equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less since holding the investment, consisting primarily of money market funds, time deposits and U.S. and foreign government debt securities, to be cash equivalents.
The Company’s Management assesses balances for credit losses included in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, except for those recorded at fair value with impact on the consolidated statements of income, based on a review of the average period for which the financial asset is held, credit ratings of the financial institutions and probability of default and loss given default models. The Company did not recognize any material credit loss on the cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Time deposits are valued at amortized cost plus accrued interest. Money market funds, U.S. and foreign government debt securities (including Central Bank of Brazil and Central Bank of Uruguay mandatory guarantees) are valued at fair value. See Note 11 – Fair value measurement of assets and liabilities of these audited consolidated financial statements for further details.
Investments
Time deposits are valued at amortized cost plus accrued interest.
Corporate debt securities classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of the related tax provisions or benefits.
Investments in equity securities without a readily determinable fair value are held at cost less impairment.
89
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
U.S. and foreign government debt securities (including Central Bank of Brazil and Central Bank of Uruguay mandatory guarantees) are valued at fair value. See Note 11 – Fair value measurement of assets and liabilities of these audited consolidated financial statements for further details.
Investments are classified as current or non-current depending on their maturity dates or when it is expected to be converted into cash, depending on the investment.
The Company’s Management assesses balances for credit losses included in short and long-term investments, except for those recorded at fair value with impact on the consolidated statements of income, based on a review of the average period for which the financial asset is held, credit ratings of the financial institutions and probability of default and loss given default models. The Company did not recognize