and are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value.
The Company accounts for an allowance for recoverability of inventories based on Management’s analysis of the inventories, aging, consumption patterns, as well as the lower of cost or net realizable value.
Third-party sellers whose products are stored at the Company’s fulfillment centers, maintain the ownership of their inventories hence these products are not included in Company’s inventories balances.
Property and equipment, net
Property and equipment are recorded at their acquisition cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.
Costs related to the planning and post implementation phases of website development are recorded as an operating expense.
Direct costs incurred in the development phase of website are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of
three years
. During 2024 and 2023, the Company capitalized $
292
million and $
240
million, respectively.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Leases that grant the Company an option to purchase the underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise and leases with a lease term for the major part of the remaining economic life of the underlying asset are classified as finance leases. Right-of-use (“ROU”) assets acquired under finance leases are recorded in “Property and equipment, net.” All other leases are classified as operating leases. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, which is a non-monetary asset, and lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease, which is a monetary liability.
Lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses incremental borrowing rates and internal rate of return for operating and finance leases, respectively, based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The lease ROU asset also includes any lease prepaid payments made. In addition, the Company elected to not separate lease components, except for aircraft for which the Company allocates payments to the lease and other services components based on estimated stand-alone prices. The Company also elected to keep leases with an initial term of 12 months or less off of the balance sheet.
92
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
When the Company has the option to extend the lease term, terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date, or purchase the leased asset, and it is reasonably certain that the Company