funding cost related to our lending business; and ii) $61 million increase in sales and marketing expenses mainly due to an increase in online and offline marketing expenses and chargebacks.
55
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our main cash requirement has been working capital to fund Mercado Pago financing operations and our lending business. We also require cash for capital expenditures related to technology infrastructure, software applications, office space, business acquisitions, to build out our logistics capacity and to make interest payments on our loans payable and other financial liabilities.
We have funded Mercado Pago mainly by selling credit card receivables and through credit lines. Additionally, we have financed our Mercado Pago and lending businesses through the securitization of credit card receivables and certain loans through SPEs created in Brazil, Mexico, Chile and Argentina. Finally, we obtained funding through our financial institution in Brazil through deposit certificates, financial bills and loans from banks. Refer to Note 18 – Loans payable and other financial liabilities and Note 21 – Securitization transactions of our audited consolidated financial statements for further detail.
We committed to purchase cloud platform and other technology services for a total minimum aggregate purchase commitment of $3,215 million. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining purchase commitment is $3,102 million.
On September 27, 2024, we entered into a $400 million amended and restated revolving credit agreement (the “Amended and Restated Credit Agreement”). The interest rates under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are based on Term SOFR (“Secured Overnight Funding Rate”) plus an interest margin of 1.00% per annum, which may be decreased to 0.90% per annum or increased to 1.15% per annum depending on our debt rating, as further provided under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. We are also obligated to pay a commitment fee on the unused amounts of the facility at a rate per annum equal to 25% of the then Applicable Margin, depending on our debt rating, as further provided under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2024, no amounts had been borrowed under the facility. See Note 18 – Loans payable and other financial liabilities of our audited consolidated financial statements for further detail.
On April 8, 2022, we signed a 10-year agreement with Gol Linhas Aereas S.A. under which we committed to contract a minimum amount of air logistics services for a total cost of $284 million (portion allocated to the services component of the agreement). As of December 31, 2024, the remaining purchase commitment is $233 million.
Since October 2023, we signed 3-year agreements with certain shipping companies in Brazil, under which we committed to contract a minimum amount of logistics services for a total cost of $49 million. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining purchase