guidance in the fourth quarter of 2024. Please refer to Note 10 – Segments of these audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.
On January 23, 2025, the SEC issued the Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 122 to rescind the interpretive guidance in SAB No. 121 regarding the accounting for obligations to safeguard crypto-assets that an entity holds for platform users. SAB No. 122 is effective upon publication in the Federal Register and applies to entities on a fully retrospective basis in annual periods beginning after 15 December 2024. The changes can be applied in any earlier interim or annual period included in filings after the effective date. The Company adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of 2024, removing both the “Customer crypto-assets safeguarding assets” and the “Customer crypto-assets safeguarding liabilities” line items from the consolidated balance sheets, with retrospective application (the amount of the related asset and liability as of December 31, 2023 arose to $
34
million). This adoption did not have an impact on previously reported net income, earnings per share, retained earnings or other components of equity or total equity.
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued the ASU 2023-09 “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures”. The amendments in this update provide more transparency about income tax information through improvements to income tax disclosures primarily related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information, requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. The other amendments in this update improve the effectiveness and comparability of disclosures by adding disclosures of pretax income (or loss) and income tax expense (or benefit) and removing disclosures that no longer are considered cost beneficial or relevant. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The guidance should be applied on a prospective basis while retrospective application is permitted. The Company is assessing the effects that the adoption of this accounting pronouncement may have on its financial statements.
On November 4, 2024, the FASB issued the ASU 2024-03 “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses”. The amendments in this update improve financial reporting by requiring disclosure of additional information about certain costs and expenses in the notes to financial statements at interim and annual reporting, such as the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization included in each relevant expense caption; a