many of whom have historically been underserved or overlooked by financial institutions and therefore suffer from a lack of access to credit. Facilitating credit is a key service overlay that enables us to further strengthen the engagement and lock-in rate of our users, while also generating additional touchpoints and incentives to use Mercado Pago as an end-to-end financial solution. Our distribution capabilities and in-depth understanding of our customers’ behavior and merchants’ sales on the Mercado Libre Marketplace combined with machine learning ("ML") and artificial intelligence ("AI") algorithms have allowed us to develop our own proprietary credit risk models with unique data that differentiate our scoring from traditional financial institutions. These models enable us to understand and better predict the behavior of our user and originate loans while maintaining acceptable levels of uncollectible debts.
We offer credit lines to merchants that sell on our Marketplace and merchants that use our online, POS and QR payments processing services. Because our online merchants’ business flows through Mercado Pago, we are able to collect principal and interest payments from their existing sales on Mercado Libre’s Marketplace, meaningfully reducing the risk of uncollectability on the loans we originate to our merchants.
Consumers can access credit lines once we score and approve them through our proprietary models. Loans can be used for a purchase on the Mercado Libre Marketplace, or on third party sites that use our payments processing technology. Since 2019, we also extend personal loans to recurring consumer credit borrowers, allowing them to buy products and services outside of our platform via the Mercado Pago digital account. In 2021, we launched the Mercado Pago credit card in Brazil, and this was followed by Mexico in 2023. It is free, internationally accepted, digitally managed and can be used on- and off-platform. Additionally, in Brazil we offer asset-backed loans to ease the acquisition of cars through financing granted to our users.
Our asset management product, which is available in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Chile, is a critical pillar of our financial services offering that enables us to compete with large banks. This product offers remuneration on balances held in the Mercado Pago digital account that is greater than traditional checking and savings accounts. This enables our users to earn a return with funds remaining available for withdrawal or to make payments without their funds being tied up in a time deposit. This product is another way in which we have innovated to promote financial inclusion in a region where there are many underbanked or unbanked consumers. In 2022, we launched savings products in Brazil that enable users to purchase certificates of deposit, which have a higher return than our basic asset management product. In partnership with a third party, we also launched three investment fund options in Brazil,