next 12 months.
Fair value hedges
The Company has entered into swap contracts to hedge the interest rate and the foreign currency exposure of its fixed-rate, foreign currency financial debt held by its Brazilian subsidiaries. The Company designated the swap contracts as fair value hedges. The derivatives’ gain or loss is reported in the interim condensed consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the financial debt due to the hedged risks. Since the terms of the interest rate swaps match the terms of the hedged debts, changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged debts attributable to changes in interest rates. Accordingly, the net impact in current earnings is that the interest expense associated with the hedged debts is recorded at the floating rates.
The Company also uses future contracts to hedge the interest rate exposure of its asset-backed loan portfolio originated in Brazil. In these cases, where the assets included in the portfolio shared the same risk exposure, the Company designated the future contracts as fair value hedges under the portfolio layer method. The derivatives’ gain or loss is reported in the interim condensed consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the financial assets due to the hedged risks. Accordingly, the Company will unlock its portfolio's fixed-rate to mitigate the effect of interest rate fluctuations.
Net investment hedge
The Company used cross currency swap contracts, to reduce the foreign currency exchange risk related to its investment in its Brazilian foreign subsidiaries and the interest rate risk. This derivative was designated as a net investment hedge and, accordingly, gains and losses are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The derivatives’ gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into the interim condensed consolidated statements of income in the “Interest expense and other financial losses” and “Foreign currency losses, net” line items, in the same period that the interest expense affects earnings.  As of March 31, 2025, there are no outstanding derivatives hedging the interest rate fluctuation of the financial debt designated as cash flow hedges.
30
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Notes to unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments
The Company entered into certain foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge the foreign currency fluctuations related to certain transactions denominated in U.S. dollars of certain of its Brazilian subsidiaries, whose functional currencies are the Brazilian Real. These transactions were not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. As of March 31, 2025, there are no outstanding derivatives hedging the foreign