credit card), resulting in an increase in the average balance of the loans receivable portfolio of 62.8%.
48
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
General and administrative expenses
Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries for management and administrative staff, compensation of non-employee directors, long term retention program compensation, expenses for legal, audit and other professional services, contingencies, insurance expenses, office space rental expenses, changes in the fair value (for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023) and impairment (for the year ended December 31, 2022) of digital assets, travel and business expenses, as well as depreciation and amortization expenses. Our general and administrative expenses include the costs of the following areas: general management, finance, treasury, internal audit, administration, accounting, tax, legal and human resources. The following table presents general and administrative expenses for the years indicated:
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the increase in general and administrative expenses as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily attributable to a: i) $72 million increase in contingencies; ii) $61 million increase in salaries and wages, mainly related to the increase of 17% in general and administrative headcount and increases in amounts accrued under the LTRPs as a consequence of the increase in our common stock price; and iii) $33 million increase in other general and administrative expenses mainly related to higher tax withholding in connection with intercompany export services billing duties.
Operating income margins
Our operating income margin is defined as income from operations as a percentage of net revenues and financial income.
Our operating income margin is affected by our operating expenses structure, which mainly consists of our employees’ salaries, our sales and marketing expenses related to those activities we incurred to promote our services, provision for doubtful accounts mainly related to our loans receivable portfolio and product and technology development expenses, among other operating expenses. As we continue to grow and focus on expanding our leadership in the region, we will continue to invest in product and technology development, sales and marketing and human resources in order to promote our services and capture long-term business opportunities. As a result, we may experience decreases in our operating income margins.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, our operating margin decreased from a margin of 14.6% to a margin of 12.7%. This decrease was mainly explained by an increase in cost of net revenues and financial expenses as a percentage of net revenues and financial income, mainly due to an increase in the share of shipping services where we act as principal as opposed to agent, and provision of doubtful accounts, as a percentage of net revenues