$377 million increase in shipping operating and carrier costs mainly due to an increase in the share of shipping services where we act as principal, as opposed to agent; ii) $176 million increase in cost of sales of goods mainly in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina; iii) $113 million increase in collection fees, which was mainly attributable to our Argentinian, Brazilian and Mexican operations as a result of the higher growth of total payment volume of Mercado Pago in those countries; iv) $89 million increase in sales taxes; v) $68 million increase in other fintech costs mainly related to higher funding costs in connection with our lending business; and vi) $32 million increase in hosting and site operation fees.
Our subsidiaries in Brazil, Argentina and Colombia are subject to certain taxes on revenues and financial income, which are classified as a cost of net revenues and financial expenses. These taxes represented 6.7% of net revenues and financial income for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, and 7.1% for the same period in 2024.
Gross profit margins
Our gross profit margin is defined as total net revenues and financial income minus total cost of net revenues and financial expenses, as a percentage of net revenues and financial income.
Our cost structure is directly affected by the level of operations of our services, and our strategic plan on gross profit is built on factors such as an ample liquidity to fund expenses and investments and a cost-effective capital structure.
For the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, our gross profit margins were 46.7%.
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, our gross profit margin remained stable, resulted primarily from an increase in our shipping carrier costs and cost of sales of goods, as a percentage of net revenues and financial income, offset by a decrease of our shipping operating costs, customer experience expenses, sales taxes and collection fees, as a percentage of net revenues and financial income.
In the future, our gross profit margin could decline if we maintain the growth of our sales of goods business, which has a lower pure product margin, building up our logistics network and if we fail to maintain an appropriate relationship between our cost of revenue structure and our net revenues and financial income trend.
39
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Product and technology development expenses
Our product and technology development related expenses consist primarily of compensation for our engineering and web-development staff (including long term retention program compensation), depreciation and amortization expenses related to product and technology development, certain tax withholding related to export duties, telecommunications costs and payments to third-party suppliers who provide technology maintenance services to us. The following table presents product and technology development expenses for the periods