other kind of denial of service related attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, terrorism, public health crises (including pandemics), extreme weather (including as a result of climate change) and similar events. The public cloud providers we use could also decide to close their facilities or be required to suspend the provision of services.
Any steps that we may take to upgrade and improve the stability and efficiency of our information technology may not be sufficient to avoid defects or disruptions in our technology infrastructure, which could cause a disruption in our business and adversely impact our financial results. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. We do not have insurance coverage to compensate for any related losses. Any errors, defects, disruptions, interruptions, delays or cessation of service could result in significant disruptions to our business that could ultimately be more expensive, time consuming and resource-intensive than anticipated. We have experienced and will likely continue to experience defects or disruptions in our technology infrastructure, including system interruptions and delays that make our site and services unavailable or slow to respond for periods of time, which could adversely impact our ability to process transactions on our sites, apps or fulfill shipments, which could reduce our revenue, violate applicable regulations, adversely affect our reputation with or result in the loss of users and negatively impact our financial results.
32
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
We are subject to security breaches, disruption and confidential data theft from our systems, which can adversely affect our reputation and business
A significant risk to our business lies both in the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks and in the continuity of our operations, given our heavy reliance on technology. We rely on encryption, authentication, data protection, infrastructure and application security hardening, monitoring and response measures to safeguard our systems and securely transmit confidential information. However, advances in computing capabilities, new discoveries in cryptography or other unforeseen events may compromise the technology we use to protect customer transaction data. There is no assurance that the security measures we have put in place will be effective in every case, and our response process to incidents may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not be fast enough to prevent or limit harm or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. Failures and breaches in security could result in a negative impact for us and for our customers, adversely affecting our and our customers’ businesses, assets, revenues, brands and reputations, disrupting our operations and resulting in penalties, fines, litigation, regulatory proceedings,