will exercise the option, the Company considers the option in determining the classification and measurement of the lease. The Company’s leases may include variable payments based on measures that include changes in price indices, market interest rates, or the level of sales at a physical store, which are expensed as incurred.
Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease ROU assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, or over the remaining useful life of the underlying asset if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise the purchase option, when applicable. The interest component of a finance lease is included in “Interest expense and other financial losses” within the consolidated statements of income, and recognized using the effective interest method over the lease term.
The Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are amortized over the lease period into Cost of net revenues and financial expenses and operating expenses, and the recorded liabilities are accreted to the future value of the estimated retirement costs.
Goodwill and intangible assets
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination.
Intangible assets consist of customer lists, trademarks, licenses and others, non-solicitation, non-compete agreements and hubs network acquired in business combinations and valued at fair value at the acquisition date. Intangible assets with definite useful life are amortized over the period of estimated benefit to be generated by those assets and using the straight-line method; their estimated useful lives range from
three
to
twelve years
. Trademarks with indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization, but are subject to an annual impairment test, by comparing their carrying amount with their corresponding fair value. For any given intangible asset with indefinite useful life, if its fair value exceeds its carrying amount no impairment loss shall be recognized.
Intangible assets at fair value
The Company accounts for its digital assets as indefinite-lived intangible assets, in accordance with ASC 350-60, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Crypto Assets. The Company has ownership of and control over its digital assets and uses third-party custodial services to store its digital assets. The Company’s digital assets are initially recorded at cost. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with changes recognized in the consolidated statements of income, within the “General and administrative” line item. The Company determines the fair value of its digital assets in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement.
Impairment of long-lived assets
The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairments whenever events or changes in