manage their businesses.
7
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
■
Continue to grow our business and maintain market leadership
.
We focus on growing our business, achieving scale-related competitive advantages and strengthening our position as a preferred commerce and fintech platform in each of the markets in which we operate. We also intend to grow our business and maintain our leadership by taking advantage of the expanding potential user base that has resulted from the growth of e-commerce penetration in Latin America. We intend to achieve these goals through organic growth, by introducing our services in new countries and entering new category segments, by launching new transactional business lines, and through potential strategic acquisitions of key businesses and assets.
■
Increase monetization of our transactions.
We focus on improving the revenue generation capacity of our business by implementing initiatives designed to maximize the revenues we generate from transactions on our platform. Some of these initiatives include increasing our fee structure, selling advertising on our platform, offering other e-commerce services, expanding our fee-based features and cross-selling financial services to individuals transacting on our Marketplace and merchants who use our payments processing services.
■
Take advantage of the natural synergies that exist among our services.
We strive to leverage our various services to promote greater cross-usage and synergies, thereby creating a fully integrated ecosystem of e-commerce and fintech offerings. Consequently, we will continue to promote the adoption of our Mercado Envios logistics solution, our advertising solution, our Mercado Pago payments and financial services solution and reward our users in each country for increased usage and engagement. Our loyalty program is a key tool for us to achieve these synergies and to foster growth of ecosystemic users, who are those that transact on our Marketplace and use Mercado Pago regularly.
Marketing
Our marketing strategy is designed to grow our e-commerce and fintech platforms, attract new users and promote more frequent transactions. We are focused on being an acquisition and engagement engine with effective and efficient allocation of  resources. We focus on cross-selling services to create a larger number of ecosystemic users, with whom we have the deepest relationships. We leverage all advertising vehicles, including mass offline networks, paid advertising, including search, shopping, social and affiliate programs, organic channels, and our own channels (email, push, real estate). As we work on diverse marketing efforts, we consistently focus on reducing dependency on paid channels by pursuing brand preference leadership in Latin America and becoming a trusted authority in the industry, which helps us build a loyal base of users. We believe in local relevance to create a unique positioning in our top markets and promote a clear, differentiated brand