significant accounting policies
-
Foreign currency translation
-
Argentine currency status and macroeconomic outlook of our audited consolidated financial statements for further detail on the currency status and the exchange regulations of our Argentine segment.
66
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Interest
Our earnings and cash flows are also affected by changes in interest rates. These changes could have an impact on the interest rates that financial institutions charge us prior to the time we sell our Mercado Pago receivables and on the financial debt that we use to fund Mercado Pago and lending’s operations. As of December 31, 2024, Mercado Pago’s receivables totaled $5,288 million. Interest rate fluctuations could also impact interest earned through our lending solution. As of December 31, 2024, loans receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts from our lending solution totaled $4,895 million. Interest rate fluctuations could also negatively affect certain of our fixed rate and floating rate investments comprised primarily of time deposits, money market funds and sovereign debt securities. Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning products carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall.
As of December 31, 2024, our short-term investments amounted to $4,485 million and our long-term investments amounted to $1,203 million. Our short-term investments can be readily converted at any time into cash or into securities with a shorter remaining time to maturity. We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of purchase and re-evaluate such designations as of each balance sheet date. See Note 3 – Fintech Regulations and Note 5 – Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments of our audited consolidated financial statements for further detail on our restricted investments.
Fluctuations of the interest rate could also have a negative impact on interest expense related to our Loans payable and other financial liabilities, as a portion of these instruments is subject to variable interest rates. As of December 31, 2024, our Loans payable and other financial liabilities which accrue interest based on variable rates amounted to $3,920 million, while our Loans payable and other financial liabilities, which accrue interest based on fixed rates, amounted to $1,795 million. See Note 18 – Loans payable and other financial liabilities and Note 21 – Securitization transactions of our audited consolidated financial statements for further detail. Considering a hypothetical increase of 100 basis points in the interest rates, the reported charge to the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2024 would have increased by approximately $28 million with the impact in