commitment is $39 million.
On January 10, 2024, we signed a 5-year agreement for the naming rights of the Complexo Pacaembu (municipal stadium of the city of São Paulo), for a total amount of $44 million, which has not commenced as of December 31, 2024. The agreement has the option to extend the term for 5 additional independent periods of 5 years each, for the same amount indexed by the Brazilian inflation rate index IPCA.
Additionally, we have several committed leases, mainly related to our fulfillment and service centers, which are one of the most important investments for our Mercado Envios business. In this sense, as of December 31, 2024, we have committed rental expenditures with our lessors for $1,598 million and $141 million for operating leases and finance leases, respectively. See Note 22 – Leases of our audited consolidated financial statements for further detail on leases. Additionally, we have lease agreements for new warehouses in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina for a total amount of $1,451 million that have not yet commenced. Lease terms under the agreements are between 3 to 15 years.
We have unconditional purchase obligations related to capital expenditures for a total amount of $34 million. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining purchase commitment is $16 million.
We and certain financial institutions participate in a supplier finance program (“SFP”) that enables certain of our suppliers, at their own election, to request the payment of their invoices to the financial institutions earlier than the terms stated in our payment policies. Suppliers’ voluntary inclusion of invoices in the SFP does not change our payment terms, the amounts paid or liquidity. The supplier invoices that have been confirmed as valid under the program require payment in full according to the terms established in our payment policies (between 60 and 90 days). There are no assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees provided for the committed payment to the financial institution. We have no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to participate in the SFP and have no financial impact in connection with the SFP. As of December 31, 2024, the obligations outstanding that the Company has confirmed as valid to the financial institutions amounted to $425 million, and are included in the consolidated balance sheets within the accounts payable and accrued expenses line.
As of December 31, 2024, our main source of liquidity was $3,686 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, which excludes $3,434 million investments mainly related to the Central Bank of Brazil Mandatory Guarantee, and consists of cash generated from operations and proceeds from loans.
As of December 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments of our non-U.S. subsidiaries amounted to $9,031 million, or 86.9% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments, and our cash