multiple banking institution. As of the date of this filing, the aforementioned authorization is still pending approval.
Chile
In 2017 and 2018, Chile enacted regulations regarding the issuance and operation of payment cards, which could affect Mercado Pago’s operations, including authorization to operate, anti-money laundering obligations, capital requirements and reserve funds, operational and security safeguards, among others.
15
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
In November 2021, the Chilean Commission for the Financial Market (“CMF”) granted Mercado Pago, through its entities Mercado Pago Emisora S.A. and Mercado Pago Operadora S.A. (formerly know as MercadoPago S.A.), a prepaid card issuer license and payment card operator license, respectively. These licenses transformed Mercado Pago Emisora S.A. and Mercado Pago Operadora S.A. into regulated entities, supervised by the CMF and the Chilean Financial Analysis Unit ("UAF", in charge of supervising anti-money laundering activities in Chile), and became obligated, among other things, to: (i) deliver information on its financial and operational management on a regular basis; (ii) maintain certain minimum capital required; (iii) set up a determined liquidity reserve; (iv) deposit and maintain users’ funds in specific banks’ accounts (only applicable to Mercado Pago Emisora S.A.); and (v) perform know your client and anti-money laundering duties.
On October 12, 2022, the Chilean Congress approved the Fintech and Open-Banking Law Project, which was published on January 4, 2023, and came into effect on February 3, 2023. This law established a regulatory framework for certain technological financial services that did not have their own legal framework. These services are: (i) Alternative Transaction Systems, (ii) Crowdfunding Financing Platforms, (iii) Financial Instrument Intermediation, (iv) Order Routing, (v) Credit Advisory, and (vi) Investment Advisory. Pursuant to this law, in January 2025, Mercado Pago Crypto S.A. submitted the license application to the CMF within the legal deadline for its ruling, which is still pending approval.
On April 8, 2024, the Chilean Congress published the Cybersecurity Law. Although Mercado Pago Chilean entities already comply with the law’s main obligations as a result of being regulated entities, pursuant to this new law, such entities will be subject to a new regulator and must comply with certain reporting requirements for cybersecurity incidents. We expect that the Mercado Pago Chilean entities will be required to comply with these new reporting requirements sometime during 2025 or 2026.
On May 30, 2024, the Chilean Congress passed Law 21,673, amending Law 20,009, which, effective as of June 1, 2024, establishes a limited liability regime for users of prepaid cards in case of loss, theft, or fraud. Pursuant to Law 21,673, there may be instances in which an issuer may suspend a refund in the event of fraud or serious fault on behalf of the user claiming