Mercado Envios, MercadoLibre facilitates the shipping of goods from the Company and sellers to buyers; through the advertising products, MercadoLibre facilitates advertising services for large retailers and brands to promote their products and services on the web; through Mercado Shops, MercadoLibre allows users to set-up, manage, and promote their own online web-stores under a subscription-based business model; through the lending solution, MercadoLibre extends loans to certain merchants and consumers; and through Mercado Fondo, MercadoLibre allows users to invest funds deposited in their Mercado Pago accounts.
As of March 31, 2025, MercadoLibre, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, operated online e-commerce platforms directed towards Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Peru, Mexico, Panama, Honduras, Nicaragua, El Salvador, Uruguay, Bolivia, Guatemala, Paraguay and Venezuela. Additionally, MercadoLibre’ fintech platform, Mercado Pago, is present in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Peru, Uruguay and Ecuador.
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of presentation
The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and consolidated Variable Interest Entities (“VIEs”). These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements are stated in U.S. dollars, except for where otherwise indicated. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated for consolidation purposes.
Substantially all net revenues and financial income, cost of net revenues and financial expenses and operating expenses, are generated in the Company’s foreign operations. Long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill and operating lease right-of-use assets located in the foreign jurisdictions totaled $
3,013
million and $
2,632
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the Company’s consolidated financial position as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the Company’s consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments that Management believes are necessary to fairly state the Company’s financial position, operating results and cash flows.
Because all of the disclosures required by U.S. GAAP for annual consolidated financial statements are not included herein, these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto