calculate the tax credit bond to which companies that qualify for the regime are entitled from approximately 40 million Argentine pesos to 5 million Argentine pesos; the tax credit bond represents
70
% of the Company’s social security contributions for those employees whose jobs are related to the promoted activities, with a salary cap which has been reduced to the indicated limit. MercadoLibre S.R.L. uses the tax credit bond to offset federal taxes.
As a result, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of $
18
million and $
1
million during the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The aggregate per share effect of the income tax benefit amounted to $
0.36
and $
0.01
for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Furthermore, the Company recorded a social security benefit of $
17
million during the three-month period ended March 31, 2024. For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, the Company has not recorded any social security benefit.
Fair value option applied to certain financial instruments
Under ASC 825, U.S. GAAP provides an option to elect fair value with impact on the statement of income as an alternative measurement for certain financial instruments and other items on the balance sheet.
The Company has elected to measure certain financial assets at fair value with impact on the statement of income for several reasons including to avoid the mismatch generated by the recognition of certain linked instruments / transactions, separately, in the interim condensed consolidated statements of income and interim condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income and to better reflect the financial model applied for selected instruments. The Company’s election of the fair value option applies to: i) foreign government debt securities and ii) U.S. government debt securities.
Additionally, the Company has elected to measure the liability related to the Meli Dólar program, which corresponds to the holding by third-parties of the Company’s stablecoin, at fair value.
9
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Notes to unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
As of the date of issuance of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements there were no accounting pronouncements recently adopted by the Company.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued the Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 2023-09 “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures.” The amendments in this update provide more transparency about income tax information through improvements to income tax disclosures primarily related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information, requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. The other