however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our periodic filings with the SEC.
Many of these risks are beyond our ability to control or predict. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for Management to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on our Company’s business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance.
4
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
MercadoLibre, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries “us”, “we”, “our” or the “Company”) is the leading online commerce and fintech ecosystem in Latin America. Our e-commerce platform is the leader in the region based on gross merchandise volume ("GMV"), and our fintech platform is the leader in monthly active users ("MAUs") among fintech companies in Argentina, Chile and Mexico, and the second largest in Brazil. Mercado Libre's e-commerce platform is present in 18 countries (Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela, Bolivia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay and El Salvador) and our fintech platform, Mercado Pago, is present in 8 countries (Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Ecuador). Our ecosystem provides consumers and merchants with a complete portfolio of services to enable buying and selling online and the processing of payments online and offline, as well as offering a wide array of simple day-to-day financial services.
We offer our users an ecosystem of integrated e-commerce and digital financial services, which includes: the Mercado Libre Marketplace, the Mercado Pago fintech platform, the Mercado Envios logistics service, the Mercado Ads solution and the Mercado Libre Classifieds service.
Our e-commerce platform provides buyers and sellers with a robust and safe environment that fosters the development of a large e-commerce community in Latin America, a region with a population of over 650 million people where penetration of e-commerce over total retail significantly lags benchmarks such as the United States of America ("U.S."), the U.K. and China. We believe that we offer world-class technological and commercial solutions that address the distinctive cultural and geographic challenges of operating a digital commerce platform in Latin America.
The Mercado Libre Marketplace is a user-friendly online commerce platform that can be accessed