that, during the last month of the reporting period, performed at least one of the following actions during such month: 1) made a debit or credit card payment, 2) made a QR code payment, 3) made an off-platform online payment using our checkout or link of payment solutions while logged in to our Mercado Pago fintech platform, 4) made an investment or employed any of our savings solutions, 5) purchased an insurance policy, 6) took out a loan through our lending solution, or 7) received the payment from a sale or transaction either on or off marketplace.
(3)
As described above, as of January 1, 2024, unique active buyers is the main performance indicator of our Commerce revenue line. Management believes that monitoring the Commerce business growth through a standalone metric enables us to better understand user behavior over each period and make strategic decisions to improve the Commerce business. Unique active buyers is defined as users that have performed at least one purchase on the Mercado Libre Marketplace during the reported period.
(4)
Total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions completed through the Mercado Libre Marketplace, excluding Classifieds transactions.
(5)
Number of items that were sold/purchased through the Mercado Libre Marketplace, excluding Classifieds items.
(6)
Total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions paid for using Mercado Pago, including marketplace and non-marketplace transactions, excluding peer-to-peer transactions. As of January 1, 2024, we no longer include peer-to-peer transactions in our TPV in accordance with the metrics and underlying criteria used by our Mercado Pago team, which Management then employs to make strategic decisions. Consequently, total payment volume for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, have been recast to exclude peer-to-peer transactions.
(7)
As of January 1, 2024, we have replaced “Total volume of payment on marketplace” with “Acquiring total payment volume.” Total volume of payment on marketplace was limited to the total U.S. dollar sum of all marketplace transactions paid for using Mercado Pago, and thus was a relevant and representative metric when the off-platform payment processor business was managed as a payment processor with a digital account. In light of the significant growth of our Fintech businesses and our payment processing and settling services, Management believes that Acquiring TPV, which also takes into account non-marketplace transactions paid for using Mercado Pago, results in a more representative measure of our physical and online payment processing solutions in any given period. Acquiring TPV is defined as total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions settled using our Mercado Pago and Mercado Pago's payment processing and settling services in marketplace and non-marketplace transactions and consist of the following transactions volume: 1) point of sale payment volume, 2) commerce payment volume through our Mercado Libre Marketplace, 3) online payment volume through