short-term investments totaled $1,335 million and our U.S. dollar-denominated long-term investments totaled $781 million.
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, we had a consolidated loss on foreign currency of $55 million, mainly related to foreign exchange losses from our Argentine subsidiaries. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of operations— Other income (expenses), net” for more information.
Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
The table below shows the impact on our net revenues and financial income, cost of net revenues and financial expenses, operating expenses, other income (expenses), net, income tax, net income and equity for a positive and a negative 10% fluctuation on all the foreign currencies to which we are exposed to at the moment of translating our financial statements to U.S. dollars for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025:
(1)
Increase of the subsidiaries’ local currency against U.S. Dollar.
(2)
Decrease of the subsidiaries’ local currency against U.S. Dollar.
(3)
Includes cost of net revenues and financial expenses and operating expenses.
53
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
The table above shows an increase in our net income when the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies because of the positive impact of the increase in income from operations. On the other hand, the table above shows a decrease in our net income when the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies because of the negative impact of the decrease in income from operations.
Brazilian segment
Considering a hypothetical increase of 10% of the Brazilian Real exchange rate against the U.S. dollar on March 31, 2025, the reported net assets in our Brazilian subsidiaries would have decreased by approximately $324 million with the related impact in Other Comprehensive Income. Additionally, we would have recorded a foreign currency loss amounting to approximately $57 million in our Brazilian subsidiaries.
Mexican segment
Considering a hypothetical increase of 10% of the Mexican Peso exchange rate against the U.S. dollar on March 31, 2025, the reported net assets in our Mexican subsidiaries would have decreased by approximately $156 million with the related impact in Other Comprehensive Income. Additionally, we would have recorded a foreign currency loss amounting to approximately $17 million in our Mexican subsidiaries.
Argentine segment
In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we have classified our Argentine operations as highly inflationary since July 1, 2018, using the U.S. dollar as the functional currency for purposes of reporting our financial statements. Therefore, no translation effect has been accounted for in other comprehensive income related to our Argentine operations since July 1, 2018. Argentina’s inflation rate for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 was 8.6% and 51.6%, respectively.
We use Argentina’s official exchange rate to account for