penetration, sales taxes, cost of goods sold as a consequence of an increase in first-party sales and other payments costs mainly related to higher funding cost related to our credits business; ii) $36 million increase in sales and marketing expenses mainly due to an increase in online and offline marketing expenses; iii) $26 million increase in provision for doubtful accounts mainly related to our consumer product growth; and iv) $13 million increase in general and administrative expenses mainly related to higher tax withholding in connection with intercompany export services billing duties.
Liquidity and capital resources
Our main cash requirement has been working capital to fund Mercado Pago financing operations and our lending business. We also require cash for capital expenditures related to technology infrastructure, software applications, office space, business acquisitions, to build out our logistics capacity and to make interest payments on our loans payable and other financial liabilities.
We have funded Mercado Pago mainly by selling credit card receivables and through credit lines. Additionally, we have financed our Mercado Pago and lending businesses through the securitization of credit card receivables and certain loans through SPEs created in Brazil, Mexico, Chile and Argentina. Finally, we obtained funding through deposit certificates, financial bills, commercial notes and loans from banks in Brazil, and mainly through loans from banks and secured lines of credit in Mexico, Chile, Argentina and Uruguay. Refer to Note 12 – Loans payable and other financial liabilities and Note 13 – Securitization transactions of our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for further detail.
On September 27, 2024, we entered into a $400 million amended and restated revolving credit agreement (the “Amended and Restated Credit Agreement”). The interest rates under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are based on Term SOFR (“Secured Overnight Funding Rate”) plus an interest margin of 1.00% per annum, which may be decreased to 0.90% per annum or increased to 1.15% per annum depending on our debt rating, as further provided under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. We are also obligated to pay a commitment fee on the unused amounts of the facility at a rate per annum equal to 25% of the then Applicable Margin, depending on our debt rating, as further provided under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. As of March 31, 2025, no amounts had been borrowed under the facility. See Note 12 – Loans payable and other financial liabilities of our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for further detail.
We have committed to contract minimum amounts of certain services such as cloud platform and other technology services, logistics services and leases. In addition, we have unconditional purchase obligations related to capital expenditures. Please refer to Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies of