compete with large banks. This product offers remuneration on balances held in the Mercado Pago digital account that is greater than traditional checking and savings accounts. This enables our users to earn a return with funds remaining available for withdrawal or to make payments without their funds being tied up in a time deposit.
34
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
As an extension of our asset management and savings solutions for users, we launched a digital assets feature as part of the Mercado Pago account in Brazil, Mexico and Chile, in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. This service allows our millions of users to purchase, hold and sell selected digital assets through our interface without leaving the Mercado Pago application, while a partner acts as the custodian and offers the blockchain infrastructure platform. This feature is available for all users through their Mercado Pago account. In 2024 and 2025 we launched “Meli Dólar,” a stablecoin that is pegged to the US dollar, in Brazil, Mexico and Chile. Members of our loyalty program receive their cashback in Meli Dólar and all Mercado Pago users can buy, hold and sell the stablecoin without charging any fees.
Reporting Segments and Geographic Information
Our segment reporting is based on geography, which is the criterion our Management currently uses to evaluate our segment performance. Our geographic segments are Brazil, Mexico, Argentina and Other Countries (including Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Peru, Uruguay and the U.S.). Although we discuss long-term trends in our business, it is our policy not to provide earnings guidance in the traditional sense. We believe that uncertain conditions make the forecasting of near-term results difficult. Further, we seek to make decisions focused primarily on the long-term welfare of our Company and believe focusing on short-term earnings does not best serve the interests of our stockholders. We believe that execution of key strategic initiatives as well as our expectations for long-term growth in our markets will best create stockholder value. A long-term focus may make it more difficult for industry analysts and the market to evaluate the value of our Company, which could reduce the value of our common stock or permit competitors with short-term tactics to grow more rapidly than us. We, therefore, encourage potential investors to consider this strategy before making an investment in our common stock.
The following table sets forth the percentage of our consolidated net revenues and financial income by segment for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
Net revenues and financial income for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024 are described in “Item 2 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Principal trends in results of operations— Net revenues and financial income.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
There have been