such refund on account of allegedly fraudulent charges. Mercado Pago Emisora S.A. completed the implementation of these measures for its compliance.
In December 2024, Law No. 21,719 was approved by the National Congress of Chile to regulate the processing and protection of individuals' personal data. The law establishes the creation of a Data Protection Agency, which will serve as a technical and autonomous entity responsible for supervising and ensuring the data protection rights of individuals in Chile. This agency will have various powers, including the authority to oversee and sanction data controllers who do not comply with the regulations. The modifications will enter into force 24 months after their publication, while the necessary regulations must be issued within a period of six months.
On October 24, 2022, Mercado Pago Corredores de Seguros SpA was registered as an Insurance Broker in the Registry of Trade Assistants for Insurance of the CMF. The main objective of the Company is the remunerated intermediation of general and life insurance contracts with any insurer based in Chile.
Colombia
Colombian regulations establish specific requirements to open accounts and provide certain financial services, as well as policies for cash and risk management. There are also regulations requiring payment processors such as Mercado Pago to comply with certain security, privacy and anti-money laundering standards.
In June 2023, MercadoPago S.A. Compañía de Financiamiento obtained a license issued by Colombian Financial Superintendence to operate as a financial institution in Colombia, enabling it to offer credits, digital accounts, investments and prepaid cards. As a financial company it is subject to minimum capital, reporting, consumer protection and risk management requirements. On April 22, 2024, MercadoPago S.A. Compañía de Financiamiento started operations initially offering only the “Ordinary Deposit” product. In accordance with regulations, customers' funds are now subject to regulatory liquidity, reserve, and solvency requirements to ensure their protection.
Uruguay
Uruguay has implemented comprehensive regulations governing electronic payments.
In September 2016, we obtained the registration of our Uruguayan subsidiary Deremate.com de Uruguay S.R.L. from the Central Bank of Uruguay (“BCU”) as an entity entitled to provide services of payments and collections (“PSPC”). Thus, on November 1, 2016, Mercado Pago was launched in Uruguay. In July 2023, MercadoPago Uruguay S.R.L. obtained the approval by the BCU to operate as an Electronic Money Issuing Institution (“IEDE”). On October 1, 2023, MercadoPago Uruguay S.R.L. started operations, and since then, must adhere to regulations regarding the placement of user funds, including the obligation to deposit and maintain these funds in designated local bank accounts to guarantee the availability of balances in each user’s digital account. In October 2023, MercadoPago Uruguay S.R.L. was authorized by