environment that reflects our DNA. In a fast-paced, dynamic, joyful and collaborative workplace, we give our teams the chance to grow by tackling complex challenges, pursuing excellence and achieving outstanding results together.
Our purpose is to democratize commerce and financial services to transform the lives of millions across Latin America. Every action we take as a company is anchored in this purpose, with our culture guiding and inspiring each decision we make and every initiative we launch.
Generation of quality employment opportunities
Our recruitment and hiring strategy exemplifies our commitment to being a growth engine for Latin America in response to the socio-economic challenges faced by the region in recent years. We take immense pride in creating quality employment opportunities in the region. This year, we celebrated a remarkable achievement by surpassing 84,000 employees at MercadoLibre. In 2024 alone, we welcomed more than 25,000 new team members throughout the region, particularly within our Technology, Product, and Logistics divisions. We have shown consistent expansion, nearly quintupling our workforce from 15,546 to 84,207 employees in the last four years, which means a 30 times growth over the last decade.
This substantial growth distinguishes us as a leader in creating genuine employment in the region while maintaining our unique culture. Our ongoing expansion not only strengthens our position in job creation but also enhances our value proposition. The increase in direct employment drives our business forward and positively impacts indirect employment, generating numerous opportunities throughout our value chain and benefiting the hundreds of thousands of MSMEs that rely on our ecosystem.
At MercadoLibre, we aspire to be the employer of choice, fully aware of the competitive landscape we navigate where effective talent management is crucial. Therefore, we are committed to honoring the value proposition we offer our employees every single day.
Multiple perspectives, common purpose
We believe in effort and the value of meritocracy, and we know that the inclusion of diverse experiences drives innovation and allows us to anticipate the needs and expectations of those who choose Mercado Libre. To achieve this, we work on two complementary pillars: inclusion, through processes and actions that ensure equal opportunities within a culture that fundamentally values the meritocracy; and representativeness, promoting the inclusion of different profiles and experiences, thus reflecting the diversity of our user community.
11
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Today, 93% of our employees perceive their leaders as inclusive, and this perception is held by employees across diverse groups. We also ensure pay equity by examining all groups, and there is no representative gap in any talent management processes, such as performance evaluations, promotions, and internal rotations. Our priority is to guarantee an inclusive and