rate and tax liabilities.
In addition, Brazil is currently undergoing a tax reform to replace several local taxes with a dual VAT system. The new system will become effective in 2026 and will face a transitional period until 2033, with the progressive charging of the new taxes and the extinction of the ones currently in place, as well as the implementation of the split payment system.
Furthermore, we have a complex corporate structure, with entities that are subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions, and the management of that structure and the transactions among our entities creates potential tax exposures for us in multiple jurisdictions, including the U.S. as well as the jurisdictions where our subsidiaries operate. Further, any changes to, suspension or revocation of, any tax incentive regimes or other tax benefits that we may receive, including tax benefits under the Argentina knowledge-based economy promotional regime and under the Brazilian social security contribution regime and ICMS (Imposto sobre Circulação de Mercadorias, Serviços de Transporte Interestadual, Intermunicipal e Comunicação) tax incentive benefits, could have a material adverse effect in our business, results of operation and financial position.
Competition
We may be subject to private claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government investigations, other proceedings and orders involving allegations that our actions may violate antitrust or competition laws, or otherwise constitute unfair competition. For instance, on February 13, 2024, the Mexican antitrust authority (Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica or “COFECE”) notified MercadoLibre, S.A., de C.V., Institución de Fondos de Pago Electrónico of its preliminary findings, conclusions and recommendations regarding competition in the e-commerce sector in Mexico, including proposed corrective measures on marketplace operators that include Mercado Libre and that, if confirmed, could require us to change certain aspects of some of our business practices in Mexico, including obligations to interoperate with independent logistics companies, which may affect the overall functioning of our logistics service. This preliminary report is the result of a general market study on barriers to competition in the e-commerce market, launched by COFECE in 2022 and will now be taken to a subsequent stage of the process where MercadoLibre, S.A., de C.V., Institución de Fondos de Pago Electrónico and other affected entities may submit their views and additional evidence. The preliminary report and additional submissions will be analyzed by COFECE’s full board of commissioners, in accordance with applicable laws and procedures, and the plenary will issue a final report that is expected to be issued the first half of 2025. The final report may be subject to a special constitutional appeal before a specialized Mexican court, and subsequent judicial decisions may be further appealed and may reach the Mexican Supreme Court. This additional