in selected categories where we can enhance price competitiveness and assortment, (d) expanding our presence in vehicle, real estate and services classifieds and (e) offering enterprise software solutions to our online commerce business users.
■
Continue to improve the shopping experience for our users
.
We intend to continually enhance our e-commerce ecosystem in order to better serve individuals, brands, retailers and other businesses that want to buy or sell goods and services online in a convenient, simple and safe way. Value-added services that we intend to continue to scale include, but are not limited to: (a) maximizing utilization of Mercado Envios, particularly our fulfillment services, (b) expanding our advertising offerings, both on- and off-platform, (c) maximizing the use of Mercado Pago as a means of payment in our Marketplace, and (d) scaling our loyalty scheme, MELI+. We are committed to continue investing in the development of new tools and technologies that facilitate web and mobile commerce on our platform. In line with our constant focus on innovation, a critical component of user experience is the vertical solutions that we offer across key categories. We will continue to focus on improving the functionality of our websites and apps to deliver a more efficient and safe shopping experience and providing our users with the help of a dedicated customer support department. We will continue to focus on increasing purchase frequency and transaction volumes from our existing users. We believe that a significant portion of our growth will be derived from the development of these tools and technologies in the future.
■
Become the principal financial services partner to our users.
We intend to continue scaling Mercado Pago's day-to-day financial services offerings for individuals and merchants through our digital account. Our strategic focus is to bring more users to Mercado Pago by leveraging our ecosystem, promoting financial inclusion and developing deep relationships with these users. We intend to promote the cross-selling of the products we offer, which include: (a) consumer & merchant loans, (b) credit and debit cards, (c) insurance, (d) savings, (e) investments, (f) digital payments, and (g) cryptocurrency buy, hold and sell. We are committed to developing new products to continue to offer innovative solutions to our users. We believe this strategy will help us maximize the utilization of Mercado Pago on our Marketplace and the value of Mercado Pago as a day-to-day financial services partner.
■
Overlay value-added services onto our payments processing products
. We intend to enhance the value proposition of Mercado Pago's payments processing solutions by adding value-added services for merchants. This includes, but is not limited to: (a) our digital account to manage their finances; (b) offering credit products to help merchants to scale their businesses, and (c) offering enterprise software solutions that help merchants to