which enable our users to diversify their investment portfolio in an accessible way and with options for quick withdrawal.
As an extension of our asset management and savings solutions for users, we launched a digital assets feature as part of the Mercado Pago account in Brazil, Mexico and Chile, in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. This service allows our millions of users to purchase, hold and sell selected digital assets through our interface without leaving the Mercado Pago application, while a partner acts as the custodian and offers the blockchain infrastructure platform. This feature is available for all users through their Mercado Pago account. In 2024, in Brazil and Mexico we launched "Meli Dólar", a stablecoin that is pegged to the US dollar. Members of our loyalty program receive their cashback in Meli Dólar and all Mercado Pago users can buy, hold and sell the stablecoin without any fees.
In 2024, we launched the latest iteration of the Meli+ loyalty program in Brazil and Mexico. The relaunch added new benefits to complement the additional free shipping threshold for loyalty members. The new benefits include cashback and extra installments on Marketplace purchases as well as new fintech benefits designed to drive principality, such as cashback on purchases made with the Mercado Pago credit card and an extra yield on deposits in the Mercado Pago digital account. The relaunch also introduced two subscription options for our users to be able to choose the benefits package that best suits them. The Meli+ Essencial option offers all of the previously mentioned ecosystemic benefits. The Meli+ Total option includes all of our ecosystemic benefits, plus free access to content from Disney+ and Deezer and discounts on other streaming services such as Max, Paramount+ and Vix.
In 2024 we continued to scale Mercado Play, an AVOD streaming service first launched in 2023 and available to all users in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Peru and Uruguay. Mercado Play serves as a tool to drive user engagement on Mercado Libre and is a new platform to serve video advertising, complementing the portfolio of ads formats available through Mercado Ads. The content we offer through Mercado Play is sourced from third-party studios, with whom we have revenue sharing agreements.
6
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
We have two distinctive revenue streams in our business:
■
Commerce revenue
Our Commerce business is comprised of two primary revenue streams: Services and Product Sales. Our Services revenue stream is mainly generated from Marketplace fees that include final value fees,
which include the use of the payment solution,
and flat fees for certain transactions below a certain merchandise value, related shipping fees, net of third-party carrier costs when we act as an agent, and storage fees, classifieds fees, advertising sales fees, and fees from other ancillary businesses. Our Product Sales revenue stream entails selling merchandise on a