claims
Federal taxes - Tax payments for the 2016 fiscal year
On October 30, 2020 and
November 9, 2020, Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento
Ltda.
and eBazar.com.br Ltda., respectively, received tax assessments claiming income tax payments for the 2016 fiscal year, with respective penalties and fines. In these assessments, the tax authorities do not recognize certain expenses incurred by the Brazilian subsidiaries, such as technology services imported from MercadoLibre S.R.L., Meli Uruguay S.R.L., and MercadoLibre, Inc., as deductible for income tax purposes. The tax authorities concluded that the Brazilian entities failed to submit sufficient evidence during the tax assessment that these services were necessary and effectively hired and paid by the Brazilian subsidiaries. The tax assessments that Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento
Ltda
. and eBazar.com.br Ltda. received amounted to a total of $
17
million and $
11
million, respectively, considering the exchange rate as of December 31, 2024. The subsidiaries filed their defenses on December 1, 2020 and December 8, 2020, respectively, arguing that the agreements and other documentation were submitted as evidence during the tax assessment. The defenses were also complemented by specific descriptions for each project that was impacted by such services to justify the necessity of all the expenses in dispute. On May 25, 2021, Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento
Ltda.
received an unfavorable decision from the administrative court in the first instance, and on June 28, 2021, eBazar.com.br also received an unfavorable decision from the administrative court in the first instance. The Companies filed appeals in respect of both cases with the administrative court in the second instance. On October 9, 2024, the administrative court of second instance issued a decision in order to return the case of eBazar.com.br Ltda. back to the first instance in an evidentiary proceeding. Therefore, eBazar.com.br provided a complementary report with more specific evidence. Regarding Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento Ltda., the appeal is still pending. Management’s opinion, based on the opinion of external legal counsel, is that the risk of losing the case is not more likely than not. For that reason, the Company has not recorded any expense or liability for the disputed amounts.
126
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Federal taxes - Revenue accounts 2017 fiscal year
On December 30, 2022
, eBazar.com.br Ltda. and one of the Company’s Senior Legal Directors received three tax assessments claiming corporate income taxes (IRPJ and CSLL) in the amount of
$
64
million
, withholding income tax (IRRF) in the amount of
$
10
million
, and PIS and COFINS in the amount of
$
10
million
, all of them in relation to the taxable year of 2017, including punitive fine of
150
% over the tax charged and interest on late payments based on the SELIC rate, and according to the exchange rate as of December 31, 2024. The Senior Legal