or loss of seller’s inventories as a result of using our fulfillment network service, subject to certain conditions. We may in the future receive additional requests from sellers requesting reimbursement through this program or threatening legal action against us if we do not reimburse them, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
We continue to build new warehouses to manage the increasing demand of our logistics solution. These construction efforts are subject to a risk of delay as well as risks relating to the quality of the construction, which could increase our costs and negatively impact our ability to grow capacity in time to adequately meet demand.
Problems that affect our service providers could potentially adversely affect us as well
A number of parties provide services to us or to our users. These services include the hosting of our servers, shipping and the postal and payments infrastructures that allow users to deliver and pay for goods and services, in addition to paying their Mercado Libre Marketplace bills. Financial, regulatory, or other problems that might prevent these companies from providing services to us or our users could reduce the number of listings on our websites or make completing transactions on our ecosystem more difficult, which may harm our business. Any security breach at one of these companies could also affect our customers and harm our business.
If we are unable to compete effectively for advertising spend, or if our merchants reduce advertising spend, our business and results of operations could be materially harmed
We have developed a growing advertising business on our platform. If we are unable to compete effectively for advertising spend, or if merchants reduce advertising spend due to adverse macroeconomic conditions or for other reasons, our business and results of operations could be materially harmed. Our ability to maintain or increase advertising revenue through our platform will depend on our ability to create more value for advertisers (such as increased numbers of users, increased transactions, enhanced monetization and stronger brand awareness) than our competitors. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, larger customer bases and greater brand recognition in certain jurisdictions, particularly with respect to our newly launched products and services. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our reputation, financial condition and operating results. Changes to our advertising policies and data privacy practices, or those of other companies, may adversely affect the advertising revenues. In addition, the existence and development of technologies that block advertisements online or affect our ability to customize advertisements could harm our advertising business.
We may not realize benefits from recent or future strategic investments, acquisitions of businesses,