technology and for certain corporate services. Our cash flows, results of operations and certain of our intercompany balances that are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations may differ materially from expectations and we may record significant gains or losses due to foreign currency fluctuations and related hedging activities.
We use foreign currency exchange forward contracts and currency swaps to protect our foreign currency exposure and our investment in a foreign subsidiary from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These hedging contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flow, net investment and fair value hedges for accounting purposes. The derivatives’ gain or loss for cash flow and net investment hedges is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Cash flow hedges and net investment hedges are subsequently reclassified into the interim condensed consolidated statements of income in the financial statement line item in which the hedged item is recorded in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. The derivatives’ gain or loss for fair value hedges is reported in our interim condensed consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the hedged item due to the hedged risks.
As of March 31, 2025, we hold cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, short and long-term investments in local currencies in our subsidiaries, and have receivables denominated in local currencies in all of our operations. Our subsidiaries generate revenues and incur most of their expenses in the respective local currencies of the countries in which they operate. As a result, our subsidiaries use their local currency as their functional currency except for our Argentine subsidiaries, whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar due to the inflationary environment. As of March 31, 2025, the total cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies totaled $3,789 million, short-term investments denominated in foreign currencies totaled $4,456 million, long-term investments denominated in foreign currencies totaled $540 million and accounts receivable, credit card receivables and other means of payment (including those presented within non-current other assets) and loans receivable in foreign currencies totaled $11,632 million. To manage exchange rate risk, our treasury policy is to transfer most cash and cash equivalents in excess of working capital requirements into U.S. dollar-denominated accounts in the United States and to enter into certain foreign exchange derivatives, such as currency forwards contracts, in order to mitigate our exposure to foreign exchange risk. As of March 31, 2025, our U.S. dollar-denominated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and