circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The impairment evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to the undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such asset is considered to be impaired on this basis, the impairment loss to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of such asset. As of December 31, 2024 there were no events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.
Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life
Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life are reviewed at the end of the year for impairment or more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (considering each segment of the Company as a reporting unit) by comparing the reporting unit’s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of such reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is impaired.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment analysis. The Company’s annual impairment analysis included a qualitative assessment to determine if it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. After performing a qualitative impairment test, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit of the Company exceeds its carrying value. Accordingly, there was no indication of impairment and the quantitative impairment test was not performed.
No
impairment loss has been recognized in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Income taxes
The Company is subject to U.S. and foreign income taxes. The Company accounts for income taxes following the liability method of accounting which requires the recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for tax loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets or liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company’s income tax expense consists of taxes currently payable, if any, plus the change during the period in the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities.
93
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
A valuation allowance is