establishing that (i) QR codes must be interoperable with credit card payments, effective as from May 1, 2024; and (ii) digital wallets that allow credit card payments by reading QR codes must be interoperable, effective as from July 29, 2024. These regulations also expanded the payment services providers (“PSP”) registry and established that certain entities that accept, acquire, aggregate or sub-acquire payments must be registered. Under these regulations, MercadoLibre S.R.L. was registered as a Payment Aggregator in the "Registry of Payment Service Providers" of the CBA on June 24, 2024 and as a Payment Accepter in the "Registry of Payment Service Providers" of the CBA on April 10, 2024. Mercado Pago Servicios de Procesamiento S.R.L. was registered as an Acquirer in the "Registry of Payment Service Providers" of the CBA on February 23, 2024.
On September 14, 2023, the CBA established that starting on December 1, 2023, DEBIN (debit immediate), the main and simple funding source of Mercado Pago users’ accounts, will be suspended and replaced with a pull transfer method that requires the consent of the client outside of Mercado Pago’s environment before the first use. After several extensions of the application of the rule, on April 30, 2024, the CBA approved a new method of pull transfer that no longer requires the consent of the client outside of Mercado Pago’s environment.
On June 6, 2024, the CBA established that payment service providers who offer payment accounts (“PSPOCP” according to its Spanish acronym) are no longer required to distribute the returns generated by their clients' funds. However, financial institutions are still required to set up a reserve of 100% of the customer funds deposited by Mercado Pago and may invest up to 45% of those funds in Argentine bonds.
In September 2021, MercadoLibre S.R.L. completed the registration process with the National Insurance Superintendent to operate as appointed agent for insurance companies (“agente institorio”), which allows MercadoLibre S.R.L. to offer its users insurance policies sold by one or more insurance companies, as well as to manage certain aspects of such policies (payments, claims, etc.).
On June 4, 2024, Mercado Pago Inversiones S.R.L. was established. After its registration in the General Inspection of Justice on August 9, 2024, on September 2, 2024, this subsidiary requested a Comprehensive Settlement and Clearing Agent license from the Argentinian National Securities Commission, which was authorized on February 5, 2025. In addition, the subsidiary initiated the registration as a Comprehensive Investment Fund Placement and Distribution Agent (“ACDI”), which is still pending approval.
On June 4, 2024, Mercado Pago Asset Management S.A. was established. After its registration in the General Inspection of Justice on August 5, 2024, on September 2, 2024, this subsidiary requested a Product Administration Agent of Collective Investment - Common Investment Funds license and