significant expense should we have to defend cases in an unclear legal environment.
28
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Privacy and User Data Protection
We are subject to laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, storage, transfer and, in general, the processing of personal data about our providers, employees and, most importantly, our users. We expect that these regulations will increase both in number and in the level of stringency, in ways we cannot predict. This includes emerging challenges posed by new and evolving technologies such as cloud computing, AI and ML, and blockchain, which introduce novel methods for processing and analyzing data. Should we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, which apply to processing of all personal data, including the interactions with third-parties, data transfers among our employees in the course of their work, our subsidiaries, and other parties with which we have commercial relations, we may be subject to significant penalties and negative publicity, which may adversely affect us. In addition, the adoption and use of AI and ML introduces compliance challenges by potentially exposing us to situations where our customers’ personal data is inferred, reprocessed, or repurposed in ways that may not aligned with regulatory expectations. Such challenges could negatively impact our operations, financial performance, and stakeholder trust.
Consumer Protection
Government and consumer protection agencies have in the past received complaints against us from users of our ecosystem. These complaints are small as a percentage of our total transactions, but they could become large in aggregate (absolute) numbers over time.
Taxation
As far as taxation and the digital economy is concerned, many taxing jurisdictions and international organizations are moving towards the implementation of changes to tax laws and policies in order to address so-called base erosion, profit shifting and other tax challenges arising from the digitalization of the economy. These changes in tax regimes may impact e-commerce and internet based companies, including reforms related to withholding regimes, corporate income taxation, indirect taxes and also to value-added taxes. In addition, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development reached agreement among various countries to implement a minimum 15% effective tax rate on certain multinational enterprises, commonly referred to as Pillar Two. Certain countries in which we operate are actively considering adopting parts of the Pillar Two framework. The governments of Spain and Brazil passed laws adopting the framework in December 2024. See "Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of operations - Income tax" for further information. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of these proposed legislative changes as new guidance becomes available. Legislative changes could impact our effective tax