loans on non-accrual status are recognized on cash-basis.
Allowances for doubtful accounts on loans receivable, accounts receivable and credit card receivables and other means of payments
The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for Management’s estimate of current expected credit losses (“CECL”) that may result if customers do not make the required payments.
Measurement of current expected credit losses
The Company estimates its allowance for credit losses as the lifetime expected credit losses of the loans receivable, accounts receivable and credit card receivables and other means of payments. The Company makes use of available information as of each period in which this estimate is developed and uses estimation methods according to the information available and the level of precision needed as certain balances and transactions become more significant over time following the Company’s strategy in connection of the launch and maturing of certain services offerings to its customers.
90
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
CECL estimate required a complex and high degree of Management’s judgment. Information provided a wider series of historical data and the lending business showed a growth in related balances and transactions which led Management to continue enhancing the models used to develop this estimate. CECL represents the present value of the uncollectible portion of the principal, interest, late fees, and other allowable charges. The allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded as a charge to provision for doubtful accounts.
Loans receivable
Loans receivable in this portfolio include the products that the Company offers to merchant, consumer, credit card and asset-backed users.
For loans receivable that share similar risk characteristics such as product type, country, unpaid installments, days delinquent and other relevant factors, the Company estimates the lifetime expected credit loss allowance based on a collective assessment. The same methodology is applied for the measurement of CECL for its exposure to off-balance sheet unused agreed loan commitment on credit cards portfolio.
The lifetime expected credit losses is determined by applying probability of default and loss given default models to monthly projected exposures, then discounting these cash flows to present value using the portfolio’s loans interest rate, estimated as a weighted average of the original effective interest rate of all the loans that conform the portfolio segment.
The probability of default is an estimation of the likelihood that a loan receivable will default over a given time horizon. For most of the products, probability of default models (“PD”) are estimated using a survival methodology; these PD are constructed using individual default information through time, taking into account the expected future delinquency rate (forward-looking models) using three probability-weighted macroeconomic scenarios (base, optimistic and pessimistic) following