any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or will enhance stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of our stock prices and diminish our cash reserves
From time to time, we engage in share repurchases of our common stock in accordance with authorizations from our board of directors. Our repurchase programs may not require us to repurchase any specific required dollar amount or number of shares. Further, our repurchases could affect our share trading prices, increase their volatility, reduce our cash reserves and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading of our stock. As of December 31, 2024, we did not have an active share repurchase program.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
Risk Management and Strategy
We maintain a comprehensive process for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats, including risks relating to disruption of technology infrastructure and business operations, intellectual property theft, fraud, harm to employees or customers, violation of privacy laws and confidentiality, other litigation and legal risks, and reputational risk, as part of our overall risk management principles and processes.
Our risk management framework includes several security pillars, including data security, identity management, cloud security, infrastructure security, application security, incident response, and cybersecurity risk management.
We conduct annual International Organization for Standardization Information Security Management Systems ("ISMS") Requirements ("ISO/IEC 27001") reviews and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI-DSS") reviews of our payment information security controls with the assistance of an external certified auditor.
Our cybersecurity risk management processes incorporate frameworks aligned with recognized cybersecurity and cyber risk established frameworks. Our cybersecurity model is based on four criteria: (i) “Zero Trust” (e.g. a model based on continuous validation of users and devices), (ii) analysis of abnormal or unusual behavior, (iii) automatic response, and (iv) decentralization. Our cybersecurity risk strategy aligns risks, initiatives and controls, consisting of initiatives and projects designed to identify, evaluate, control and monitor cybersecurity risks and incidents. Our data security and privacy strategy focuses on discovery, minimization, detection, response, standardization and awareness. Our incident response strategy is based on best practices, focusing on proactive and automatic response, preparation and prevention, detection and analysis, containment, eradication, recovery and post-incident activity. We have also implemented a security risk management policy that provides guidance on how to identify, analyze, and optimize risk management and subsequent risk mitigation.
We have processes in place to assess, identify, manage, and