any material credit loss on the short and long-term investments for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Fair value option applied to certain investments
Under ASC 825, U.S. GAAP provides an option to elect fair value with impact on the statement of income as an alternative measurement for certain financial instruments and other items on the balance sheet.
The Company has elected to measure certain financial assets at fair value with impact on the consolidated statements of income for several reasons including to avoid the mismatch generated by the recognition of certain linked instruments / transactions, separately, in the consolidated statements of income and consolidated statements of comprehensive income and to better reflect the financial model applied for selected instruments. The Company’s election of the fair value option applies to the: i) Foreign government debt securities, and ii) U.S. government debt securities.
Credit card receivables and other means of payments, net
Credit card receivables and other means of payments mainly relate to the Company’s payments solution and arise due to the time taken to clear transactions through external payment networks either during the time required to collect the installments (which may be one or more than one installment) or during the period of time until those credit card receivables are sold to financial institutions. Also, the Company has arrangements with some unaffiliated entities under which MercadoLibre users are able to fund their Mercado Pago accounts by depositing an equivalent amount with the unaffiliated entity. In some of these arrangements, MercadoLibre credits the Mercado Pago account before the unaffiliated entity transfers the funds to MercadoLibre to settle the transaction. The amounts pending settlement are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as credit card receivables and other means of payments.
Credit card receivables and other means of payments are presented net of the related allowance for chargebacks and doubtful accounts.
The Company is exposed to losses due to credit card fraud and other payment misuse. Provisions for these items represent the Company’s estimate of actual losses based on its historical experience, as well as economic conditions.
Loans receivable, net
Loans receivable represent credits granted to certain merchants and consumers through the Company’s own lending solution. Merchant and consumers credits are repaid in a period ranging between
7
days and
60
months.
Loans receivable are reported at amortized cost, which includes outstanding principal balances plus estimated collectible interest, net of allowance for doubtful accounts. Past due are those loans where customers have failed to make payments in accordance with the contractual terms of their loans. The Company places loans on non-accrual status at
90
days past due, except for credit card loans which are placed on non-accrual status
60
to
65
days past due. Interests related to