be given 10-day prior written notice and will decide within those 10 days whether to exercise their respective stock options. Any stock option that is not so exercised will terminate. However, such notice and exercise mechanism would not apply if provision is made in connection with a Material Transaction for assumption of outstanding stock options, or substitution of stock options for new stock options or equity securities, with any appropriate adjustments as to the number, kind and prices of shares subject to stock options.
Transferability.
Unless the prior written consent of the administrator is obtained, no stock option can be assigned or otherwise transferred by any participant except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Except in the case of an approved transfer, a stock option may be exercised during the lifetime of a participant only by the participant or his/her legal representative if the participant is legally disabled.
Restricted stock.
Restricted stock awards are awards of shares of common stock that vest according to the terms and conditions established by the administrator. The administrator may impose whatever restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other restrictions as it determines. A holder of restricted stock has the rights of a stockholder, including the right to vote the restricted stock. During the restricted period applicable to the restricted stock, it may not be sold, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined or otherwise encumbered. Except as otherwise determined by the administrator, restricted stock that is subject to restrictions is subject to forfeiture upon termination of a participant’s employment.
Other awards.
The administrator of the Amended and Restated 2009 Plan may grant additional equity-based or equity-related awards in such amounts and on such terms as it shall determine, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated 2009 Plan. Each such award shall be denominated in, or shall have a value determined by reference to, a number of shares that is specified at the time of the grant of the award.
Amendment.
Our board of directors may modify the Amended and Restated 2009 Plan at any time. The approval by a majority of our stockholders is necessary if required by law or necessary to comply with any applicable laws and regulations. No amendment will affect the terms of any award granted prior to the effectiveness of such amendment, except with the consent of the holder of the award.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders presented under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Information on Our board of directors and Corporate Governance,” and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
The information required by