respectful environment. In 2024, we created the Inclusion Insights Team, an intersectional team whose mission is to ensure that our initiatives and processes are inclusive and incorporate a multiplicity of perspectives and experiences, enabling a great place to work for all people. The group is led by the Inclusion team and consists of 13 representatives from different groups (women, men, employees over 40, people with disabilities, different ethnicities, LGBTQI+, etc.), ensuring a balance across countries, tenure, seniority, and considering performance and cultural alignment.
We drive our business purpose by democratizing opportunities, understanding, and respecting each uniqueness. Any violation of our MELI Code must be reported, and we maintain a confidential reporting line available 24/7 for anonymous reporting.
AI-Driven Innovation at MercadoLibre
At MercadoLibre, we continuously seek to innovate in all our processes. We are currently exploring alternatives in AI to gain efficiency and scalability in our People processes, like using generative IT for employee services, such as our People Chat, which we are converting into a conversational chat formating using GenAI. This way, the interaction between the employee and the bot is much simpler, more natural, and fluid, which allows us to better detect intentions, accelerating response times and simplifying user management. We are also using AI for talent detection, candidate matching and content management, for example. We expect this will allow us to optimize our resources and enhance talent management, generating greater effectiveness in our operations.
Additionally, we are committed to enriching the training and development experiences of our teams. By integrating AI solutions, we aim to offer more personalized and effective training programs that will enhance the professional growth of each member of our organization, thereby increasing the scalability of our training initiatives.
We firmly believe that the combination of technology and a human-centered approach will enable us to adapt quickly to change and continue growing in an ever-evolving environment. Through these initiatives, we reaffirm our dedication to innovation and continuous learning at MercadoLibre. Furthermore, our goal is to train as many people as possible in the use of AI by 2025 to improve their efficiency, ensuring that our team is empowered to embrace the future.
Government Regulation
We are subject to a variety of laws, decrees and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet in some of the countries where we operate related to e-commerce, fintech, privacy, data protection, taxation, obligations to provide information to certain authorities about transactions occurring on our platform or about our users, anti-money laundering regulations, transport regulations and other legislation which also applies to other companies conducting business in general. It is not clear how existing laws governing