Maturity Extension Conditions (as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), as further provided in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Company is also obligated to pay a commitment fee on the unused amounts of the facility at a rate per annum equal to
25
% of the then Applicable Margin, depending on the Company’s debt rating, as further provided under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.
As of December 31, 2024,
no
amounts have been borrowed under the facility.
NOTE 19.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Indemnification agreements
The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with each of the directors and executive officers of its local subsidiaries. These agreements require the Company to indemnify such individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the jurisdiction where these subsidiaries operate, for certain liabilities to which they may become subject by reason of the fact that such individuals are or were directors or executive officers of the local subsidiaries of the Company.
Advisory Agreement and Shares granted
On April 8, 2022, the Company entered into an Advisory Services Agreement with Mr. Stelleo Tolda (former MercadoLibre’s Executive officer) whereby he provided to the Company with certain consulting and advisory services as an independent contractor for a
three-year
period for a fee of $
10,000
per month. This advisory services agreement was terminated in its entirety effective September 13, 2024 due to Mr. Tolda’s appointment as a Class I director of the Company, with a term of service of September 12, 2024 through until the Company’s 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. The Company also entered into a restricted stock award agreement with Mr. Tolda on April 8, 2022, whereby the Company awarded Mr. Tolda a grant of
5,051
shares of restricted stock under the Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Compensation Plan. One-fifth of the restricted stock award vests on each of the
five
anniversaries of the grant date, subject to Mr. Tolda’s continued compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in the agreement. As of December 31, 2024, Mr. Tolda continues to comply with the aforementioned restrictive covenants.
NOTE 20.
CASH DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
After reviewing the Company’s capital allocation process the board of directors has concluded that it has multiple investment opportunities that can generate greater return to shareholders through investing capital into the business over a dividend policy. Consequently, the board of directors suspended the payment of dividend to shareholders as from the first quarter of 2018.
133
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
NOTE 21.
SECURITIZATION TRANSACTIONS
The process of securitization consists of the issuance of securities collateralized by a pool of assets through a special purpose entity (“SPEs”), often under a VIE.
The Company securitizes