evaluate the value of our Company, which could reduce the value of our common stock or permit competitors with short-term tactics to grow more rapidly than us. We, therefore, encourage potential investors to consider this strategy before making an investment in our common stock.
The following table sets forth the percentage of our consolidated net revenues and financial income by segment for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
(1)
Recast for consistency with the current presentation due to the change in the presentation of certain financial results. Please refer to Note 2 – Summary of significant accounting policies - Change in the presentation of certain financial results and reclassification of prior years results to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.
The following table summarizes the changes in our net revenues and financial income by segment for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
(1)
Recast for consistency with the current presentation due to the change in the presentation of certain financial results. Please refer to Note 2 – Summary of significant accounting policies - Change in the presentation of certain financial results and reclassification of prior years results to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.
(2)
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the main driver of Argentina’s net revenues and financial income deceleration growth is partially explained by the average inter-annual increase of Argentina’s official exchange rate against U.S. dollar during the first half of 2024 of 308.4% partially offset by an average inter-annual inflation rate in our Argentine segment of 275.9%, for the same period.
41
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We have based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with our audit committee and our board of directors. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the