the increased complexity and possible outcomes of the global, regional and domestic macroeconomic performance, so that the models include macroeconomic outlook or projections and recent performance. With this model, the Company estimates marginal monthly default probabilities for each delinquency bucket, type of product and country. Each marginal monthly probability of default represents a different possible scenario of default. However, for new products with limited historical information such as asset-backed loans, the Company is using a work-out approach for the estimation of the PD.
The exposure at default is equal to the receivables’ expected outstanding principal, interest and other allowable balances. The Company estimates the exposure at default that the portfolio of loans would have in each possible moment of default, meaning for each possible scenario mentioned above. For credit cards loans the Company estimates an amortization scheme based on historical information. Also, for Brazilian credit cards loans the Company uses, as applicable, a one month credit conversion factor (“CCF”) estimated according to terms and conditions, considering the increase in the volume of credit cards portfolio.
The loss given default (“LGD”) is the percentage of the exposure at default that is not recoverable. The LGD is estimated using work-out and Chainladder approaches. This percentage depends on days past due, type of product and country, and is estimated by measuring an average of historical recovery rates from defaulted credits. For asset-backed loans, since there is almost no information to apply either a work-out or Chainladder approach, the Company is using a Basel III-based LGD for credit risk management.
The measurement of CECL is based on probability-weighted scenarios (probability of default for each month), in view of past events, current conditions and adjustments to reflect the reasonable and supportable forecast of future economic conditions.
The Company writes off loans receivable when the customer balance becomes
360
days past due.
Accounts receivable
To measure the CECL, accounts receivable have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the number of days past due. The Company has therefore concluded historical loss rates are a reasonable approximation of the expected loss rates for those assets. Accounts receivable are recovered over a period of 0-180 days, therefore, forecasted changes to economic conditions are not expected to have a significant effect on the estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts.
The Company writes off accounts receivable when the customer balance becomes
180
days past due.
Credit card receivables and other means of payments
Management assesses balances for credit losses included in credit card receivables and other means of payments, based on a review of the average period for which the financial asset is held, credit ratings of the financial institutions and probability of default and