uncertain and fluid, and it is possible that such laws and regulations may be interpreted or applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our products and services. Any such new laws or regulations, any changes to existing laws and regulations and any such interpretation or application may affect demand for our products and services, impact our ability to effectively transfer data across borders in support of our business operations or increase the cost of providing our products and services. Additionally, any actual or perceived breach of such laws or regulations, including due to vulnerabilities or data breaches, may subject us to investigations and claims and may lead to administrative, civil or criminal liability, as well as reputational harm to our Company and our employees. We could also be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices, or modify our products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We expect to allocate significant additional resources to prevent security or privacy breaches and to address issues caused by any breaches. In the event of a personal data breach, we may be required to notify the relevant authorities (including central banks and other regulators overseeing our fintech operations) and/or the affected individuals. Such mandatory disclosures could lead to negative publicity, damage our reputation, devalue our brands and may cause our current and prospective customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. The use of AI/ML, including potential inadvertent disclosure of confidential information or personal data, could also lead to legal and regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, or may give rise to specific obligations, including required notices, consents and opt-outs, under various data privacy, protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations in a number of jurisdictions.
While we maintain certain insurance policies, we do not carry insurance that reimburses us for losses caused by security breaches. Some of our systems have experienced past security breaches that did not have a material adverse effect on our operating results or reputation. However, there is no assurance that future breaches will have a similar outcome. We cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent breaches or that the failure to prevent such incidents will not materially affect our business, operations, financial condition or reputation. Moreover, any network or data security breaches involving companies we acquire, our customers, partners or vendors—including service providers—could result in similar negative consequences.
We may not be able to secure licenses for technologies on which we rely
We rely on certain technologies that we license from third parties that supply key database technology, operating systems and specific hardware components for our services. We cannot