financial interest or (iii) in which the voting rights of some equity investors are disproportionate to their obligation to absorb losses or their right to receive returns and substantially all of the entity’s activities are conducted on behalf of the equity investors with disproportionately few voting rights. The Company consolidates VIEs of which it is the primary beneficiary. The Company is considered to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE when it has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. See Note 21 – Securitization transactions of these audited consolidated financial statements for additional detail on the VIEs used for securitization purposes.
Change in the presentation of certain financial results and reclassification of prior years results
Change in the presentation of certain financial results
Mercado Pago Fintech platform operations have significantly evolved during the last several years, not only because of the increase in the volume of transactions but also as a result of transitioning from being a non-regulated business to a regulated business, subject to the oversight of central banks and other regulators in the various countries in which the Company operates (refer to Note 3 – Fintech Regulations for further details).
Many of the regulations to which the Company is subject require the Company, among other things, to maintain liquidity reserves to guarantee the funds on users’ account balances in their Mercado Pago digital accounts. Depending on the country, these reserves can be partially or totally invested. During the last several years, these new regulations, coupled with the increase in the volume of transactions, have led the Company to view interest income and other financial gains from investments of these liquidity reserves as part of the Company’s operations.
85
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Furthermore, the evolution of Mercado Pago’s activities themselves has resulted in the Company managing a significant volume of cash, cash equivalents and investments. This is due to an increase in users’ account balances in their Mercado Pago digital account managed by the Company, and an increase in the level of the Company’s indebtedness to finance those operations. As a result, these Mercado Pago’s funds, together with the financing activities, have generated a significant volume of interest income and other financial gains and interest expenses and other financial losses, respectively.
The Company believes that these regulatory trends and related activities will continue and, therefore, with the goal of creating a better measure of the performance of the Company, the Company decided to reclassify and present certain financial results from “Other income (expenses)” to “Net services revenues and financial income” and “Cost