hedged debt is recorded at the floating rate. Cash flows associated with the fair value hedges are included in cash flows from investing activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
94
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
The Company also uses future contracts to hedge the interest rate exposure of its asset-backed loan portfolio originated in Brazil. In these cases, where the assets included in the portfolio share the same risk exposure, the Company designated the future contracts as fair value hedges under the portfolio layer method. The derivative’s gain or loss is reported in the consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the financial assets due to the hedged risks. Accordingly, the Company unlocks its portfolio's fixed rate to mitigate the effect of interest rate fluctuations. Cash flows associated with the fair value hedges are included in cash flows from investing activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
Finally, the Company also hedges its economic exposure to foreign currency risk related to foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities with foreign derivative currency contracts and interest rate fluctuation with swap contracts which were not designated as hedges. Accordingly, these outstanding non-designated derivatives are recognized in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets at fair value, and changes in fair value from these contracts are recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income.
Funds payable to customers
Funds payable to customers relate to the Company’s digital account and are originated by the amounts due to users held by the Company. Funds, net of any amount due to the Company by the user, are maintained in the user’s current account until withdrawal is requested by the user. See Note 3 – Fintech Regulations of these audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on regulations over Mercado Pago business.
Amounts payable due to credit and debit card transactions
Amounts payable due to credit and debit card transactions are originated by purchase transactions carried out by the Company’s customers with debit and credit cards issued by the Company.
Provision for buyer protection program
The buyer protection program (“BPP”) is designed to protect buyers in the Marketplace from losses due primarily to fraud or counterparty non-performance for all transactions completed through the Company’s online payment solution Mercado Pago (except for certain excluded categories). The Company’s BPP provides protection to consumers by reimbursing them for the total value of a purchased item and the value of any shipping service paid if it does not arrive, arrives incomplete or damaged, does not match the seller’s description or if the buyer regrets the purchase. The Company is entitled to recover from the third-party carrier companies performing the shipping service certain amounts paid under