net investment hedges is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Cash flow hedges and net investment hedges are subsequently reclassified into the consolidated statements of income in the financial statement line item in which the hedged item is recorded in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. The derivatives’ gain or loss for fair value hedges is reported in our consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the hedged item due to the hedged risks.
As of December 31, 2024, we hold cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalent, short and long-term investments in local currencies in our subsidiaries, and have receivables denominated in local currencies in all of our operations. Our subsidiaries generate revenues and incur most of their expenses in the respective local currencies of the countries in which they operate. As a result, our subsidiaries use their local currency as their functional currency except for our Argentine subsidiaries, whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar due to the inflationary environment. As of December 31, 2024, the total cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalent denominated in foreign currencies totaled $4,032 million, short-term investments denominated in foreign currencies totaled $3,779 million and accounts receivable, credit card receivables and other means of payments and loans receivable in foreign currencies totaled $10,437 million. As of December 31, 2024, we had $495 million long-term investments denominated in foreign currencies. To manage exchange rate risk, our treasury policy is to transfer most cash and cash equivalents in excess of working capital requirements into U.S. dollar-denominated accounts in the United States and to enter into certain foreign exchange derivatives, such as currency forwards contracts, in order to mitigate our exposure to foreign exchange risk. As of December 31, 2024, our U.S. dollar-denominated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1,373 million and our U.S. dollar-denominated long-term investments totaled $708 million.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, we had a consolidated loss on foreign currency of $182 million mainly related to lower foreign exchange losses due to acquisitions of financial instruments in the Argentine market at a price that reflects an additional cost of accessing U.S. dollars through an indirect mechanism due to restrictions imposed by the Argentine government for buying U.S. dollars at the official exchange rate, and due to lower foreign exchange losses from our Argentine subsidiaries. This was partially offset by higher foreign exchange losses from our Brazilian and Mexican subsidiaries.
65
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
The table below shows the impact on our net revenues and financial income, cost of net