revenues and financial income in local currencies, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 as compared to the same periods in 2023 and 2022, respectively:
(1)
The local currency revenue growth was calculated by using the average monthly exchange rates for each month during 2023 and applying them to the corresponding months in 2024, so as to calculate what our financial results would have been had exchange rates remained stable from one year to the next. See also the “Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance” section for details on FX neutral measures.
(2)
The local currency revenue growth was calculated by using the average monthly exchange rates for each month during 2022 and applying them to the corresponding months in 2023, so as to calculate what our financial results would have been had exchange rates remained stable from one year to the next. See also the “Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance” section for details on FX neutral measures.
(3)
For the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the average inter-annual inflation rate in our Argentine segment was 236.8%, 127.9% and 70.7%, respectively.  See also "Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks related to doing business in Latin America - Local currencies used in the conduct of our business are subject to depreciation, volatility and exchange controls".
46
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Cost of net revenues and financial expenses
Cost of net revenues and financial expenses primarily includes shipping operation costs (including warehousing costs), carrier and other operating costs, cost of goods sold, collection fees, sales taxes, funding costs related to our lending solution and Mercado Pago business, fraud prevention expenses, hosting and site operation fees, certain tax withholding related to export duties, compensation for customer support personnel and depreciation and amortization. The following table presents cost of net revenues and financial expenses for the years indicated:
(1)
Recast for consistency with the current presentation due to the change in the presentation of certain financial results. Please refer to Note 2 – Summary of significant accounting policies - Change in the presentation of certain financial results and reclassification of prior years results to our audited consolidated financial statements for further details.
For the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, the increase in cost of net revenues and financial expenses was primarily attributable to a: i) $2,542 million increase in shipping operating and carrier costs mainly due to an increase in the share of shipping services where we act as principal, as opposed to agent; ii) $474 million increase in cost of sales of goods mainly in Brazil and Mexico, partially offset by a decrease in Argentina; iii) $341 million increase in collection fees, which was mainly attributable to our Brazilian and Mexican operations as a result of growth of total payment volume