changing and fast growing innovative and disrupting industry.
20
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
We are expanding our investment in AI across the entire Company. This includes using generative AI and continuing to integrate AI capabilities into our products and services. While AI/ML can present significant benefits, it can also present risks and challenges to our business. Data sourcing, technology integration, bias in decision-making algorithms, security challenges and the protection of personal privacy could slow down or impair the adoption and acceptance of AI/ML. AI technology and services are highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and require significant investment, including development and operational costs, to meet the changing needs and expectations of our existing users and attract new users. Our ability to deploy and leverage certain AI technologies critical for our products and services and for our business strategy, and to enhance productivity across the organization, may depend on the availability and pricing of third-party equipment and technical infrastructure. Additionally, other companies may develop AI products and technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies or more cost-effective to deploy. Other companies may also have (or in the future may obtain) patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights that could prevent, limit, or interfere with our ability to make, use, or sell our own AI products and services. We may not be able to compete effectively with our competitors and our strategy to integrate AI/ML technology into our products and services may also not be accepted by our customers or by other businesses in the marketplace. Furthermore, the non-deterministic nature of generative AI outputs may undermine the reliability and trustworthiness of our products and services, which may lead to customer dissatisfaction, brand or reputational harm or legal or regulatory liabilities. If the output from AI/ML in our products or services is deemed to be inaccurate or questionable, or if the use of AI/ML does not operate as anticipated or perform as promised, our business and reputation may be harmed. The integration of AI/ML may also expose us to risks regarding intellectual property ownership and license rights, particularly if any copyrighted material is embedded in training models.
We rely on third-party platforms, such as Google Play and Apple app stores, to access our Mercado Libre and Mercado Pago apps
Our Mercado Libre and Mercado Pago apps are accessed through third-party platforms, such as Google and Apple’s app stores. We are subject to the standard terms and conditions that these providers have for application developers, which govern the content, promotion, distribution, and operation of apps on their platforms or marketplaces, and which the providers can change unilaterally on short or no notice. Those terms and conditions include limitations on the sale of digital goods and services (e.g.,