our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for further detail on purchase commitments.
We and certain financial institutions participate in a supplier finance program (“SFP”) that enables certain of our suppliers, at their own election, to request the payment of their invoices to the financial institutions earlier than the terms stated in our payment policy. Suppliers’ voluntary inclusion of invoices in the SFP does not change our payment terms, the amounts paid or liquidity. The supplier invoices that have been confirmed as valid under the program require payment in full according to the terms established in our payment policies (between 60 and 90 days). There are no assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees provided for the committed payment to the financial institution. We have no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to participate in the SFP and have no financial impact in connection with the SFP. As of March 31, 2025, the obligations outstanding that the Company has confirmed as valid to the financial institutions amounted to $444 million, and are included in the balance sheet within accounts payable and accrued expenses.
As of March 31, 2025, our main source of liquidity was $3,718 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, which excludes $4,341 million of restricted investments mainly related to the Central Bank of Brazil Mandatory Guarantee, and consists of cash generated from operations and proceeds from loans.
As of March 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments of our non-U.S. subsidiaries amounted to $9,644 million, or 88.5% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments, and our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments held outside U.S. amounted to 81.0% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments. Our non-U.S. dollar-denominated cash and investments are located primarily in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina.
45
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
The following table presents our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash provided by operating activities in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 resulted mainly from our net income of $494 million, adjustments to net income related to non-cash items of $779 million and interest received from investments of $127 million, partially offset by an increase in other assets of $247 million and a decrease in accounts payable and in accrued expenses of $191 million. The $481 million decrease in the net cash provided by operating activities in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, is mainly explained by the decrease of $669 million in funds