third party IP or generate outputs which may contain or be substantially similar to third-party material protected by intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights or trademarks, heightening our exposure to IP disputes. Using third-party AI tools raises concerns about the origin of content, which may lead to IP infringements that could inadvertently implicate us. Inventions or works of authorship created through the use of AI/ML may be based or rely on, or contain, materials that were used in the training of such AI/ML technologies and which are identical or similar to third-party intellectual property, which could further limit our ability to obtain intellectual property protection in such inventions or works of authorship. In addition, AI tools may access our confidential information, including personal data. Moreover, there is a risk that an employee may input confidential information, including material non-public information, trade secrets or personal identifiable information, into AI/ML applications, resulting in such information becoming accessible by third parties, including our competitors. As AI tools continue to evolve, ensuring protection against IP infringement and avoiding risks related to leaks of confidential information becomes progressively more challenging. Such challenges could also affect our consumers’ and the public’s perception of our Company.
As our Company’s business grows and our reliance on OSS and AI tools increases, the potential risk of facing IP claims becomes more pronounced. Addressing these infringement claims can be costly, time-consuming, and could significantly impact our business, operational results, financial health and reputation.
Cybersecurity and Technology Risks
Any delay or problem with operating or upgrading our existing information technology infrastructure could cause a disruption in our business and adversely impact our financial results
Our ability to operate our business on a day-to-day basis largely depends on the efficient operation of our information technology infrastructure and our cloud providers, the largest of which are Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform. We have been and continue to be susceptible to hacks into our systems or other security breaches by unauthorized third parties. We are also susceptible to errors in connection with any systems upgrade or migration to a different hardware or software system, errors or incidents of our cloud providers, bugs or other problems for any of the software we use, either developed in-house or provided by third parties. Security breaches, financial, regulatory or other developments that might prevent these third parties from providing services to us or our users could harm our business.
Our systems and our information technology infrastructure are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural or man-made disasters, power loss, computer viruses, telecommunication and other operational failures, ransomware attacks or any