de R.L. de C.V. completed in January 2025 (the “DeRemate Spinoff”), MPFS, S. de R.L. de C.V. became a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Notes.
For additional information regarding the 2026 Sustainability Notes and the 2031 Notes please refer to Note 18 to the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, contained in the Company’s 2024 10-K.
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement
On September 27, 2024, the Company entered into a $
400
million amended and restated revolving credit agreement (the “Amended and Restated Credit Agreement”) with the lenders party thereto and the Company’s subsidiaries MercadoLibre S.R.L., Ebazar.com.br Ltda., Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento Ltda., DeRemate.com de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V., MP Agregador, S. de R.L. de C.V., MercadoLibre Chile Ltda., and MercadoLibre Colombia Ltda. as initial guarantors. As a result of the DeRemate Spinoff, MPFS, S. de R.L. de C.V. will become a guarantor under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement in accordance with its terms. The Company’s obligations under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the guarantors, as stated before.
The interest rates under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are based on Term SOFR (“Secured Overnight Funding Rate”) plus an interest margin of
1.00
% per annum, which may be decreased to
0.90
% per annum or increased to
1.15
% per annum depending on the Company’s debt rating, as further provided under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Any loans drawn from the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement must be repaid on or prior to September 27, 2028, which will be automatically extended to September 27, 2029 upon satisfaction, on or prior to August 28, 2027, of the Maturity Extension Conditions (as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), as further provided in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Company is also obligated to pay a commitment fee on the unused amounts of the facility at a rate per annum equal to
25
% of the then Applicable Margin, depending on the Company’s debt rating, as further provided under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.
As of March 31, 2025,
no
amounts have been borrowed under the facility.
NOTE 13.
SECURITIZATION TRANSACTIONS
The process of securitization consists of the issuance of securities collateralized by a pool of assets through a special purpose entity (“SPEs”), often under a VIE.
The Company securitizes financial assets associated with its credit card receivables and loans receivable portfolio. The Company’s securitization transactions typically involve the legal transfer of financial assets to bankruptcy remote SPEs. The Company generally retains economic interests in the collateralized securitization transactions, which are retained in the form of subordinated interests. For accounting purposes, the Company is generally precluded from recording the transfers of assets in securitization transactions as sales