FORM 10-K
FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
3
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Any statements made or implied in this report that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and should be evaluated as such. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “target,” “project,” “should,” “may,” “could,” “will” and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained throughout this report. Our forward-looking statements, and the risks and uncertainties related to them, include, but are not limited to, statements regarding MercadoLibre, Inc.'s expectations, objectives and progress against strategic priorities; initiatives and strategies related to our products and services; business and market outlook, opportunities, strategies and trends; impacts of foreign exchange; the potential impact of the uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical environment on our financial results; customer demand and market expansion; our planned product and services releases and capabilities; industry growth rates; future stock repurchases; our expected tax rate and tax strategies; and the likelihood, impact and result of pending legal, administrative and tax proceedings or government investigations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors (in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this report) that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of the material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections are described in “Item 1A—Risk Factors” in Part I of this report. You should read that information in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of Part II of this report, as well as the factors discussed in the other reports and documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We note such information for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report, generally because they are unknown to us or we do not perceive them to be material that could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. You are advised,