recorded when, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the Company’s deferred tax assets will not be realized. In accordance with ASC 740, Management periodically assesses the need to either establish or reverse a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets considering positive and negative objective evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. In its assessment, Management considers, among other factors, the nature, frequency and magnitude of current and cumulative losses on an individual subsidiary basis, projections of future taxable income, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, as well as feasible tax planning strategies, which would be employed by the Company to prevent tax loss carryforwards from expiring unutilized.
Under U.S. GAAP, the Company is allowed to make an accounting policy choice of either (1) treating taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”) as a current period expense when incurred (the “period cost method”) or (2) factoring such amounts into a company’s measurement of its deferred taxes (the “deferred method”). The Company selected the period cost method. Accordingly, the Company was not required to record any impact in connection with the potential GILTI tax as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Uncertainty in income taxes
The Company recognizes, if any, uncertainty in income taxes by applying the accounting prescribed by U.S. GAAP, for which a more likely than not recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return should be considered. It also provides guidance on derecognition, classification of a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, accounting for interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods and expanded income tax disclosures. The Company classifies interest and penalties within income tax expense, in the consolidated statements of income.
The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. The material jurisdictions that are subject to examination by tax authorities primarily include Argentina (for tax year 2018 onwards), the U.S. (for tax year 2021 onwards), Brazil and Mexico (for tax year 2019 onwards).
Tax incentives
ICMS tax benefits
eBazar.com.br Ltda., a Brazilian wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has ICMS (Imposto sobre Circulação de Mercadorias, Serviços de Transporte Interestadual, Intermunicipal e Comunicação) tax incentives granted by the State of Minas Gerais in the form of tax credits, through a special regime signed with the State by means of a term of agreement, which are aimed at implementing and expanding business in that State. The Company accounted for the tax benefit netting against cost of net revenues and financial expenses for $
103
million, $
69
million and $
36
million for