the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Social Contribution on Gross Revenues
Meli Developers Brasil Ltda., a Brazilian wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company which provides IT services, has been granted access to the Social Contribution on Gross Revenues (“CPRB” according to its Portuguese acronym) Regime. This regime was extended from December 31, 2023, to December 31, 2024. The CPRB Regime comprised the payment of social security contributions at a 4.5% rate over the gross revenues, as opposed to 20% over the compensation paid to employees. The Company accounted for the tax benefit netting against product and development technology expenses for $
24
million, $
24
million and $
9
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Derivative financial instruments
The Company’s operations are in various foreign currencies and consequently are exposed to foreign currency risk. Additionally, the funding of its operations through variable rate financial debt makes the Company exposed to interest rate fluctuation risks. As a consequence, the Company uses derivative instruments to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows which were designated as hedges. All outstanding derivatives are recognized in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The designated derivative’s gain or loss in a cash flow hedge is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and is subsequently reclassified into the consolidated statements of income in the financial statement line item in which the variability of the hedged item is recorded in the period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. The designated derivative’s gain or loss in the net investment hedge is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into the consolidated statements of income in the same period that the interest expense affects earnings. Cash flows associated with the cash flow and net investment hedges are included in cash flows from investing activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
Additionally, the Company uses swap contracts to hedge the interest rate and the foreign currency exposure of its fixed-rate, foreign currency financial debt issued by its non-US subsidiaries. The Company designated the swap contracts as fair value hedges. The derivative’s gain or loss is reported in the consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the financial debt due to the hedged risks. Since the terms of the interest rate swaps match the terms of the hedged debt, changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged debt attributable to changes in interest rates. Accordingly, the net impact in current earnings is that the interest expense associated with the