of the original debt. The BACEN also adopted rules in Resolution CMN N° 5,112 that provide guidance and define criteria for calculating the original value of the debt in card revolving and invoice financing operations. To comply with the new regulation, we reduced the duration of the credit card invoice financing plans beginning in January 2024.
On June 28, 2024, Law No. 14,905 was enacted, modifying Decree No. 22,626, known as the "Lei da Usura". The law came into force on August 28, 2024, resulting in operations undertaken with institutions authorized by the BACEN, such as Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento Ltda., no longer being subject to the previously imposed interest rate cap.
Argentina
In January 2020, the Central Bank of Argentina (“CBA”) enacted regulations relating to payments service providers that apply to the Fintech institutions that are not financial institutions but nevertheless, provide payment services in at least one of the stages of the payment system. The regulation sets forth certain specific rules related to (i) providing information to users; (ii) depositing users’ funds in a freely available bank account; (iii) allowing users to dispose immediately of the funds credited to their accounts; and (iv) providing information to the CBA relating to the business of payment processing. On July 7, 2020, MercadoLibre S.R.L. was registered with the CBA as a payment service provider in accordance with applicable regulations.
As a non-financial loan provider, since March 1, 2021, we have been required to provide certain information on a monthly basis as part of a new reporting regime. We have been registered as a “Proveedor No Financiero de Crédito” (non-financial loan provider) with the CBA since December 18, 2020. The regulation also requires that we comply with certain rules established by the CBA regarding, among other things: (i) interest rates in loan operations; (ii) protection of users of financial services; (iii) methods of communication with users of financial services; and (iv) such users’ access to information concerning their contractual obligations. The rules regarding interest rates became effective on January 1, 2021, and the rules regarding the protection of users of financial services, methods of communication and access to information became effective on February 1, 2021.
On September 1, 2022, the CBA issued a regulation that extended the application of the rules for the protection of users of financial services to payment services providers who offer payment accounts (“PSPOCP” according to its Spanish acronym). The regulation was already applicable to non-financial loan providers. This regulation came into effect on March 1, 2023. On February 15, 2023, the CBA issued another regulation requiring PSPOCPs to comply with the Information Regime on Claims and the Information Regime on Transparency, Chapter II.
14
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
On May 18, 2023 and May 30, 2023, the CBA enacted new regulations