accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into the consolidated statements of income in the Cost of net revenues and financial expenses line item within the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2024, there are no outstanding derivatives hedging the interest rate fluctuation of the financial debt designated as cash flow hedges.
Fair value hedges
The Company has entered into swap contracts to hedge the interest rate and the foreign currency exposure of its fixed-rate, foreign currency financial debt held by its Brazilian subsidiaries. The Company designated the swap contracts as fair value hedges. The derivatives’ gain or loss is reported in the consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the financial debt due to the hedged risks. Since the terms of the interest rate swaps match the terms of the hedged debts, changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged debts attributable to changes in interest rates. Accordingly, the net impact in current earnings is that the interest expense associated with the hedged debts is recorded at the floating rate.
The Company also uses future contracts to hedge the interest rate exposure of its asset-backed loan portfolio originated in Brazil. In these cases, where the assets included in the portfolio share the same risk exposure, the Company designated the future contracts as fair value hedges under the portfolio layer method. The derivatives’ gain or loss is reported in the consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the financial assets due to the hedged risks. Accordingly, the Company will unlock its portfolio's fixed-rate to mitigate the effect of interest rate fluctuations.
138
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Net investment hedge
The Company used cross currency swap contracts, to reduce the foreign currency exchange risk related to its investment in its Brazilian foreign subsidiaries and the interest rate risk. This derivative was designated as a net investment hedge and, accordingly, gains and losses are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The derivatives’ gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into the consolidated statements of income in the Interest expense and other financial losses and “Foreign currency losses, net” line items, in the same period that the interest expense affects earnings. As of December 31, 2024, there are no outstanding derivatives hedging the interest rate fluctuation of the financial debt designated as cash flow hedges.
Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments
The Company entered into certain foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge the foreign currency fluctuations related to certain transactions denominated in U.S. dollars of certain of its Brazilian subsidiaries, whose