Empleados de Comercio y Servicios), and some of our employees in Chile are represented by the Mercado Libre Chile Employees’ Union. In Mexico some of our fulfillment employees are represented by the Mexican Commercial Labor Union (Federación Obrera Sindical de la República Mexicana). Unions or local regulations in other countries could also require that employees be represented.
We consider our relations with our employees to be good and we implement a variety of human resources practices, programs and policies that are designed to hire, develop, compensate and retain our employees.
Culture and Development
Our entrepreneurial culture is the most significant attribute that makes Mercado Libre a unique place to work. This characteristic, which dates back to our early days in a garage in Buenos Aires, continues to thrive among the more than 84,000 talented individuals who comprise our exceptional team across Latin America.
The DNA of MercadoLibre, embedded in our culture, is best exemplified by a proactive attitude: a relentless commitment to creating value for our users through risk-taking and innovation, all while delivering excellence as a collective.
2024 marked our 25th anniversary, and we celebrate how far we have come, achieving extraordinary and sustainable results. Throughout the years, our culture has been instrumental in shaping our Company’s dynamic and successful journey, serving as a competitive advantage and a crucial differentiator.
Our leadership team plays a central role in exemplifying our culture. One of our Leadership principles is to “Lead by Example.” We expect our leaders to be the first to give their all, to inspire enthusiasm, and, above all, to embody our culture and DNA through their actions. In the past year, we have trained over 2,700 leaders to serve as multipliers of our DNA. This initiative included more than 140 training sessions focused on enhancing the impact of our leaders, emphasizing the importance of overcoming challenges, embodying a proactive attitude and delivering effective feedback. We are thrilled with the positive outcomes this initiative has generated, not only for the participants and their teams but also for the overall business results.
This year, as in every year, we measured the levels of employee engagement, receiving responses from more than 60,000 employees, and we achieved a remarkable 91% favorability. This milestone is particularly significant as we recognize that managing team engagement is an indispensable responsibility of our leaders. In addition, our “Leading Operations” program trained more than 3,775 leaders to strengthen management within our logistics operations. This initiative has boosted productivity and supported our goal of expanding our logistics network to every home in Latin America.
To thrive in the diverse markets we serve, attracting, engaging and developing top talent is paramount. At MercadoLibre, we achieve this by providing meaningful experiences and co-creating an