amendments in this update improve the effectiveness and comparability of disclosures by adding disclosures of pretax income (or loss) and income tax expense (or benefit) and removing disclosures that no longer are considered cost beneficial or relevant. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The guidance should be applied on a prospective basis while retrospective application is permitted. The Company is assessing the effects that the adoption of this accounting pronouncement may have on its financial statements.
On November 4, 2024, the FASB issued the ASU 2024-03 “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.” The amendments in this update improve financial reporting by requiring disclosure of additional information about certain costs and expenses in the notes to financial statements at interim and annual reporting, such as the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization included in each relevant expense caption; a qualitative description of the amounts remaining in relevant expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively; the total amount of selling expenses and, in annual reporting periods, an entity’s definition of selling expenses. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027 (as clarified by ASU 2025-01). Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied either prospectively to financial statements issued for reporting periods after the effective date of this update or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is assessing the effects that the adoption of this accounting pronouncement may have on its financial statements.
NOTE 3.
FINTECH REGULATIONS
Regulations issued by the central banks and other regulators of the countries where the Company operates applicable to its Fintech business are described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company’s 2024 10-K.
Mexico
On March 27, 2025, MPFS, S. de R.L. de C.V. submitted to the National Banking and Securities Commission (“CNBV” according to its Spanish acronym) an authorization request to organize and operate as an investment funds management company through Mercado Pago Fondos, S.A. de C.V., Sociedad Operadora de Fondos de Inversión. As of the date of this filing, this authorization is pending approval.
Argentina
On February 25, 2025 the Argentinian National Securities Commission (“CNV” according to its Spanish acronym) approved the registration of Mercado Pago Inversiones S.R.L. as a Comprehensive Investment Fund