(decrease) in available cash and investments to be a measure of liquidity availability that provides useful information to management and investors after netting out all other debt and corporate payments and activities from the adjusted free cash flow.
The following table shows a reconciliation of Net cash provided by operating activities to Adjusted free cash flow and Net increase in available cash and investments:
(1)
Includes accrued interest and financial income net of interest received from available and restricted investments.
(2)
Includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments (excluding time deposits and foreign government debt securities restricted and held in guarantee) and long-term investments (excluding foreign government debt securities restricted, investments held in VIEs as a consequence of securitization transactions and equity securities held at cost).
64
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to market risks arising from our business operations. These market risks arise mainly from macroeconomic instability and the possibility that changes in interest rates and the U.S. dollar exchange rate with local currencies, particularly the Brazilian Real, Mexican Peso and Argentine Peso due to Brazil’s, Mexico’s and Argentina’s respective share of our revenues, may affect the value of our financial assets and liabilities.
We are also exposed to market risks arising from our long-term retention programs (“LTRPs”). These market risks arise from our obligations to pay employees cash payments in amounts that vary based on the market price of our stock.
Foreign currencies
We have significant operations internationally that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Brazilian Real, Mexican Peso, Argentine Peso, Colombian Peso and Chilean Peso, subjecting us to foreign currency risk, which may adversely impact our financial results. We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant international revenues and costs. In addition, we charge our international subsidiaries for their use of intellectual property and technology and for certain corporate services. Our cash flows, results of operations and certain of our intercompany balances that are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations may differ materially from expectations and we may record significant gains or losses due to foreign currency fluctuations and related hedging activities.
We use foreign currency exchange forward contracts and currency swaps to protect our foreign currency exposure and our investment in a foreign subsidiary from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These hedging contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flow, net investment and fair value hedges for accounting purposes. The derivatives’ gain or loss for cash flow and