the same period in 2024, our operating income margin increased from 12.2% to 12.9%, mainly explained by a decrease in product and technology development and sales and marketing related expenses, as a percentage of net revenues and financial income. This increase was partially offset by an increase in provision of doubtful accounts, as a percentage of net revenues and financial income.
41
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Other income (expenses), net
Other income (expenses), net consists primarily of interest income derived from our investments and cash equivalents, interest expense and other financial charges related to financial liabilities not related to Mercado Pago’s operations, and foreign currency gains or losses. The following table presents Other income (expenses), net for the periods indicated:
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, the increase in other expense, net as compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily attributable to $21 million higher foreign exchange losses mainly due to higher foreign exchange losses from our Argentine and Uruguayan subsidiaries, partially offset by higher foreign exchange gains from our Brazilian subsidiaries. This was partially offset by an increase of $12 million in interest income and other financial gains from financial investments not related to Mercado Pago's operations as a result of higher cash levels invested and higher interest rates (mainly in Brazil and Other countries).
Income tax
We are subject to federal and state income tax in the U.S., as well as foreign taxes in the multiple jurisdictions where we operate. Our tax obligations consist of current and deferred income taxes incurred in these jurisdictions. We account for income taxes following the liability method of accounting. A valuation allowance is recorded when, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Therefore, our income tax expense consists of taxes currently payable, if any (given that in certain jurisdictions we still have net operating loss carry-forwards), plus the change in our deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of the estimate tax rate, adjusted for discrete items that are accounted for in the relevant period.
The following table presents our income tax expense for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
During the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024, income tax expense increased mainly as a result of higher income tax expense in Argentina due to higher taxable income in Argentina. This increase was partially offset by lower income tax expense in Brazil in 2025 mainly driven by lower taxable income in Brazil.
The following table summarizes our estimated effective tax rates for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
(1)
Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than the rounded amounts that appear in the