audited consolidated financial statements for further details.
(7)
Revenues from external customers in the U.S. amounted to $
35
million for the year ended December 31, 2024. There were
no
revenues from external customers in the U.S. for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.
The following tables summarize the allocation of the property and equipment based on geography:
115
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
The following tables summarize the allocation of the operating lease right-of-use assets based on geography:
The following tables summarize the allocation of the goodwill and intangible assets based on geography:
116
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
NOTE 11.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
The following table summarizes the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:
(1)
Measured at fair value with impact on the consolidated statements of income for the application of the fair value option. (See Note 2 – Summary of significant accounting policies – Fair value option applied to certain investments and Meli Dólar liability.)
(2)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023 includes $
283
million and $
269
million, respectively, of money market funds from securitization transactions. (See Note 5 – Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments.)
(3)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023 includes $
12
million and $
23
million, respectively, of investments from securitization transactions. (See Note 5 – Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments.)
117
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
The Company’s assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis were valued using i) Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 instrument valuations are obtained from observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets in active markets); ii) Level 2 inputs: obtained from readily-available pricing sources for comparable instruments as well as instruments with inactive markets at the measurement date; and iii) Level 3 inputs: valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting Company’s assumptions. The unobservable inputs of the fair value of contingent considerations classified as Level 3 refer to the amounts to be paid according to the respective agreements of each acquisition, the likelihood of achievement of the performance targets arising from each one (expected to be 100%), and the Company’s historical experience with similar arrangements. Reasonable variation on those unobservable inputs would not significantly change the fair value of those instruments. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had not changed the methodology nor the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the financial instruments.
There were no transfers to and from Levels