first-party basis from our own inventory and related shipping fees.
■
Fintech revenue
Our Fintech business is comprised of three primary revenue streams: (a) Financial services and income, which includes revenues from commissions we charge for transactions off-platform derived from use of the payment solution and asset management product, offering installments, either when we finance transactions directly or when we sell the corresponding financial assets, interest earned on cash and investments as part of Mercado Pago activities, including those required due to fintech regulations, net of interest gains pass through our Brazilian users in connection with our asset management product, as well as Mercado Pago debit card commissions, and insurtech fees; (b) Credit Revenues, which includes revenues from interest earned on loans and advances granted to merchants and consumers, and interest and commissions earned on Mercado Pago credit card transactions; and (c) Fintech Product Sales, which includes revenues from sales of mobile point of sales devices.
Our strategy
Our main focus is to serve people in Latin America by enabling wider access to e-commerce, digital payments and financial services. By providing compelling technology-based solutions that democratize commerce and money, we contribute to the development of a large and growing digital economy in the region.
We serve our buyers by giving them access to a broad and affordable variety of products and services, a selection we believe to be larger than otherwise available to them via other online and offline sources serving our Latin American markets. We believe we serve our sellers by giving them access to a larger and more geographically diverse user base at a lower overall cost and investment than offline venues serving our Latin American markets. Additionally, we provide payment settlement services and shipping solutions to facilitate such transactions, and advertising solutions to promote them. We also serve our users by making financial services more accessible through different credit and other financial products and by fostering entrepreneurship and social mobility, with the goal of creating significant value for our stakeholders.
More broadly, we strive to make inefficient markets more efficient through technology and in that process generate value for all our stakeholders.
To achieve these objectives, we intend to pursue the following strategies:
■
Expand into additional transactional service offerings.
Our strategic focus is to enable online transactions of multiple types of goods and services throughout Latin America. Consequently, we strive to launch online transactional offerings in new product and service categories where we believe business opportunities exist. These new transactional offerings include, but are not limited to: (a) offering additional product categories in our Marketplace, (b) bringing new brands to our Marketplace, (c) complementing our 3P selection with 1P goods