of Mercado Pago in those countries; iv) $202 million increase in sales taxes; and v) $109 million increase in hosting and site operation fees.
Our subsidiaries in Brazil, Argentina and Colombia are subject to certain taxes on revenues, which are classified as a cost of net revenues and financial expenses. These taxes represented 6.6%, 7.7% and 7.5% of net revenues and financial income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Gross profit margins
Our gross profit margin is defined as total net revenues and financial income minus total cost of net revenues and financial expenses, as a percentage of net revenues and financial income.
Our cost structure is directly affected by the level of operations of our services, and our strategic plan on gross profit is built on factors such as an ample liquidity to fund expenses and investments and a cost-effective capital structure.
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, our gross profit margins were 46.1% and 50.2%, respectively. The decrease in our gross profit margin resulted primarily from an increase in our shipping operating and carrier costs, as a percentage of net revenues and financial income mainly due to an increase in the share of shipping services where we act as principal, as opposed to agent, partially offset by a decrease of our other fintech costs, sales taxes and collection fees, as a percentage of net revenues and financial income.
In the future, our gross profit margin could continue declining if we maintain the growth of our sales of goods business, which has a lower pure product margin, building up our logistics network and if we fail to maintain an appropriate relationship between our cost of revenue structure and our net revenues and financial income trend.
Product and technology development expenses
Our product and technology development related expenses consist primarily of compensation for our engineering and web-development staff (including long term retention program compensation), depreciation and amortization expenses related to product and technology development, certain tax withholding related to export duties, telecommunications costs and payments to third-party suppliers who provide technology maintenance services to us. The following table presents product and technology development expenses for the years indicated:
47
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the increase in product and technology development expenses as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily attributable to a: i) $181 million increase in salaries and wages mainly related to the increase of 17% in our product and technology development headcount and increases in amounts accrued under the LTRPs as a consequence of the increase in our common stock price; and ii) $37 million increase in depreciation and amortization expenses mainly related to capitalized information and technology assets. This increase was partially