negatively impact consumers’ perceptions of our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, and the actions taken by governments and other actors to reduce emissions could impose costs that could materially affect our financial condition. In addition, our sustainability initiatives may be unsuccessful for a variety of reasons, including if we are unable to realize the expected benefits of new technologies or if we do not successfully plan or execute new strategies, which in turn could harm our business or damage our reputation.
There are potential risks related to our loyalty program and our cryptocurrency buy, hold and sell feature
There are potential risks to MercadoLibre from the loyalty program. Because of the novelty of digital assets, there is regulatory uncertainty about the legal and accounting treatment of the tokens issued in connection with the loyalty program in certain jurisdictions, which has and may continue to limit our ability to roll out the program in new jurisdictions or continue it successfully or at all under its current terms. Such uncertainty could also subject us to regulatory actions or claims. If the impact of the program becomes material to our operations, our reported results could be affected by variations in the market price of the tokens, since, under the current terms of the program, the tokens can be sold at the then prevailing market price and users may use the resulting fiat currency to purchase products and services on the Mercado Libre Marketplace. Despite our disclaimer of liability for any loss, damage, claim, cost and/or expense that may arise in connection with the loyalty program, users may also try to pursue claims against us if the loyalty program is unsuccessful or the tokens otherwise decrease in value. Any such claims could negatively affect our customers’ confidence in our digital assets, adversely affecting our reputation and results of operations. We cannot assure you that the loyalty program will achieve its objectives relating to customer usage and customer loyalty.
There are also potential risks to MercadoLibre in connection with a feature of our Mercado Pago services that gives customers the ability to access—through our Mercado Pago platform—crypto-assets trading and custody services that are rendered by third parties, which allow users to buy, hold, sell and transfer certain global cryptocurrencies and stablecoins.
For both our token loyalty program and our buy, hold and sell Mercado Pago feature, we rely on third party service providers to perform several functions in connection therewith. Such service providers (“SPs”) provide our customers token and crypto-assets exchange services (whereby customers can buy and sell tokens and certain crypto-assets) as well as tokens and crypto-assets custody services. The SPs are also responsible for securing our customers’ tokens and crypto-assets and protecting them from loss or theft. We, in turn, provide a