that the risk of losing the case under the new laws is not more likely than not based on the technical merits of the Company’s tax position. For that reason, the Company has not recorded any expense or liability for the disputed am
ounts.
T
he Company recorded a corresponding income tax benefit arising from the ICMS tax incentives from January 2024 onwards, which was
$
31
million
as of December 31, 2024.
On April 25, 2023, the Company filed a writ of mandamus seeking an injunction and claiming the exclusion of the amounts relating
to the ICMS tax benefits granted by the State of Minas Gerais in the tax base of the Social Contributions (PIS and COFINS). On May 26, 2023, a decision was rendered granting the injunction requested. On April 25, 2024, a ruling favorable to the Company was issued. On June 7, 2024, the Federal Government filed an appeal. The Company responded to the appeal and the case was referred to the Court for judgment on the request for an appeal. On October 29, 2024, a decision was issued for the proceedings to be suspended until a final decision on the Topic 843/STF. Management’s opinion, based on the opinion of external legal counsel, is that the risk of losing the case is reasonably possible but not probable based on the technical merits of the Company’s tax position. For that reason, the Company has not recorded any expense or liability for the disputed am
ounts. The Company recorded PIS and COFINS tax benefits arising from the ICMS tax incentives, which amount to
$
17
million as of
December 31, 2024.
Services Tax exclusion in the tax base of the Federal Contributions (PIS/COFINS)
On August 29, 2017, the Brazilian subsidiaries, eBazar.com.br Ltda., Ibazar.com Atividades de Internet Ltda.,
Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento
Ltda., and Mercado Envios Serviços de Logística Ltda., filed a writ of mandamus and requested a preliminary injunction before the Federal Justice in Osasco against the Federal Government to exclude the Municipal Service Tax in the tax base of the Federal Contributions (PIS/COFINS). The federal judge granted the preliminary injunction and ruled in favor of the companies on January 15, 2019. On April 8, 2019, the Federal Government presented an appeal that was rejected by the Federal Court. Following the Federal Court's decision, the Federal Government filed two appeals with the superior courts. Since February 12, 2021, the mandamus remained suspended by a decision settled by the Brazilian Supreme Court. The Brazilian Supreme Court started over the judgment on August 28, 2024. However, after a draw in the trial, the judges decided again to suspend the case.
Management, based on the opinion of external legal counsel and the current composition of the Brazilian Supreme Court (who has shown dubious jurisprudence in similar cases), is of the opinion that the risk of losing the case is probable.
For that reason, the Company has recognized a provision for the disputed amounts of
$
48
million
.
Administrative tax