adverse impact on our business model and reputation, and—consequently—on our business results.
We may not be able to adequately protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. We could potentially face claims alleging that our technologies infringe the property rights of others
Our IP rights are pivotal to our continued growth and success. These rights are safeguarded through a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret laws, and contractual measures. With the rapid expansion of our business in recent years, we have witnessed a concurrent rise in infringement on our IP rights, notably on social media platforms. This includes issues such as unauthorized domain name registrations, deceptive apps and counterfeit or fraudulent websites. While we have undertaken measures to defend our IP rights, there is no guarantee that these actions, or any future efforts, will effectively deter misappropriation, safeguard against the dilution of our trademarks, or prevent third parties from creating similar or competing technologies.
Our trademark portfolio is owned by MercadoLibre, Inc. and its subsidiaries. There are no material intellectual property assets jointly owned with any third party. The most valuable intellectual property owned by us is the “Mercado” trademark family portfolio, namely, Mercado Libre and Mercado Pago, among others, and related domain names ("TLDs" and "ccTLDs"), as well as our proprietary software.
We pursue the registration of our IP and other intangible assets in each country where we operate. However, we may not have sufficient protection or such protection might not be granted to us by the appropriate regulatory authority in every country where our services are available online. Thus, our ability to protect our brands and our products and services against third-party infringers may be compromised and we could face claims by third-party IP owners. Any claims relating to these issues, whether meritorious or not, could cause us to enter into costly litigation or settlements, potentially including royalty arrangements, awards of monetary damages or orders limiting our ability to sell our products and services. We may also be required to enter into licensing agreements, which may be on terms that are unfavorable to us and some of the licenses may be not be available to us at all. If any of these claims against us are successful, we may also have to modify some of our brand identifiers and/or domain names in certain countries or stop offering certain features, functionalities, products or services in certain jurisdictions. Any of these circumstances could divert the attention of management and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial situation.
31
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or copyrighted material, to third parties. Though our license agreements contain