customary restrictions on our licensees, and we exercise oversight over our licensees’ use of our IP, our licensees may take actions that could affect the value of our proprietary rights or reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, many of our agreements with our customers and partners, the terms of which often survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement, require us to defend such parties against certain intellectual property infringement claims and indemnify them for damages and losses arising from certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in increased costs for defending such claims or significant damages if there is an adverse ruling in any such claims. These defense costs and indemnity payments could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use of our products and services as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenue and adversely affect our business.
Our Company extensively utilizes open source software (“OSS”), presenting significant intellectual property challenges. In 2022, we established the OSPO (Open Source Program Office) to oversee OSS compliance, contribute to open source project development, and implement company-wide OSS usage policies. Despite the implementation of OSPO, we cannot guarantee that all of our employees accurately use and integrate OSS tools. As a result, given the high level of OSS consumption in our Company, we cannot guarantee that our use of OSS software will not inadvertently infringe upon third-party intellectual property rights or fully comply with pertinent OSS licenses. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our employees will not disclose any Company software to the open source software community. From time to time, companies that use OSS have faced claims challenging the use of OSS and/or demanding compliance with open source license terms. We could be subject to suits by parties claiming non-compliance with open source licensing terms. Moreover, these licenses may subject us to certain unfavorable conditions, including requirements that we offer our products that incorporate, are based on or that link to OSS for no cost, that we make publicly available the source code for any of our proprietary software that we create based upon, or that incorporates, links to or otherwise uses the OSS, or that we license such software under the terms of the particular open source license.
The integration of AI tools into our products and services presents significant IP challenges. Determining IP ownership for AI-generated content remains ambiguous in some jurisdictions, which may potentially lead to infringement claims by third parties. AI tools might also unintentionally access or use