regulatory investigations, remediation efforts, indemnification expenditures, reputational harm, negative publicity, lost revenues and/or other potential liabilities, in each case depending on the nature of the information disclosed.
The techniques employed to gain unauthorized, improper or illegal access to our systems, data, or customers' data—such as disabling or degrading services or sabotaging systems—are constantly evolving. These techniques have become increasingly complex and sophisticated, can be challenging to detect quickly and are often not recognized until actively deployed against a target. While we may not initially assess some of these issues as material and may address them promptly, there is no guarantee that such incidents will not result in significant legal, financial or reputational harm, including government inquiries, enforcement actions, litigation and negative publicity.
Unauthorized parties have, and may continue to, attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through various means, including hacking into our systems or those of our customers, partners or vendors. They may also attempt to fraudulently induce our employees, customers, partners, vendors or other system users to disclose usernames, passwords, payment card information or other sensitive data. Such information could then be used to access our information technology systems or those of our third-party partners. Our users have been, and will likely continue to be, targeted by fraudulent “spoof” and “phishing” emails that appear to originate from Mercado Libre, Mercado Pago or another user of our services. These emails direct recipients to fake websites operated by malicious actors or falsely claim that a payment was credited by Mercado Pago, requesting that the recipient send a product or confidential information, such as passwords.
Our information technology systems and infrastructure, including our source code, as well as those of third parties with whom we collaborate, have been—and may continue to be—vulnerable to cyberattacks and security breaches. Unauthorized parties may gain access to customers' personal or proprietary information, including credit and debit card data stored on or accessible through these systems. This access could also disrupt our business operations, including financial, e-commerce and logistics services.
Furthermore, our security measures may be compromised due to human error, misconduct, system malfunctions, vulnerabilities or other irregularities. Efforts to address undesirable activities on our platform may also increase the risk of retaliatory attacks.
The laws and regulations relating to personal data are constantly evolving as governments continue to adopt new measures addressing data privacy and processing (including collection, storage, transfer, disposal and use) of personal data. Moreover, the interpretation and application of many existing or recently enacted privacy and data protection laws and regulations are