through our mobile app or website. Third-party sellers ("3P") account for most of the GMV transacted on the Marketplace. We complement this by selling directly to consumers on a first-party basis ("1P") in selected categories where we can enhance price competitiveness and assortment; this accounts for less than 10% of GMV. The Marketplace has an extensive assortment of products, with a wide range of categories including consumer electronics, apparel and beauty, home goods, automotive accessories, toys, books and entertainment and consumer packaged goods. We also have a selection of international products available, primarily from sellers in China and the U.S., through our cross-border trade (“CBT”) operations. Our users can also list vehicles, properties and services they are looking to sell via Mercado Libre Classifieds. These listings differ from our Marketplace listings because we charge placing fees only, not final value fees.
Mercado Envios is a logistics solution that is one of the value-added services that we offer to our sellers and buyers on our platform. The logistics services we offer are an integral and crucial part of our value proposition as they reduce friction between buyers and sellers, allow us to have greater control over the full user experience and enable faster deliveries at a more competitive cost than would otherwise be available with third-party carriers. Sellers that use Mercado Envios are eligible to access shipping subsidies that enable free or discounted shipping for consumers that buy sellers' goods on our Marketplace. Our logistics network is built around fulfillment centers (which accounts for more than half of shipments), where sellers place their inventory in our warehouses, and cross-docking, where we collect items sold from sellers directly or via a network of thousands of partner stores ("MELI Places") where sellers drop off sold items that need to be fed into our logistics network. MELI Places are also enabled for pick up of items purchased and processing of returns. Our transportation network includes dedicated aircraft, trucks and thousands of last-mile delivery vans, the vast majority of which are owned and operated by our third-party carriers.
Our advertising platform, Mercado Ads, is another value-added service that we offer to sellers on our platform and brands both on- and off-platform. The platform enables sellers and brands to access the millions of consumers that browse and purchase on our Marketplace, as well as the first-party data that all of these engagements generate. This enables advertisers to target highly granular audiences. The products we offer are Product Ads (sponsored listings), Brands Ads (product carrousels), Display Ads (banners) and Video Ads, the last two of which we are able to offer inventory off-platform as well as on our own Marketplace and fintech platform.
Mercado Shops is a service we offer to sellers to complement their business on our Marketplace. It is a digital