loss given default models.
91
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
Transfer of financial assets
The Company may sell credit card receivables and loans receivable to financial institutions, included within “
Credit card receivables and other means of payments, net
” and “
Loans receivable, net
”. These transactions may qualify to be accounted for as a true sale. Accounting guidance on transfer of financial assets establishes that the transferor has surrendered control over transferred assets if and only if all of the following conditions are met: (1) the transferred assets have been isolated from the transferor, (2) each transferee has the right to pledge or exchange the assets it received and (3) the transferor does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets. When all the conditions are met, the Company derecognizes the corresponding financial asset from its consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, Accounts payable and accrued expenses include $
898
million and $
159
million, respectively, related to the sale of credit card receivables from Mercado Libre S.R.L. (payment aggregator) of payments transactions processed by Mercado Pago Servicios de Procesamiento S.R.L. (payment acquirer) in Argentina.
Concentration of credit risk
Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments, credit card receivables and other means of payments, accounts receivable and loans receivable are potentially subject to credit risk. However, there are not significant concentrations of credit risk arising from these financial instruments. Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments are placed with several financial institutions and financial instruments from different countries that are highly liquid and highly rated. Accounts receivable are derived from revenue earned from customers located internationally and are settled through customer credit cards, debit cards and Mercado Pago accounts, with the majority of accounts receivable collected upon processing of credit card transactions. Due to the relatively small dollar amount of individual accounts receivable and loans receivable, the Company generally does not require collateral on these balances.
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, no single customer accounted for more than 5% of net revenues and financial income. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, no single customer, except for credit card processing companies, accounted for more than 5% of accounts receivable and loans receivable. Credit card receivables and other means of payments, net line of the consolidated balance sheets shows the Company’s credit exposure to not more than 10 entities in each of the countries where the Company offers its payments solution.
Inventories
Inventories, consisting of products and mobile point of sale (“MPOS”) devices available for sale, are accounted for using the weighted average price method,