regulations related to access to the foreign exchange market. Among other modifications, these measures include the establishment of floating bands (between 1,000 and 1,400 Argentine Pesos) within which the dollar exchange rate in the foreign exchange market may fluctuate, the elimination of foreign exchange restrictions applicable to individuals, the ability of companies to transfer dividends abroad to non-resident shareholders related to fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025 and provide greater flexibility to make payments abroad for imports of goods and services. As a result of the liberalization of the exchange controls, the Blue Chip Swap Rate in Argentina has substantially converged with the official exchange rate.
Income taxes
Income taxes’ accounting policy is described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company’s 2024 10-K.
The Company’s consolidated estimated effective tax rate for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, increased from
28.5
% to
30.0
%, mainly as a result of lower deductions related to tax inflation adjustments in Argentina, partially offset by lower taxable foreign exchange gains accounted for in Argentina for local tax purposes that are not recorded for accounting purposes since, under U.S. GAAP, the Argentine operations’ functional currency is the U.S. dollar due to the highly inflationary status of the country.
A valuation allowance is recorded when, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the Company’s deferred tax assets will not be realized. In accordance with ASC 740, Management periodically assesses the need to either establish or reverse a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets considering positive and negative objective evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. In its assessment, Management considers, among other factors, the nature, frequency and magnitude of current and cumulative losses on an individual subsidiary basis, projections of future taxable income, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, as well as feasible tax planning strategies, which would be employed by the Company to prevent tax loss carry-forwards from expiring unutilized.
Knowledge-based economy promotional regime in Argentina
In August 2021, the Under Secretariat of Knowledge Economy issued the Disposition 316/2021 approving MercadoLibre S.R.L.’s application for eligibility under the knowledge-based economy promotional regime, established by the Law No. 27,506 and complemented by Argentina’s Executive Power Decree No. 1034/2020, Argentina’s Ministry of Productive Development’s Resolution No. 4/2021 and the Under Secretariat of Knowledge Economy’s Disposition No. 11/2021. On September 13, 2024, Argentina’s Secretariat of Entrepreneurs and Small and Medium Enterprises and Knowledge-Based Economy issued Resolution 267/2024, reducing the aggregate cap on base salaries used to