historical information related to actions filed against the Company. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had accounted for estimated liabilities involving proceeding-related contingencies and other estimated contingencies of $
135
million (net of judicial deposits) within non current other liabilities to cover legal actions against the Company for which its Management has assessed the likelihood of a final adverse outcome as probable. Expected legal costs related to litigations are accrued when the legal service is actually provided. In addition, as of December 31, 2024, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to certain legal actions considered by the Company's Management and its legal counsels to be reasonably possible of resulting in a loss for an aggregate amount up to
$
257
million
.
No
loss amounts have been accrued for such reasonably possible legal actions, the most significant of which are described below.
123
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the contingencies activity during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Tax Claims
Withholding Tax in the Brazil-Argentina Double Taxation Treaty
On November 6, 2014, the Brazilian subsidiaries, Mercadolivre.com Atividades de Internet Ltda., eBazar.com.br Ltda., Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento Ltda. (formerly known as “Mercado Pago.com Representações Ltda.”) and the Argentine subsidiary, MercadoLibre S.R.L., filed a writ of mandamus and requested a preliminary injunction with the Federal Court of Osasco against the federal tax authority to avoid the withholding income tax (“IRRF”) over payments remitted by the Brazilian subsidiaries to MercadoLibre S.R.L. for the provision of IT support and assistance services by the latter, and requested reimbursement of the amounts improperly withheld over the course of the preceding five (5) years, by applying the convention signed between Brazil and Argentina to prevent double taxation (the “Brazil-Argentina Treaty”). The preliminary injunction was granted on the grounds that such withholding income tax violated the convention signed between Brazil and Argentina that prevents double taxation. In August 2015, the injunction was revoked by the first instance judge in an award favorable to the federal tax authority. The Company appealed the decision and deposited into court the disputed amounts. In June 2020, the Company’s appeal was dismissed. The Company submitted a new remedy before the same court in July 2020, which was dismissed on February 17, 2021. On March 18, 2021, the Company filed two appeals with the superior courts. However, the Vice President of the local Federal Court dismissed the remittance of the appeals to the Superior Courts and retained the cases in the local court. Against this decision, the Company filed new appeals, one interlocutory appeal in the Federal Court and other interlocutory appeal in the Superior Courts. On November 29, 2023, the interlocutory appeal was dismissed in the