financial assets associated with its credit card receivables and loans receivable portfolio. The Company’s securitization transactions typically involve the legal transfer of financial assets to bankruptcy remote SPEs. The Company generally retains economic interests in the collateralized securitization transactions, which are retained in the form of subordinated interests. For accounting purposes, the Company is generally precluded from recording the transfers of assets in securitization transactions as sales and is required to consolidate the SPE.
The Company securitizes certain credit card receivables related to users’ purchases through Chilean SPEs. Under the SPE contracts, the Company has determined that it has no obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the SPEs that could be significant because it does not retain any equity certificate of participation or subordinated interest in the SPEs. As the Company does not control the vehicles, its assets, liabilities and related results are not consolidated in the Company’s financial statements.
Additionally, the Company securitizes certain credit card receivables related to users’ purchases through Brazilian SPEs. Under the SPE contracts, the Company has determined that it has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the SPEs that could be significant because it retains subordinated interest in the SPEs. As the Company controls the vehicles, the assets, liabilities and related results are consolidated in its financial statements.
The Company securitizes certain loans receivable through Brazilian, Argentine, Mexican and Chilean SPEs, formed to securitize loans receivable provided by the Company to its users or purchased from financial institutions that grant loans to the Company’s users through Mercado Pago. According to the SPE contracts, the Company has determined that it has both the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the entity that could be significant because it retains the equity certificates of participation and would therefore also be consolidated. When the Company controls the vehicle, it accounts for the securitization transactions as if they were secured financing and therefore the assets, liabilities and related results are consolidated in its financial statements.
The following table summarizes the Company’s collateralized debt under securitization transactions, as of December 31, 2024:
134
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
(1)
Minimum and maximum maturity depending on the applica
ble interest rate within the range.
This secured debt is issued by the SPEs and includes collateralized securities used to fund the Company’s Fintech business. The third-party investors in the securitization transactions have legal recourse only to the assets securing the debt and do not have recourse to the Company.