scheme of Pix since its beginning and is subject to the applicable regulation.
The BACEN implemented the Brazilian Open Finance environment, to enable the sharing of data, products and services between regulated entities — financial institutions, payment institutions and other entities licensed by the BACEN — at the customers’ discretion, as far as their own data is concerned (individuals or legal entities). The Brazilian Open Finance implementation has been gradual, through incremental phases that take into account specific information/services to be shared, and Mercado Pago has been a participant of the Brazilian Open Finance system since February 2021, when its phase 1 started.
Mercado Pago Instituição de Pagamento Ltda. and Mercado Crédito Sociedade de Crédito, Financiamento e Investimento S.A. as regulated entities in Brazil are subject to the supervision of the BACEN and must fully comply with all the obligations established in the current regulation, or be subject to (i) formal warning establishing a deadline for the remediation of non-compliance activity, (ii) penalties for non-compliance, or (iii) shutting down our Mercado Pago business in Brazil for an indefinite period of time, which would be costly.
During March 2022, the BACEN announced new rules for payment institutions based on their size and complexity and raised standards for required capital. The new framework, which was effective starting in July 2023 with full implementation by January 2025, will extend the application of the rule regarding proportionality of regulatory requirements (currently applicable to conglomerates of financial institutions) to financial conglomerates led by payment institutions. The new rules required a gradual increase between 2023 and 2025 in the regulatory capital requirements applicable to our regulated Brazilian entities based on the following schedule: from July 2023 onwards, 6.75%, from January 2024 onwards, 8.75% and from January 2025 onwards, 10.50%.
On May 23, 2023, the BACEN published Joint Resolution No. 6, providing requirements for financial institutions, payment institutions and other institutions authorized to operate by the BACEN with respect to the sharing of data and information pertaining to fraud. According to this regulation, the listed institutions must share certain information related to fraud and interoperate with centralized bureaus, which may be elected by the institutions. In October 2023, the BACEN published Resolution BCB nº 343, which details the information that must be shared, including information relating to fraud in account opening, account maintenance, provision of payment services and credit. These requirements became effective on November 1, 2023, and Mercado Pago is fully compliant, electing CERC as its centralized bureau.
On January 2, 2024, article 28 of Law 14,690 came into force, which caps the total amount that may be charged to a credit card holder in the form of interest and financial charges at the value