platform that acts as an interface for our customers to access the SPs’ services. A disruption in our relationship with the SPs or in any of the services provided by them to users could adversely affect our customers’ confidence in our loyalty program, crypto-assets offerings through the SPs and, by extension, our business.
Our SPs rely on computer software, hardware and telecommunications infrastructure and networking to provide services to our customers related to the token and crypto-assets exchange and custody services. These computer-based services are subject to disruption, delay and/or failure, which could cause our users to lose access to our Mercado Pago platform or to the SPs’ services. Any such technical issues could negatively affect our customers’ confidence in our loyalty program and the crypto-assets offering.
In addition, the SPs maintain the cryptographic private keys that allow access to the digital accounts where our customers’ tokens and crypto-assets are held in custody. While we have taken steps to make our program and these offerings secure, tokens and digital assets in the custody of various other custodians have in the past been hacked or lost. In the event that those private keys are lost, destroyed, unable to be accessed or in any way compromised and no back up of such private keys exists, the SPs will not be able to access the tokens or crypto-assets held on behalf of our customers in their custody. The SPs’ failure to safeguard the crypto-assets owned by our customers may result in losses to our customers, which could adversely affect our customers’ confidence in our tokens and crypto-assets and negatively affect our business. In addition, the decentralized and pseudonymous nature of digital assets raises novel compliance risks and challenges; the SPs’ failure to maintain necessary controls or safeguard against improper transactions—for example, with sanctioned parties— due to process or control oversight could lead to regulatory penalties and reputational harm for the Company.
27
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
The market perception and regulatory environment concerning digital assets, including cryptocurrencies and stablecoins, are uncertain and evolving. Jurisdictions where we operate may enact legislation subjecting us to additional money transmitter or other regulations in connection with our token loyalty program and crypto-assets exchange services or may require us to obtain licenses or regulatory authorizations in connection with these activities. Any changes to, or failure to comply with, these laws and regulations, or any laws or regulations affecting services that involve a partnership with a custodian and blockchain infrastructure providers, may negatively impact our token loyalty program and the ability to enable our customers to buy, hold and sell crypto-assets in the future and may adversely affect our business.
Natural disasters, climate change, geopolitical events, global health epidemics or