operate, as described below:
Brazil
Mercado Pago’s activities are subject to a number of laws and regulations that relate to payment schemes and payment institutions, including Law No. 12,865/2013, which established the first set of rules regulating the electronic payments industry within the Brazilian Payment System (the Sistema de Pagamentos Brasileiro, or “SPB”) and created the concepts of payment schemes and payment institutions.
12
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
In addition, Law No. 12,865/2013 gave the Brazilian Central Bank (“BACEN”), according to guidelines set out by the National Monetary Council (“CMN”) authority to regulate entities involved in the payments industry.
Pursuant to that authority, the CMN and the BACEN created a regulatory framework regulating the operation of payment schemes and payment institutions. A payment arrangement is a set of rules and procedures that regulate the provision of a certain payment service to the public accepted by more than one payee, through direct access by paying and receiving end users. There are two types of payment arrangements, as defined by Resolution 150/21: (i) “Closed Loop Payment Arrangement”: payment arrangements whereby the payment services (account management, issuance and accreditation of payment instrument) are performed by only one legal entity, which also acts as the payment arranger (or is controlled/the controller of the payment arranger) and (ii) “Open Loop Payment Arrangement”: any payment arrangements that do not fit into the concept of “Closed Loop Payment Arrangement”.
Payment institutions are classified into (i) issuers of electronic currency, who manage a prepaid payment account, make available a payment transaction based on the electronic currency deposited in that account, convert such funds into physical or scriptural currency, or vice versa, can also enable its acceptance with settlement in a payment account it manages; (ii) issuers of post-paid payment instruments, who manage post-paid payment accounts that enable users to make payments on a post-paid basis; (iii) acquirer, who without managing payment accounts, enables payees for the acceptance of payment instruments issued by a payment or financial institution and participates in the settlement process of payment transactions as a creditor vis-à-vis the issuer, pursuant to the rules of the payment arrangement; and (iv) payment initiator, who initiates a payment upon a request of a client but it does not touch the money and does not keep passwords to execute payments on behalf of users.
In November 2018, Mercado Pago obtained approval from the BACEN to become a payment institution in the modality of an issuer of electronic currency, pursuant to which Mercado Pago carries out payment processing functions and offers payment accounts to its customers.
The funds held in a payment account: (i) constitute segregated assets in relation to the Mercado Pago’s assets; (ii) are not directly or indirectly available to