cybersecurity incident, these presentations include information about the relevant security incident, such as incident status, informed stakeholders and remediation plans.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
We lea
se facilities in different countries of Latin America that are used for administrative, marketing, product development and shipping activities purposes. All of our offices are occupied under lease agreements, except for three of our Argentine offices and the Venezuelan offices that are owned by the Company. T
he leases for our facilities provide for renewal options and after expiration, we can renegotiate the leases with our current landlords, or move to another location. From time to time we consider various alternatives related to our long-term facility needs. While we believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs, it may become necessary to lease or acquire additional or alternative space to accommodate any future growth.
For Mercado Envios, we operate fulfillment, cross docking and service centers in multiple locations in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia and Uruguay.
Our headquarters are located in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Our data centers are located in Virginia, United States, and occupy approximately 45 square meters. As of December 31, 2024, our owned and leased facilities (excluding data centers) provided us with square meters as follows:
(1)
Includes offices in Venezuela.
(2)
Includes properties that are leased by the Company and managed by third parties.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Please refer to Item 8 of Part II, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16 – Commitments and Contingencies—Litigation and Other Legal Matters.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
37
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market information for Common Stock
Shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“NASDAQ”) under the symbol “MELI”.
Holders of record
As of January 31, 2025, we had 198 holders of record of our common stock. This figure does not reflect the beneficial ownership of shares held in nominee name.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
There were no sales of unregistered securities by us during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Dividend Policy
After reviewing the Company’s capital allocation process, the board of directors has concluded that it has multiple investment opportunities that can generate greater return to shareholders through investing capital into the business over a dividend policy. Consequently, the board of directors suspended the payment of dividend to shareholders as from the first quarter of 2018.
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Company’s equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2024 is set forth in “Item 12. Security Ownership of