Director was assessed as jointly liable with eBazar.com.br, due to his role as statutory officer, under provisions of the National T
ax Code that enable joint tax liability for acts potentially in violation of the law or the by-laws. With respect to IRPJ, CSLL, PIS and COFINS, the tax authorities concluded that the Brazilian company failed to report taxable income as the company has made book entries in the profit and loss accounts, reverting previous revenues or other revenue accounts, as well as for using foreign languages such as English and Spanish in its book-keeping. The tax authorities also claimed that the company failed in the issuance of invoices, disregarding that the company indeed has a Special Tax Regime granted by the Municipality of Osasco that allows the issuance of a single invoice per period. On July 24, 2024 the administrative body of first instance issued a decision in the tax assessment case claiming corporate income taxes (IRPJ and CSLL). The decision issued is partially favorable to the Company as it rejected the punitive fine of
150
% over the tax charged and reduced it to
100
%, but maintained the tax assessment and also the joint tax liability of the Senior Legal Director. On August 28, 2024, after the administrative court of first instance issued an unfavorable decision and maintained the tax assessment, the Company filed an administrative appeal in the administrative court (“CARF”). The case has not yet become final and unappealable. Regarding the IRRF, the amount claimed by the tax authorities is already deposited in court under the writ of mandamus that discusses the company’s right not to pay IRRF on payments made to its affiliate in Argentina, due to the provisions of the Brazil and Argentina double tax treaty (for further details see contingency “Withholding Tax in the Brazil-Argentina Double Taxation Treaty”). Those deposits were incorrectly ignored by tax authorities. The Company presented the objection on January 30, 2023. Taking into account the documents attached to the Company's objection, in the case of PIS and COFINS, the administrative authorities decided in December 2023 to carry out a verification diligence to analyze the documents, which may influence the outcome of the case. The Management’s opinion, based on the opinion of external legal counsel, is that the risk of losing the cases is not more likely than not in the cases of IRPJ and CSLL and reasonably possible, but not probable in the cases of PIS and COFINS, based on the technical merits. In the case of IRRF, the Management’s opinion, based on the opinion of external legal counsel, is that the risk of losing the case is remote. For that reason, the Company has not recorded any expense or liability for the disputed amounts.
Buyer protection program
The maximum potential exposure under this program is estimated to be the volume of payments on the Marketplace, for which claims may be made under the terms and conditions of the Company’s BPP. Based