requested the creation of a Money Market Mutual Fund ("Mercado Fondo Ahorro") from the Argentinian National Securities Commission. Both authorizations were granted on February 5, 2025. In addition, this subsidiary requested the replacement of INDUSTRIAL ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A. as Management Agent of “Mercado Fondo”, which is still pending approval.
As of the date of this filing, the aforementioned subsidiaries have not yet begun their operations.
Mexico
In March 2018, Mexico enacted a new law that regulates both crowd-funders as well as providers of wallets and money transmittal services (the “Fintech Law”). Under the Fintech Law, institutions that provided the aforementioned services prior to its enactment are required to submit an application to the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (the Mexican National Banking Commission or the “CNBV”) to obtain a license, and may continue to provide those services while such license application is being processed.
On April 29, 2022, MercadoLibre, S.A. de C.V. Institución de Fondos de Pago Electrónico, a Mexican subsidiary, obtained the final approval by the CNBV to operate as an Electronic Payment Institution (Institución de Fondos de Pago Electrónico or “IFPE”, as referred to by the Financial Technology Institutions Act), which enables the entity to issue, manage, redeem and make electronic transfers of money on behalf of its clients, through computer applications, interfaces, web sites or any other means of electronic or digital communication.
MercadoLibre, S.A. de C.V. Institución de Fondos de Pago Electrónico became a regulated financial entity towards third parties, effective on May 11, 2022 duly published in the Official Gazette, and is subject to the supervision and jurisdiction of the relevant Mexican financial regulators, including but not limited to the National Commission for the Protection and Defense of Users of Financial Services, CNBV and the Central Bank of Mexico. Amongst the regulatory obligations to which Electronic Payment Institutions are subject, the following are noteworthy: a) maintain minimum capital requirements, b) maintain sufficient reserves in high-quality liquid assets (e.g. cash, treasury bills, etc.), so as to be able to redeem, on par, the funds held on behalf of the clients, c) comply with anti-money laundering and countering of terrorism financing regulations, d) develop and maintain sound cybersecurity and information security policies, including but not limited to the performance of recurrent vulnerability tests and the deployment of strict infrastructure controls. Additionally, in February 2022, the National Insurance and Bond Commission granted Mercado Insurtech, Agente de Seguros, S.A. de C.V. definitive authorization to operate as an Insurance Agent.
On September 11, 2024, MercadoLibre, S.A., de C.V., Institución de Fondos de Pago Electrónico submitted to the National Banking and Securities Commission ("CNVB") an authorization request to organize and operate as a