February 3, 2023. This law established a regulatory framework for certain technological financial services that did not have their own legal framework. These services are: (i) Alternative Transaction Systems, (ii) Crowdfunding Financing Platforms, (iii) Financial Instrument Intermediation, (iv) Order Routing, (v) Credit Advisory, and (vi) Investment Advisory. Pursuant to this law, in January 2025, Mercado Pago Crypto S.A. submitted the license application to the Chilean Commission for the Financial Market (“CMF”) within the legal deadline for its ruling, which is still pending approval.
On April 8, 2024, the Chilean Congress published the Cybersecurity Law. Although Mercado Pago Chilean entities already comply with the law’s main obligations as a result of being regulated entities, pursuant to this new law, such entities will be subject to a new regulator and must comply with certain reporting requirements for cybersecurity incidents. We expect that the Mercado Pago Chilean entities will be required to comply with these new reporting requirements sometime during 2025 or 2026.
On May 30, 2024, the Chilean Congress passed Law 21,673, amending Law 20,009, which, effective as of June 1, 2024, establishes a limited liability regime for users of prepaid cards in case of loss, theft, or fraud. Pursuant to Law 21,673, there may be instances in which an issuer may suspend a refund in the event of fraud or serious fault on behalf of the user claiming such refund on account of allegedly fraudulent charges. Mercado Pago Emisora S.A. completed the implementation of these measures for its compliance.
Colombia
In June 2023, MercadoPago S.A. Compañía de Financiamiento obtained a license issued by Colombian Financial Superintendence to operate as a financial institution in Colombia, enabling it to offer credits, digital accounts, investments and prepaid cards. As a financial company it is subject to minimum capital, reporting, consumer protection and risk management requirements. On April 22, 2024, MercadoPago S.A. Compañía de Financiamiento started operations initially offering only the “Ordinary Deposit” product. In accordance with regulations, customers' funds are now subject to regulatory liquidity, reserve, and solvency requirements to ensure their protection.
Uruguay
On April 12, 2024, MercadoPago Uruguay S.R.L. initiated a process with the Central Bank of Uruguay (“BCU”) to be authorized to act as a payment acquirer with transfers, as an activity related to electronic money issuances, in compliance with new regulations that came into effect on March 1, 2024. On July 3, 2024, MercadoPago Uruguay S.R.L. received authorization from the BCU to offer payment with transfers acquiring services.
100
|
MercadoLibre, Inc.
Table of Contents
On April 17, 2024, MercadoPago Uruguay S.R.L. was approved as a participant in the automated clearing house managed by Urutec S.A. This approval allows MercadoPago Uruguay S.R.L. to participate in the fast payment system and offer