Instagram's compliance with certain requirements under Articles 14, 16, 17, 20, 24, 25, 34, 35, and 40 of the DSA, regarding a range of topics including elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content recommendations, potential deceptive advertising and disinformation, including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks on Instagram and Facebook. We are also responding to regulatory inquiries and litigation related to allegedly deceptive advertising, including but not limited to financial scams, in other parts of the world.
On September 18, 2024, staff of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB or Bureau) initiated a Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise (NORA) process related to its investigation of advertising for financial products and services on our platform, informing us that staff may recommend to the Director of the CFPB that the Bureau take legal action alleging violations of the Consumer Financial Protection Act, including based on our alleged receipt and use for advertising of financial information from third parties through certain advertising tools as well as our related user disclosures and controls, and provided us with an opportunity to respond. We disagree with the claims staff is considering and believe an enforcement action is unwarranted, and have responded through the NORA process. The result of the NORA process is uncertain at this time.
In addition, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings involving law enforcement and other regulatory agencies, including in particular in Brazil, Russia, and other countries in Europe, in order to ascertain the precise scope of our legal obligations to comply with the requests of those agencies, including our obligation to disclose user information in particular circumstances. A number of such instances have resulted in the assessment of fines and penalties against us. We believe we have multiple legal grounds to satisfy these requests or prevail against associated fines and penalties, and we intend to vigorously defend such fines and penalties.
We are also party to various other legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we expect to be subject to additional legal proceedings and disputes in the future.
50
Table of Contents
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become