we are continuing to develop early metaverse and wearables products and experiences that help people feel connected, anytime, anywhere.
Our metaverse efforts include our VR, MR, and social platform initiatives. Our current product offerings in VR include our Meta Quest devices, as well as software and content available through the Meta Horizon Store, which enable a range of social experiences that allow people to defy physical distance while engaging in gaming, fitness, entertainment, and more. To drive greater adoption and acceptance of VR we have introduced MR capabilities, which allow users to experience the immersion and presence of VR while still being grounded in the physical world, through our Meta Quest devices.
Our wearables efforts include our AR initiatives. We have continued to advance our roadmap to include additional AI-enabled offerings such as the Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses, which feature Meta AI, our advanced conversational assistant, as well as other features such as hands-free interaction. As we continue our long-term efforts to bring AR glasses to market, in 2024 we also unveiled our Orion prototype, a pair of true AR glasses that overlay content on top of the physical world. It does this with an industry-leading field of view and in glasses form factor for comfortable wear.
In general, while all of these investments are part of our long-term initiative to help build the next computing platform, our metaverse efforts also include notable shorter-term projects developing specific products and services to go to market, whereas our wearables efforts are primarily directed toward longer-term research and development projects. For example, in 2025, we expect to spend approximately 50% of our Reality Labs operating expenses on our wearables initiatives, and the remaining 50% on our metaverse initiatives. We apply significant judgment in estimating this expense breakdown as there are certain shared costs across product lines, and our expectations are subject to change, including as the next computing platform and our business strategies evolve. In particular, we regularly evaluate our product roadmaps and make significant changes as our understanding of the technological challenges and market landscape and our product ideas and designs evolve.
7
Table of
Contents
Competition
Our business is characterized by innovation, rapid change, and disruptive technologies. We compete with companies providing connection, sharing, discovery, and communication products and services to users online, as well as companies that sell advertising to businesses looking to reach consumers and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, companies that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or prospective audiences. We