of our Class A and Class B common stock. RSUs granted on or after March 1, 2024 under our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended 2012 Plan), which was most recently amended in May 2024, are entitled to dividend equivalent rights. During the year ended December 31, 2024, total dividend and dividend equivalent payments were $4.38 billion and $691 million for Class A and Class B common stock, respectively.
Subject to legally available funds and future declaration by our board of directors, we currently intend to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend on our outstanding common stock. The declaration and payment of future dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, available cash, and current and anticipated cash needs.
See Note 13 — Stockholders' Equity in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding dividends.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
We had no share repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2024.
Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities
None.
57
Table of
Contents
Stock Performance Graph
This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Meta Platforms, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total return for our Class A common stock, the Dow Jones Internet Composite Index (DJINET), the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq Composite) for the five years ended December 31, 2024. The annual changes for the five-year period shown in the graph assumes that $100 was invested in our common stock and each index at the market close on the last trading day for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and that all dividends were reinvested. The stock price performance of the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
Item 6.
[Reserved]
58
Table of
Contents
Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates,