consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
Sales commissions we pay in connection with contracts are expensed when incurred because the amortization period is one year or less. These costs are recorded within marketing and sales on our consolidated statements of income. We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or less.
Revenue includes sales and usage‑based taxes, except for cases where we are acting as a pass‑through agent.
Advertising Revenue
Advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party mobile applications. Marketers pay for ad products either directly or through their relationships with advertising agencies or resellers, based on the number of impressions delivered or the number of actions, such as clicks, taken by our users.
We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. Impressions are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to users. We recognize revenue from the delivery of action-based ads in the period in which a user takes the action the marketer contracted for. In general, we report advertising revenue on a gross basis, since we control the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. Our control is evidenced by our sole ability to monetize the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers.
For revenue generated from arrangements that involve third-parties, we evaluate whether we are the principal, and report revenue on a gross basis, or the agent, and report revenue on a net basis. In this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion in establishing price.
We may accept lower consideration than the amount promised per the contract for certain revenue transactions and certain customers may receive cash-based incentives, credits, or refunds, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. We estimate these amounts and reduce revenue based on the amounts expected to be provided to customers. We believe that there will not be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration for the reported periods.
Reality Labs Revenue
RL revenue is generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products, such as Meta Quest and Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses, and related software and content. Revenue is recognized at the time control of the products is transferred to customers, which is generally at the time of delivery, in an amount that reflects the consideration RL expects to be entitled to in exchange for the products.
Other Revenue
FoA other revenue consists of revenue from WhatsApp