and market acceptance of features, products, or services we build is uncertain. We regularly evaluate our product roadmaps and make significant changes as our understanding of the technological challenges and market landscape and our product ideas and designs evolve. In addition, we have relatively limited experience with consumer hardware products and virtual, augmented, and mixed reality technology, which may enable other companies to compete more effectively than us. We may be unsuccessful in our research and product development efforts, including if we are unable to develop relationships with key participants in the metaverse or develop products that operate effectively with metaverse technologies, products, systems, networks, or standards. For example, some of our consumer hardware products depend on the ability to operate with third-party mobile platforms and these platforms do not necessarily provide our products with the same levels of interoperability that they provide to their own competing products. In addition, our Reality Labs efforts may also divert resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We expect to continue to make significant investments in virtual, augmented, and mixed reality and other technologies to support these efforts, and our ability to support these efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. In addition, as our Reality Labs efforts evolve, we may be subject to a variety of existing or new laws and regulations in the United States and international jurisdictions, including in the areas of privacy, safety, AI, competition, content regulation, tariffs, export controls, consumer protection, and e-commerce, which may delay or impede the development of our products and services, increase our operating costs, require significant management time and attention, or otherwise harm our business. As a result of these or other factors, our Reality Labs strategy and investments may not be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, our ability to maintain or expand our base of users, marketers, and developers may be impaired, and our business and financial results may be harmed.
We believe that our brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to maintaining and expanding our base of users, marketers, and developers. Many of our new users are referred by existing users. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative products, which we may not do successfully. We may introduce new products, terms of service, or policies that users do not like, which may negatively affect our brands. Additionally, the actions of our developers or advertisers may