recognized separately from business combinations and are expensed as incurred.
Goodwill and Intangibles Assets
We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from business combinations. We evaluate our reporting units annually, as well as when changes in our operating segments occur. For changes in reporting units, we reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We have
two
reporting units, Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL), subject to goodwill impairment testing. As of December 31, 2024,
no
impairment of goodwill has been identified.
We evaluate the recoverability of finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation of these intangible assets are performed at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate from the use and eventual disposition. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of a finite-lived intangible asset is not recoverable and the asset's fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized. The impairment charges of finite-lived intangible assets were not material during the reporting periods presented.
Our finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized. If an indefinite-lived intangible asset is subsequently determined to have a finite useful life, the asset will be tested for impairment and accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. We routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets. If we change the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining unamortized balance is amortized over the revised estimated useful life. Intangible assets are included within other assets on our consolidated balance sheet.
Foreign Currency
Generally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange for revenue, costs, and expenses. Translation gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
98
Table of
Contents
income (loss) as a component of stockholders' equity. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had cumulative translation losses, net