have finance leases for certain network infrastructure. We
determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception and most of our leases contain lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components include fixed payments for maintenance, utilities, real estate taxes, and management fees. We
combine fixed lease and non-lease components and account for them as a single lease component.
Our lease agreements may contain variable costs such as contingent rent escalations, common area maintenance, insurance, real estate taxes, or other costs. These amounts are affected by the Consumer Price Index, payments contingent on energy production for renewable energy purchase arrangements, and maintenance and utilities. Such variable lease costs are expensed as incurred on our consolidated statements of income. For certain colocation and equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities.
For leases with a lease term greater than 12 months, ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized on our consolidated balance sheets at the commencement date based on the present value of the remaining fixed lease payments and includes only payments that are fixed and determinable at the time of commencement.
Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. When determining the probability of exercising such options, we consider contract-based, asset-based, entity-based, and market-based factors. We do not assume renewals in our determination of the lease term unless the renewals are deemed to be reasonably assured. Our lease agreements generally do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Our incremental borrowing rate is based on our understanding of what our credit rating would be in a similar economic environment.
Operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, operating lease liabilities, current, and operating lease liabilities, non-current on our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, net, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Finance lease assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease terms.
During the year ended December 31, 2024,
2023 and 2022
, we recorded net impairment losses of
$
383
million, $
2.43
billion, and $
2.22
billion, respectively,
in aggregate for operating lease ROU assets and leasehold improvements under ASC Topic 360 as a part of our facilities consolidation