and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising business. For example, our "Your Activity off-Meta Technologies" tool enables users to place limits on our storage and use of information about their interactions with advertisers' apps and websites, which reduces our ability to deliver the most relevant and effective ads to our users. Similarly,
21
Table of
Contents
from time to time we update our Feed display and ranking algorithms or other product features to improve the user experience, and these changes have had, and may in the future have, the effect of reducing time spent and some measures of user engagement with our products, which could adversely affect our financial results. From time to time, we also change the size, frequency, or relative prominence of ads as part of our product and monetization strategies. In addition, we have made, and we expect to continue to make, other changes to our products which may adversely affect the distribution of content of publishers, marketers, and developers, and could reduce their incentive to invest in their efforts on our products. We also may introduce new features or other changes to existing products, or introduce new stand-alone products, that attract users away from properties, formats, or use cases where we have more proven means of monetization, such as our Feed products. In addition, as we focus on growing users and engagement across our family of products, from time to time these efforts have reduced, and may in the future reduce, engagement with one or more products and services in favor of other products or services that we monetize less successfully or that are not growing as quickly. For example, we plan to continue to promote Reels, which we expect will continue to monetize at a lower rate than our Feed and Stories products for the foreseeable future. These decisions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect.
We may not be successful in our Reality Labs strategy and investments, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
Our Reality Labs efforts include our metaverse and wearables initiatives. We believe the metaverse, an embodied internet where people have immersive experiences beyond two-dimensional screens, is the next evolution in social technology. In 2021, we announced a shift in our business and product strategy to focus on helping to bring the metaverse to life, and we are directing our efforts toward innovations in AI, wearables, and devices to help build next-generation interfaces. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative that will involve the development of new and emerging technologies, continued investment in infrastructure as well as privacy, safety, and security efforts, and collaboration with other companies, developers, partners, and other participants. However, the metaverse may not develop in accordance with our expectations,