time, we implement organizational changes to pursue greater efficiency and realign our business and strategic priorities. For example, we have previously undertaken cost reduction efforts such as scaling back budgets, reducing company perks, shrinking our real estate footprint, and employee layoffs and restructurings. We make it a priority to treat outgoing employees with respect and provide a generous severance package. For U.S. employees, that includes severance payments, payment for all remaining paid time off, and restricted stock unit vesting through their last day on payroll, as well as certain continuing coverage of the cost of healthcare for employees and their families, career services with an external vendor, and immigration support. We offer similar support for outgoing employees outside of the United States while taking into account local employment laws.
Employee Learning and Development
We value our investment in growing and keeping a highly skilled workforce. We aim to provide all of our employees with regular performance reviews twice a year as we believe it is an important part of how we support their growth and career development while also recognizing and rewarding their impact at Meta. We also offer career development opportunities and work experience programs that extend beyond the physical and virtual classroom. To do this, we utilize various learning modalities, such as live virtual and in-person learning experiences, on-demand e-learning, self-service resources, learning communities, and coaching engagements.
The Pulse of Our Workforce
Each year, we conduct company-wide employee surveys to help us understand how employees feel about working at Meta and what we can do to improve their experience. Our surveys help us measure company, manager, team, and personal experience over time. Further, our more frequent surveys, such as those that have been administered daily to an ongoing random sample of employees, allow us to measure real-time sentiment around emerging events and company changes. These surveys are designed to invite feedback and actionable suggestions, inform decisions, and drive change across the company.
Compensation, Benefits, Health, and Well-being
We offer competitive compensation to attract and retain the best people, and we help care for our people so they can focus on our mission. Our employees' total compensation package includes market-competitive salary, bonuses or sales incentives, and equity. We generally offer full-time employees equity at the time of hire and through annual equity grants because we want them to be owners of the company and committed to our long-term success. We have conducted pay equity analyses for many years, and continue to be committed to pay equity. For example, in September 2024, we announced that we continue to have pay equity for gender globally and ethnicity in the United States.
Through Life@ Meta, our holistic approach to benefits, we continue to provide our employees and