and regulatory engagement. Pending or future proposals to modify competition laws in a number of jurisdictions could have similar effects. Further, the Digital Services Act (DSA), which started to apply to our business as of August 2023, imposes certain restrictions and requirements for our products and services, subjects us to increased compliance costs, and includes significant penalties for non-compliance. The interpretation and enforcement of the DMA and the DSA, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, some countries, such as the UK, India, and Turkey, are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements, new competition requirements, or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could require substantial changes to our products, increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services, cause us to cease the offering of our products and services in certain countries, and/or result in fines or other penalties. New legislation or regulatory decisions may restrict our ability to collect and use information about minors or also limit our advertising services or our ability to offer products and services to minors in certain jurisdictions. For example, several U.S. states, including Arkansas, Utah, Texas, California, and Florida, among others, have passed laws restricting our ability to offer services to minors without parental consent or otherwise limiting the services that we can provide to minors. While enforcement of a number of these statutes (or parts of them) has been enjoined as a result of legal challenges to them, it is possible that the decisions to enjoin these statutes may be overturned, the injunctive orders may expire, and certain statutes are coming into effect that may not be subject to injunctions. Should enforcement of one or more of these statutes not be enjoined, we may not be able to comply with certain of these statutes by their respective effective dates. We may face similar challenges in light of recent legislation in Australia which imposes a social media ban for users under 16 years old that is expected to be effective by December 2025, requiring certain social media companies to take reasonable steps to ensure under 16 year olds do not create user accounts. Legislative proposals and evolving interpretation of existing laws in Europe, Asia-Pacific, and other jurisdictions may also subject us to new requirements relating to allegedly fraudulent or illegal activities by third parties on our platform, which could cause us to incur significant compliance costs or make changes to our products or business practices, and could subject us to additional fines and penalties or liability for losses to users or other third parties in such transactions.
We are and expect to continue to be, the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions, and