glasses, and related software and content.
Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses
Cost of revenue.
Our cost of revenue consists of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products. These mainly include expenses related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure, such as depreciation expense from servers, network infrastructure and buildings, employee compensation which includes payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for employees on our operations teams, and energy and bandwidth costs. Cost of revenue also consists of costs associated with partner arrangements, including traffic acquisition costs and credit card and other fees related to processing customer transactions; RL inventory costs, which consist of cost of products sold and estimated losses on non-cancelable contractual commitments; and content costs.
Research and development.
Research and development expenses consist mostly of employee compensation which includes payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for our employees on our engineering and technical teams who are responsible for developing new technologies and products; RL technology development costs; infrastructure costs; and facilities-related costs.
Marketing and sales.
Marketing and sales expenses consist primarily of employee compensation which includes payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, marketing, business development, and customer service functions; marketing and promotional expenses; and professional services to support our community and product operations.
General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee compensation which includes payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for certain of our executives as well as our legal, finance, human resources, corporate communications and policy, and other administrative employees; legal-related costs, which include estimated fines, settlements, or other losses in connection with legal and related matters, as well as other legal fees; other taxes, such as digital services taxes and other non-income-based tax levies; and professional services.
70
Table of
Contents
Results of Operations
In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, please refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023.
The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of income data (in millions):
The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of income data (as a percentage of revenue)
(1)
:
_________________________
(1)
Percentages have been rounded for presentation purposes and may differ from