in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. AFS debt securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to determine what amount of that difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. Allowance for credit losses on AFS debt securities are recognized as a charge in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income, and any remaining unrealized losses, net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. We determine realized gains or losses on sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method and include such gains or losses in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income.
We also hold investments in marketable equity securities that are publicly traded stocks. We classify these equity securities as marketable securities within current assets on our consolidated balance sheets because they are available to be converted into cash to fund current operations without any restriction. These marketable equity securities are measured at fair value at each reporting date with the resulted unrealized gains and losses recognized in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income.
We classify certain restricted cash balances, consisting mostly of cash related to insurance policies, cash reserves designated for a specific purpose, as well as retention and indemnification holdback for our acquisitions, within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets, based upon the expected duration of the restrictions.
Non-marketable Equity Securities
Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values. We elected to account for substantially all of our non-marketable equity securities using the measurement alternative, which is cost, less any impairment, adjusted for changes in fair value resulting from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer as of the respective transaction dates. We periodically review our non-marketable equity securities for impairment. When indicators exist and the estimated fair value of an investment is below its carrying amount, we write down the investment to fair value. The change in carrying value, resulted from the remeasurements, is recognized in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income.
For additional information, see Note 6 — Non-marketable Equity Securities.
In addition, we also held other non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the equity method which were not material as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Fair Value Measurements
We apply fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the