their dependents with resources to help them thrive. We offer a wide range of benefits across areas such as health, family, finance, community,
12
Table of
Contents
and time away, including family building benefits, family care resources, retirement savings plans, access to legal services, Meta Resource Groups to build community at Meta, and health and well-being benefits.
Our health and well-being programs are designed to give employees a choice of flexible benefits to help them reach their personal well-being goals. Our programs are tailored to help boost employee physical and mental health, create financial peace of mind, provide support for families, and help employees build a strong community.
The Strength of Our Workforce and People Processes
In early 2025, we announced changes to our diversity programs in light of the shifting legal and policy landscape. We will continue to work to build an inclusive workplace where we can leverage our collective cognitive diversity to build the best products and make the best decisions for the global community we serve.
We want our products to work for people around the world and we need to grow and keep the best talent in order to do that. We remain committed to having a skilled, inclusive and diverse workforce with a broad range of knowledge, skills, political views, backgrounds, and perspectives because we believe cognitive diversity fuels innovation. To aid in this effort, we have taken steps to reduce bias in our people processes and tooling, including our hiring processes and performance management systems.
Corporate Information
We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2004. We completed our initial public offering in May 2012 and our Class A common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "META." Our principal executive offices are located at 1 Meta Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, and our telephone number is (650) 543-4800.
Meta, the Meta logo, Meta Quest, Meta Horizon, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Reels, and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Meta Platforms, Inc. or its affiliates. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K are the property of their respective owners.
Available Information
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at investor.atmeta.com when such reports are available on the SEC's