for cause;
•
when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and not by written consent;
•
only our board chair, our chief executive officer, our president, or a majority of our board of directors are authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders;
•
advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders;
•
our certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established, and shares of which may be issued, without stockholder approval; and
•
certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware.
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
At Meta, cybersecurity risk management is an important part of our overall risk management efforts. Our industry is prone to cybersecurity threats and attacks, and we regularly experience cybersecurity incidents of varying degrees. We believe we are a particularly attractive target as a result of our prominence and scale, the types and volume of personal data and content on our systems, and the evolving nature of our products and services. Our products and services reach billions of users and involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a large amount of data. In addition, our business and operations span numerous geographies around the world, involve thousands of employees, contractors, vendors, developers, partners, and other third parties, and rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex. We maintain an information security program that is comprised of policies and controls designed to mitigate cybersecurity risk. However, at any given time, we face known and unknown cybersecurity risks and threats that are not fully mitigated, and we discover vulnerabilities in our program. We continuously work to enhance our information security program and risk management efforts.
We use a risk management framework based on applicable laws and regulations, and informed by industry standards and industry-recognized practices, for managing cybersecurity risks within our products and services, infrastructure, and corporate resources.
To identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats, we evaluate a variety of developments including threat intelligence, first- and third-party vulnerabilities, evolving regulatory requirements, and observed cybersecurity incidents, among others. We regularly conduct risk assessments to evaluate the maturity and effectiveness of our systems and processes in addressing cybersecurity threats and to identify areas for remediation and opportunities for enhancements.
We also engage third-party security experts and consultants to assist with assessment and enhancement of our cybersecurity risk management