discontinued, or the pricing of data plans otherwise increases;
•
there is decreased engagement with our products as a result of taxes imposed on the use of social media or other mobile applications in certain countries, internet shutdowns, or other actions by governments that affect the accessibility of our products in their countries (for example, beginning in the first quarter of 2022, our user growth and engagement were adversely affected by the war in Ukraine and service restrictions imposed by the Russian government);
•
we fail to provide adequate customer service to users, marketers, developers, or other partners;
16
Table of
Contents
•
we, developers whose products are integrated with our products, or other partners and companies in our industry are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity, including as a result of our or their user data practices; or
•
our current or future products, such as our development tools and application programming interfaces that enable developers to build, grow, and monetize applications, reduce user activity on our products by making it easier for our users to interact and share on third-party applications.
From time to time, certain of these factors have negatively affected user retention, growth, and engagement to varying degrees. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, particularly for our significant revenue-generating products like Facebook and Instagram, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. Any significant decrease in user retention, growth, or engagement could render our products less attractive to users, marketers, and developers, which is likely to have a material and adverse impact on our ability to deliver ad impressions and, accordingly, our revenue, business, financial condition, and results of operations. As the size of our active user base fluctuates in one or more markets from time to time, we will become increasingly dependent on our ability to maintain or increase levels of user engagement and monetization in order to grow revenue.
We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. The loss of marketers, or reduction in spending by marketers, could seriously harm our business.
Substantially all of our revenue is currently generated from marketers advertising on Facebook and Instagram. As is common in the industry, our marketers do not have long-term advertising commitments with us. Many of our marketers spend only a relatively small portion of their overall advertising budget with us. Marketers will not continue to do business with us, or they will reduce the budgets they are willing to commit to us, if we do not deliver ads in an effective manner, if they do not believe that their investment in advertising with us will generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives, or if they are not satisfied for any other reason. We have implemented, and we will continue to implement, changes to