issued a Statement of Objections alleging that we tie Facebook Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a manner that infringes European Union competition rules. On November 18, 2024, the European Commission issued a decision that Meta infringed Article 102 on the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union in relation to certain alleged business practices relating to Facebook Marketplace and imposed a fine of approximately EUR €798 million. We appealed the European Commission's decision on January 28, 2025.
In March 2024, the European Commission opened an investigation into the compliance of our "subscription for no ads" consent model with requirements under Article 5(2) of the Digital Markets Act. The European Commission issued preliminary findings on July 1, 2024 reflecting its preliminary view that our model does not comply with such requirements. In April 2025, the European Commission issued a final decision that our "subscription for no ads" model does not comply with such requirements and imposed a fine of EUR €200 million. Based on feedback from the European Commission in connection with the DMA, we expect we will need to make some modifications to our model, which could result in a materially worse user experience for European users and a significant impact to our European business and revenue as early as the third quarter of 2025. We will appeal the European Commission's decision but any modifications to our model may be imposed before or during the appeal process.
The result of such litigation, investigations or inquiries could subject us to substantial monetary remedies and costs, interrupt or require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business.
Securities and Other Actions
Beginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. Beginning on July 27, 2018, two putative class actions were filed in federal court in the United States against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings results for the second quarter of 2018 and seeking unspecified damages. These two actions subsequently were transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
In Re Facebook, Inc. Securities Litigation
) with the putative securities class action described above relating to our