issues on November 12, 2024. On January 10, 2025, the Commission issued a decision on certain threshold legal issues, including that the Commission has statutory authority to modify consent orders. The Commission stated that its decision is subject to Meta’s jurisdictional challenges currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in
U.S. v. Facebook, Inc.
, and that the nature and scope of any further administrative proceedings would be addressed at a later date. Through the administrative process, the FTC could amend the order to impose the additional requirements set forth in the proposed order. We should have the opportunity to appeal an FTC decision modifying the order and could request the appellate court to stay the enforcement of the modifications to the order while the appeal is pending. It is unclear whether the appeal or the request for a stay would be successful.
We also notify the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC), our lead European Union privacy regulator under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, issue similar notifications to European regulators under other laws (such as UK GDPR and Member State implementations of the ePrivacy Directive), and are subject to inquiries and investigations by the IDPC and other European regulators regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. For example, the IDPC is continuing to assess the compliance of our "subscription for no ads" consent model with requirements under the GDPR. In addition, on May 12, 2023, the IDPC issued a Final Decision concluding that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on Standard Contractual Clauses in respect of certain transfers of European Economic Area (EEA) Facebook user data was not in compliance with the GDPR. The IDPC issued an administrative fine of EUR €
1.2
billion as well as corrective orders, which is described further in "Legal Proceedings" contained in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The interpretation of the GDPR is still evolving, including through decisions of the Court of Justice of the European Union, and draft decisions in investigations by the IDPC are subject to review by other European privacy regulators as part of the GDPR's cooperation and consistency mechanisms, which may lead to significant changes in the final outcome of such investigations. As a result, the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. Although we are vigorously defending our regulatory compliance, we have accrued significant amounts for loss contingencies related to these inquiries and investigations in Europe, and we believe there is a reasonable possibility that additional accruals for losses related to these matters could be material individually or in the aggregate.
Beginning on June 7, 2021, multiple putative class actions