Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB or Bureau) initiated a Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise (NORA) process related to its investigation of advertising for financial products and services on our platform, informing us that staff may recommend to the Director of the CFPB that the Bureau take legal action alleging violations of the Consumer Financial Protection Act, including based on our alleged receipt and use for advertising of financial information from third parties through certain advertising tools as well as our related user disclosures and controls, and provided us with an opportunity to respond. We disagree with the claims staff is considering and believe an enforcement action is unwarranted, and have responded through the NORA process. The result of the NORA process is uncertain at this time, but if the Director authorizes an action against us, the CFPB could file a lawsuit in the near-term and seek financial penalties and equitable relief.
In addition, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings involving law enforcement and other regulatory agencies, including in particular in Brazil, Russia, and other countries in Europe, in order to ascertain the precise scope of our legal obligations to comply with the requests of those agencies, including our obligation to disclose user information in particular circumstances. A number of such instances have resulted in the assessment of fines and penalties against us. We believe we have multiple legal grounds to satisfy these requests or prevail against associated fines and penalties, and we intend to vigorously defend such fines and penalties.
We are also party to various other legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we expect to be subject to additional legal proceedings and disputes in the future.
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
56
Table of
Contents
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information for Common Stock
Our Class A common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol 'META'.
Our Class B common stock is not listed on any stock exchange nor traded on any public market.
Holders of Record
As of December 31, 2024, there were 2,931 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock, and the closing price of our Class A common stock was $585.51 per share as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. As of December 31, 2024, there were 24 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.
Dividend Policy
Beginning in February 2024, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.50 per share to the holders