certain systemic risks to minors and other vulnerable users that may stem from the design and functioning of Instagram and Facebook.
Other Actions
Beginning on August 15, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we inflated our estimates of the potential audience size for advertisements, resulting in artificially increased demand and higher prices. The cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
DZ Reserve v. Facebook, Inc.
) and seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In a series of rulings in 2019, 2021, and 2022, the court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs' claims, but permitted their fraud and unfair competition claims to proceed. On March 29, 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On March 21, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the order granting class certification. On May 3, 2024, we filed a petition for panel rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was denied by the Ninth Circuit. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on October 2, 2024, which was denied. Trial is scheduled to begin on October 14, 2025.
22
Table of Contents
Beginning on July 7, 2023, multiple cases, including putative class actions, were filed against us in the United States and elsewhere, alleging that we used various copyrighted books and materials to train our artificial intelligence models and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. The cases in the United States, which were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc.,
Chabon, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
and
Farnsworth v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
) and U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (
Huckabee, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. et al.
,
which was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California), have been consolidated into
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc
. Motions for summary judgment will be heard in this case on May 1, 2025, including on the issue of the applicability of the fair use defense to use of copyrighted books for generative AI model training.
On April 30, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings against us to assess Facebook and Instagram's compliance with certain requirements under Articles 14, 16, 17, 20, 24, 25, 34, 35, and 40 of the DSA, regarding a range of topics including elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content recommendations, potential deceptive advertising and disinformation, including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks on Instagram and Facebook. We are also responding to regulatory inquiries and litigation related to allegedly deceptive advertising, including but not limited to financial scams, in other parts of the