Favor, Inc. et al.; Doe v. GoodRx Holdings, Inc. et al.
in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California; and
Rickwalder, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
in the Santa Clara County Superior Court). These cases are in different stages, but several of our motions to dismiss have been denied in whole or in part, while certain others have been granted in whole or in part. We are currently in discovery and litigating class certification in the cases that are most advanced.
Competition
We are subject to various litigation and government inquiries and investigations, formal or informal, by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. Such investigations, inquiries, and lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices in the areas of social networking or social media services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, in 2019 we became the subject of antitrust investigations by the FTC and U.S. Department of Justice. On December 9, 2020, the FTC filed a complaint (
FTC v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
) against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging that we engaged in anticompetitive conduct and unfair methods of competition in violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and Section 2 of the Sherman Act, including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 and by maintaining conditions on access to our platform. The FTC sought a permanent injunction against our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief, including divestiture or reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. On June 28, 2021, the court granted our motion to dismiss the complaint filed by the FTC with leave to amend. On August 19, 2021, the FTC filed an amended complaint, and on October 4, 2021, we filed a motion to dismiss this amended complaint. On January 11, 2022, the court denied our motion to dismiss the FTC's amended complaint. On April 5, 2024, we filed our motion for summary judgment and the FTC filed its opposition and its own motion for partial summary judgment on May 24, 2024. On November 13, 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part both our and the FTC’s motions for summary judgment. Trial is set to begin on April 14, 2025. Multiple putative class actions have also been filed in state and federal courts in the United States and in the United Kingdom against us alleging violations of antitrust laws and other causes of action in connection with these acquisitions and/or other alleged anticompetitive conduct, and seeking damages and injunctive relief. Several of the cases brought on behalf of certain advertisers and users in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
Klein et al., v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
). On January 14, 2022, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated