with most proceedings focused on those under 18 years old, resulting in various mental health and other harms. Putative class actions have been filed in the United States, Brazil, and Canada on behalf of users in those jurisdictions, and numerous school districts, municipalities, and tribal nations have filed public nuisance claims in the United States, Brazil, and/or Canada based on similar allegations. On October 6, 2022, the U.S. federal cases were centralized in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
In re Social Media Adolescent Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation
). Beginning in March 2023, U.S. states and territories began filing lawsuits on these topics in various federal and state courts. These additional lawsuits include allegations regarding violations of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), child sexual abuse material and other child safety concerns, as well as violations of state consumer protection laws, unfair business practices, public nuisance, and products liability, with proceedings focused on our alleged business practices (including the use of end-to-end encryption) and harms to users under 18 years old. These lawsuits seek damages and injunctive relief, and include cases filed by various state attorneys general in
In re Social Media Adolescent Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation
in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, as well as various state courts around the country. Beginning in November 2024, counsel for thousands of individual claimants began sending mass arbitration demands relating to "social media addiction" and related harms allegedly caused by Instagram.
We are also subject to government investigations and requests from multiple regulators in various jurisdictions globally concerning the use of our products and services, and the alleged mental and physical health and safety impacts on users, particularly younger users. On May 16, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings assessing our compliance with certain requirements under Articles 28, 34, and 35 of the Digital Services Act (DSA), including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks to minors and other vulnerable users that may stem from the design and functioning of Instagram and Facebook.
Other Actions
Beginning on August 15, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we inflated our estimates of the potential audience size for advertisements, resulting in artificially increased demand and higher prices. The cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
DZ Reserve v. Facebook, Inc.
) and seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In a series of rulings in 2019, 2021, and 2022, the court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs' claims, but permitted their fraud and unfair competition claims to proceed. On March 29,