processes, as well as benchmarking against industry practices. However, we may not be successful in fully addressing such areas for remediation or enhancement.
In addition, we maintain a privacy risk management program to assess privacy risks related to how we are collecting, using, sharing, and storing user data, which is subject to assessment by an independent, third-party privacy assessor. Our internal audit function provides independent assessment and assurance on the overall operations of our cybersecurity and privacy programs and the supporting control frameworks.
These processes
49
Table of
Contents
support informed risk-based decision-making and prioritization of cybersecurity countermeasures and risk mitigation strategies. Our risk mitigation strategies include a broad variety of technical and operational measures, as well as annual cybersecurity and privacy training for all of our employees.
In addition, we maintain specific policies and practices governing our third-party security risks, including our third-party assessment (TPA) process. Under our TPA process, we gather information from certain third parties who contract with Meta and share or receive data, or have access to or integrate with our systems, in order to help us assess potential risks associated with their security controls. We also generally require third parties to, among other things, maintain security controls to protect our confidential information and data, and notify us of material data breaches that may impact our data.
Our
board of directors
has oversight of our strategic and business risk management and has delegated cybersecurity risk management oversight to the audit & risk oversight committee of our board of directors (Audit & Risk Oversight Committee). Our Audit & Risk Oversight Committee is responsible for ensuring that management has processes in place designed to identify and evaluate cybersecurity risks to which the company is exposed and to implement processes and programs to manage cybersecurity risks and mitigate cybersecurity incidents. The privacy & product compliance committee of our board of directors (Privacy & Product Compliance Committee) oversees risks related to privacy and data use, including overseeing compliance with our comprehensive privacy program.
Management is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing material cybersecurity risks on an ongoing basis, establishing processes to ensure that such potential cybersecurity risk exposures are monitored, putting in place appropriate mitigation measures, maintaining cybersecurity policies and procedures, and providing regular reports to our board of directors, including through the Audit & Risk Oversight Committee and Privacy & Product Compliance Committee.
Our
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO),
Guy Rosen, leads our cybersecurity program and oversees teams across the company supporting our security functions of identify, prevent, detect, respond, and recover.
These teams are