has published an opinion on the operation of such models under GDPR and European consumer protection organizations have raised concerns regarding our compliance with consumer protection laws. In response to these developments, in November 2024, we began offering users in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland who elect to continue using our services free-of-charge, supported by ads, an option to see less personalized ads, which are expected to be less relevant and effective than our premium ad offerings. These or any similar developments in the future may negatively impact our user growth and engagement, revenue, and financial results.
Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals or recently enacted laws in the European Union, the United States, at both the federal and state level, as well as other jurisdictions that could impose new obligations or limitations in areas affecting our business. For example, the DMA in the European Union imposes restrictions and requirements on
39
Table of
Contents
companies like ours, including in areas such as the combination of data across services, mergers and acquisitions, and product design. The DMA also includes significant penalties for non-compliance, and its key requirements are enforceable against designated gatekeeper companies as of March 2024. The DMA has caused, and may in the future cause, us to incur significant compliance costs and make changes to our products or business practices. The requirements under the DMA will likely be subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement. Pending or future proposals to modify competition laws in a number of jurisdictions could have similar effects. Further, the DSA, which started to apply to our business as of August 2023, imposes certain restrictions and requirements for our products and services, subjects us to increased compliance costs, and includes significant penalties for non-compliance. The interpretation and enforcement of the DMA and the DSA, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, some countries, such as the UK, India, and Turkey, are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements, new competition requirements, or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could require substantial changes to our products, increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services, cause us to cease the offering of our products and services in certain countries, and/or result in fines or other penalties. New legislation or regulatory decisions may restrict our ability to collect and use information about minors or also limit our advertising services or our ability to offer products and services to minors in certain jurisdictions. For example, several U.S. states, including Arkansas, Utah, Texas, California, and Florida, among others, have passed laws restricting our ability to