26
Table of
Contents
•
fluctuations in the market values of our investments in marketable securities, in the valuation of our non-marketable equity securities, and in interest rates;
•
the incurrence of indebtedness or our ability to refinance existing indebtedness on acceptable terms;
•
changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; and
•
changes in regional or global business, macroeconomic, or geopolitical conditions, which may impact the other factors described above.
Unfavorable media coverage negatively affects our business.
We receive a high degree of media coverage around the world. Our reputation has been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our privacy practices, advertising policies, product decisions, product quality, litigation or regulatory activity, government surveillance, the actions of our advertisers, the actions of our developers whose products are integrated with our products, the use of our products or services for illicit or objectionable ends, the substance or enforcement of our community standards, terms of service, or other policies, the actions of our users, the quality and integrity of content shared on our platform, the perceived or actual impacts of our products or services on user well-being, our management, or the actions of other companies that provide similar services to ours. For example, we have been the subject of significant media coverage involving concerns around our handling of political speech and advertising, hate speech, and other content, as well as user well-being issues, and we continue to receive negative publicity related to these topics. Beginning in September 2021, we became the subject of significant media coverage as a result of allegations and the release of internal company documents by a former employee. In addition, we have been, and may in the future be, subject to negative publicity in connection with our handling of misinformation and other illicit or objectionable use of our products or services, including in connection with geopolitical events and elections in the United States and around the world. Any such negative publicity could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our user base and marketer demand for advertising on our products, which could result in decreased revenue and adversely affect our business and financial results, and we have experienced such adverse effects to varying degrees from time to time.
We are subject to the risk of catastrophic events and crises, which may have a significant adverse impact on our business and operations.
We are subject to the risk of public health crises such as pandemics, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, terrorism, geopolitical conflict, other physical security threats, power loss, cyber-attacks, and other catastrophic events and crises. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic previously significantly impacted our