services that we do not control, as well as signals generated within our products, in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users, and any changes in our ability to use such signals will adversely affect our business. For example, legislative and regulatory developments, such as the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, DMA, and U.S. state privacy laws, including the CCPA, have impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, our ability to use such signals in our ad products. In particular, we have seen increases in the number of users opting to control certain types of ad targeting in Europe following product changes implemented in connection with our GDPR and ePrivacy Directive compliance, and we have introduced product changes that limit data signal use for certain users in California following adoption of the CCPA. Other U.S. state privacy laws, such as the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, and the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, have introduced additional rights for users and could result in restrictions on our use of signals from third-party apps and websites through certain browser- and device-based universal opt-out mechanisms. Judicial and regulatory guidance, decisions, or enforcement actions, or new legislation in these or other jurisdictions may require us to make additional changes to our products in the future that further reduce our ability to use these signals, which has occurred in the past. For example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe, we announced plans to change the legal basis for behavioral advertising on Facebook and Instagram in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland from "legitimate interests" to "consent," and in November 2023 we began offering users in the region a "subscription for no ads" alternative. We are engaging with regulators on our consent model, including regarding compliance with requirements under the GDPR, DMA, and EU consumer laws. For example, in March 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings regarding the compliance of our "subscription for no ads" model with requirements under the DMA, and it issued preliminary findings in July 2024. In addition, the European Data Protection Board has published an opinion on the operation of such models under GDPR and European consumer protection organizations have raised concerns regarding our compliance with consumer protection laws. In response to these developments, in November 2024, we began offering users in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland who elect to continue using our services free-of-charge, supported by ads, an option to see less personalized ads, which are less relevant and effective than our premium ad offerings. In April 2025, the European Commission issued a final decision that our "subscription for no ads" model does not comply with such requirements. Based on feedback from the European Commission in connection with the DMA, we expect we will