platform and user data practices. In a series of orders in 2019 and 2020, the district court granted our motions to dismiss the plaintiffs' claims. On January 17, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the order dismissing their case, and on October 18, 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued its decision affirming in part and reversing in part the district court's order dismissing the plaintiffs' case. We filed a petition for writ of certiorari on March 4, 2024 with the U.S. Supreme Court, seeking review of the Ninth Circuit's order. The Supreme Court granted in part our petition for writ of certiorari on June 10, 2024, and following oral argument issued an order on November 22, 2024 dismissing the grant of certiorari as improvidently granted. The case is pending before the district court.
We are also subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to our business activities and disclosure practices. For example, beginning in September 2021, we became subject to government investigations and requests relating to a former employee's allegations and release of internal company documents concerning, among other things, our algorithms, advertising and user metrics, and content enforcement practices, as well as misinformation and other undesirable activity on our platform, and user well-being. We have since received additional requests relating to these and other topics. Beginning on October 27, 2021, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in connection with the same matters, and seeking unspecified damages (
Ohio Pub. Empl. Ret. Sys. v. Meta Platforms, Inc
.). On September 30, 2024, the court dismissed certain claims with leave to
48
Table of Contents
amend, but determined certain claims regarding content enforcement practices and user well-being could proceed against us and certain of our current and former directors and officers.
On March 8, 2022, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021 and seeking unspecified damages (
Plumbers & Steamfitters Local 60 Pension Trust v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
). On July 18, 2023, the court dismissed the claims against Meta and its officers with leave to amend. On September 18, 2023, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint and on September 17, 2024, the court dismissed the claims with prejudice. On October 14, 2024, plaintiffs filed their notice of appeal. The appeal is fully briefed.
Youth-Related Actions
Beginning in January 2022, we became subject to litigation and other proceedings that