property and equipment investments required to maintain and grow our business.
We have chosen our definition for FCF because we believe that this methodology can provide useful supplemental information to help investors better understand underlying trends in our business. We use FCF in discussions with our senior management and board of directors.
FCF has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of other GAAP financial measures, such as net cash provided by operating activities. FCF is not intended to represent our residual cash flow available for discretionary expenses. Some of the limitations of FCF are:
•
FCF does not reflect our future contractual commitments; and
•
other companies in our industry present similarly titled measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.
Management compensates for the inherent limitations associated with using the FCF measure through disclosure of such limitations, presentation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and reconciliation of FCF to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net cash provided by operating activities, as presented below.
The following is a reconciliation of FCF to the most comparable GAAP measure, net cash provided by operating activities (in millions):
77
Table of
Contents
Material Cash Requirements
We currently anticipate that our available funds and cash flow from operations and financing activities will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs and fund our investments in infrastructure and AI initiatives, share repurchases and dividend payments for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our future capital requirements.
Leases and Contractual Commitments
Our operating lease obligations mostly include data centers, offices and colocations. Our finance lease obligations include certain network infrastructure. Our facilities consolidation restructuring efforts did not materially change our operating lease obligations. Our contractual commitments are primarily related to our investments in servers and network infrastructure, and content costs from content providers whom we license video and music to increase engagement on the platform.
Long-term Debt
As of December 31, 2024, we had outstanding long-term debt in the form of senior unsecured notes for an aggregate principal amount of $29.0 billion, which mature from 2027 through 2064. Short-term and long-term future interest payments obligations as of December 31, 2024 were $1.39 billion and $28.10 billion, respectively.
Capital Return Program
Share Repurchase
Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A common stock, which commenced in January 2017 and does not have an expiration date. In 2024, we repurchased and