people. Our calculations of DAP rely upon complex techniques, algorithms, and machine learning models that seek to estimate the underlying number of unique people using one or more of these products, including by matching user accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are attributable to a single person, and counting such group of accounts as one person. As these techniques and models require significant judgment, are developed based on internal reviews of limited samples of user accounts, and are calibrated against user survey data, there is necessarily some margin of error in our estimates. We view DAP as a measure of engagement across our products. For additional information, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
--
Note: We report the numbers of DAP as specific amounts, but these numbers are estimates of the numbers of unique people using our products and are subject to statistical variances and errors. While we expect the error margin for these estimates to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be approximately 3% of our worldwide DAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people, and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using our products may vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error margins. For additional information, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, our Family metrics no longer include Messenger Kids users.
Worldwide DAP increased 6% to 3.43 billion on average during March 2025 from 3.24 billion during March 2024.
32
Table of Contents
•
Average Revenue Per Person (ARPP).
Our Family of Apps (FoA) revenue represents the substantial majority of our total revenue. We define ARPP as our FoA revenue during a given quarter, divided by the average of the number of DAP at the beginning and end of the quarter.
Note: We updated our definition of ARPP beginning in the first quarter of 2024 and have recast ARPP in prior periods for comparative purposes.
During the first quarter of 2025, worldwide ARPP was $12.36, an increase of 10% from the first quarter of 2024.
33
Table of Contents
Trends in Our Ad Impressions and Average Price Per Ad
•
Ad Impressions.
Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party mobile applications. Impressions are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to a user.
_
_
Note: Our ad impressions growth by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on our estimation of the geographic location of our users when an ad impression is delivered.
34
Table of Contents
•
Average Price Per Ad.
We calculate average price per ad as total advertising revenue