our significant investments in Reality Labs, have generated only limited revenue and reduced our operating margin and profitability, and we expect the adverse financial impact of such investments to continue for the foreseeable future. For example, our investments in Reality Labs reduced our 2024 overall operating profit by approximately $17.73 billion, and we expect our Reality Labs investments and operating losses to increase in 2025. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and financial performance will be harmed.
Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our products and services could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and services and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products and services from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our products or services are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products or services as often in the future, or at all, and our ability to serve ads may be disrupted, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. We have experienced such issues to varying degrees from time to time. In addition, as the amount and types of information shared on our products continue to grow and evolve, as the usage patterns of our global community continue to evolve, and as our internal operational demands continue to grow, especially with the deployment of AI technologies, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity, computing power, and related energy requirements, to continue to satisfy our needs. Although we are making significant investments in our technical infrastructure, it is possible that we may fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands or achieve our business objectives, which may adversely affect our user engagement and advertising revenue. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, geopolitical conflict, other physical security threats, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events and crises. Global climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Any such events may result in users being