comprised of personnel with a broad range of experience across the private and public sectors, the technology industry, and different geographic regions.
Mr. Rosen has two decades of experience in various cybersecurity, software development, product management, and other technology-related roles. Mr. Rosen has served in a number of significant leadership roles at our company since 2013, including oversight of security, safety, and integrity initiatives, and was appointed as our CISO in 2022. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Rosen served in senior leadership, engineering, and operational roles across technology organizations.
Our cybersecurity teams monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through a variety of technical and operational measures, and regularly report to our CISO.
Our CISO is part of the senior management team at the company and regularly updates the Audit & Risk Oversight Committee on the company’s cybersecurity program, including cybersecurity risks, incidents, and mitigation strategies.
In 2024, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats, or provide assurances that we have not experienced undetected cybersecurity incidents. For additional information about these risks, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 2.
Properties
Our corporate headquarters are located in Menlo Park, California. As of December 31, 2024, we owned and leased approximately 11 million square feet of office and building space for our corporate headquarters and in the surrounding areas, which included approximately two million square feet of unoccupied office and building space that we plan to either sublease, early terminate, or abandon related to our facilities consolidation restructuring efforts. We also owned and leased approximately 62 acres of land to be developed to accommodate anticipated future growth.
In addition, we have offices in more than 90 cities across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. We own 27 data center locations globally and we also lease some data centers at selected locations.
We believe that our facilities, which are used by both reportable segments, are adequate for our current needs.
50
Table of
Contents
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
As a multinational company with a complex and evolving business, we are, and expect to continue to be, subject to numerous claims, litigation, regulatory, tax, and government inquiries and investigations, and other legal proceedings in jurisdictions around the world. Although we believe many of these matters are without merit and are vigorously defending them, we may not be successful. Any litigation to which we are a party may be resolved