District Court for the Northern District of California (
DZ Reserve v. Facebook, Inc.
) and seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In a series of rulings in 2019, 2021, and 2022, the court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs' claims, but permitted their fraud and unfair competition claims to proceed. On March 29, 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On March 21, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the order granting class certification. On May 3, 2024, we filed a petition for panel rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was denied by the Ninth Circuit. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on October 2, 2024, which was denied. Trial is scheduled to begin on October 14, 2025.
Beginning on July 7, 2023, multiple cases, including putative class actions, were filed against us in the United States and elsewhere, alleging that we used various copyrighted books and materials to train our artificial intelligence models and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. The cases in the United States, which were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc., Chabon, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. and Farnsworth v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
) and U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (
Huckabee, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. et al.
, which was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California), have been consolidated into
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc
. Motions for summary judgment will be heard in this case
49
Table of Contents
on May 1, 2025, including on the issue of the applicability of the fair use defense to use of copyrighted books for generative AI model training.
In the first quarter of 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court heard argument in
Vivek H. Murthy, Surgeon General, et al. v. Missouri, et al.
, on the question of whether federal government officials violated the First Amendment in their communications with the company and others related to content moderation practices, and heard argument in
Netchoice, et al. v. Paxton and Moody, et al. v. Netchoice et al.
, regarding the application of the First Amendment relating to content moderation on tech platforms. As to
Murthy
, a majority of the Supreme Court decided the case on plaintiffs' standing, declining to rule on the First Amendment questions, and sending the case back down to the lower courts where the case continues. As to
NetChoice
, the Supreme Court unanimously vacated the intermediate appellate court decisions, remanding the cases back to the lower courts. Although we are not a party in these actions, the ultimate resolution of the lawsuits and similar others still pending in the federal courts could impact our business.
On April 30, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings against us to assess Facebook and