the putative class actions alleging fraud and violations of consumer protection, privacy, and other laws in connection with the same matters, several of the cases brought on behalf of consumers in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
In re Facebook, Inc., Consumer Privacy User Profile Litigation
). On September 9, 2019, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated putative consumer class action. On December 22, 2022, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the lawsuit, which provides for a payment of $
725
million by us. The settlement was approved by the court on October 10, 2023, and the payment was made in November 2023.
Two
objectors appealed final approval (
one
of which was voluntarily dismissed as of June 24, 2024). The objection is fully briefed and will be heard on February 7, 2025. In addition, our platform and user data practices, as well as the events surrounding the misuse of certain data by a developer, became the subject of U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. We entered into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020. Among other matters, our settlement with the FTC required us to pay a penalty of $
5.0
billion which was paid in April 2020 upon the effectiveness of the modified consent order. The state attorneys general inquiries and litigation and certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing. On June 1, 2023, the court presiding over the lawsuit filed by the District of Columbia granted our motion for summary judgment, resolving the case in our favor. On June 29, 2023, the District of Columbia filed a notice of appeal. The appeal is fully briefed and will be heard on January 30, 2025. Trial in the New Mexico Attorney General's case is scheduled to begin on December 1, 2025. On July 16, 2021, a stockholder derivative action was filed in Delaware Court of Chancery against certain of our directors and officers asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims relating to our historical platform and user data practices, as well as our settlement with the FTC. On July 20, 2021, other stockholders filed an amended derivative complaint in a related Delaware Chancery Court action, asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims against certain of our current and former directors and officers in connection with our historical platform and user data practices. On November 4, 2021, the lead plaintiffs filed a second amended and consolidated complaint in the stockholder derivative action. The pending consolidated matter is
In re Facebook Inc. Derivative Litigation
. On January 19, 2022, we filed a motion to dismiss, which was denied in part on May 10, 2023. The insider trading claim was dismissed as to all defendants