We are investing now because we believe this will become the next computing platform and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses, developers, and creators, including around advertising, hardware, and digital goods.
30
Table of Contents
Trends in Our Revenue by User Geography
We calculate our revenue by user geography based on our estimate of the geography in which ad impressions are delivered, virtual and digital goods are purchased, or consumer hardware products are shipped. The geography of our users affects our revenue and financial results. Our revenue in regions such as United States & Canada and Europe is relatively higher primarily due to the size and maturity of those online and mobile advertising markets, and ad impression growth is mainly in geographies that monetize at lower rates, such as Asia-Pacific. In the first quarter of 2025, revenue increased by 18% in United States & Canada, 14% in Europe, 13% in Asia-Pacific, and 20% in Rest of World, in each case relative to the same period in 2024.
-
Note: Non-advertising revenue includes RL revenue generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products and FoA Other revenue, which consists of revenue from WhatsApp Business Platform, Meta Verified subscriptions, net fees we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure, and revenue from various other sources.
Our revenue by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on our estimation of the geographic location of our users when they perform a revenue-generating activity. This allocation differs from our revenue disaggregated by geography disclosure in Note 2 — Revenue in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, "Financial Statements" where revenue is geographically apportioned based on the addresses of our customers.
31
Table of Contents
Trends in Our Family Metrics
The numbers for our key Family metrics, our DAP and average revenue per person (ARPP), do not include users on our other products unless they would otherwise qualify as DAP based on their other activities on our Family products.
Trends in the number of people in our community affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. Substantially all of our daily active people (as defined below) access our Family products on mobile devices.
•
Daily Active People (DAP).
We define a daily active person as a registered and logged-in user of Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and/or WhatsApp (collectively, our "Family" of products) who visited at least one of these Family products through a mobile device application or using a web or mobile browser on a given day. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual