occur.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.
We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We recognize the deferred income tax effects of a change in tax rates in the period of the enactment.
We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.
We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of the provision for income taxes.
Advertising Expense
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in marketing and sales expenses on our consolidated statements of income.
We incurred advertising expenses of $
2.06
billion, $
2.02
billion, and $
2.65
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
94
Table of
Contents
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities, and Restricted Cash
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with financial institutions globally and highly liquid investments with maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase. We classify amounts in transit from customer credit cards and payment service providers as cash on our consolidated balance sheets.
We hold investments in marketable debt securities, consisting of U.S. government securities, U.S. government agency securities, and investment grade corporate debt securities. We classify our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale (AFS) investments in our current assets because they represent investments of cash available for current operations. Our AFS investments are carried at estimated fair value with any unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, included