identification of observable transactions will depend on the timely reporting of these transactions from our investee companies, which may occur in a period subsequent to when the transactions take place. Therefore, our fair value adjustment for these observable transactions may occur in a period subsequent to when the transaction actually occurred.
Change in Accounting Estimate
In January 2025, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of certain servers and network assets, which resulted in an increase in their estimated useful life to 5.5 years, effective beginning fiscal year 2025. Based on the servers and network assets placed in service as of December 31, 2024, we expect this change in accounting estimate will reduce our full-year 2025 depreciation expense by approximately $2.9 billion. For information regarding the change in useful lives of our servers and network assets, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
69
Table of
Contents
Components of Results of Operations
Revenue
Family of Apps (FoA)
Advertising.
We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party mobile applications. Marketers pay for ad products either directly or through their relationships with advertising agencies or resellers, based on the number of impressions delivered or the number of actions, such as clicks, taken by users.
We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. Impressions are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to a user. We recognize revenue from the delivery of action-based ads in the period in which a user takes the action the marketer contracted for. The number of ads we show is subject to methodological changes as we continue to evolve our ads business and the structure of our ads products. In particular, the ads we show may vary by product (for example, our video and Reels products are not currently monetized at the same rate as our Feed or Stories products), and from time to time we increase or decrease the number or frequency of ads we show as part of our product and monetization strategies. We calculate average price per ad as total advertising revenue divided by the number of ads delivered, representing the average price paid per ad by a marketer regardless of their desired objective such as impression or action. For advertising revenue arrangements where we are not the principal, we recognize revenue on a net basis.
Other revenue.
Other revenue consists of revenue from WhatsApp Business Platform, Meta Verified subscriptions, net fees we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure, and revenue from various other sources.
Reality Labs (RL)
RL revenue is generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products, such as Meta Quest and Ray-Ban Meta AI