2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On March 21, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the order granting class certification. On May 3, 2024, we filed a petition for panel rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was denied by the Ninth Circuit. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on October 2, 2024, which was denied.
Beginning on July 7, 2023, multiple putative class actions were filed against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc., Chabon, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. and Farnsworth v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
) and U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (
Huckabee, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. et al.
, which was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California) alleging that we used various copyrighted books and materials to train our artificial intelligence models, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. These cases have all been consolidated into
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc
.
In the first quarter of 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court heard argument in
Vivek H. Murthy, Surgeon General, et al. v. Missouri, et al.
, on the question of whether federal government officials violated the First Amendment in their communications with the company and others related to content moderation practices, and heard argument in
Netchoice, et al. v. Paxton and Moody, et al. v. Netchoice et al.
, regarding the application of the First Amendment relating to content moderation on tech platforms. As to
Murthy
, a majority of the Supreme Court decided the case on plaintiffs' standing, declining to rule on the First Amendment questions, and sending the case back down to the lower courts where the case continues. As to
NetChoice
, the Supreme Court unanimously vacated the intermediate appellate court decisions, remanding the cases back to the lower courts. Although we are not a party in these actions, the ultimate resolution of the lawsuits and similar others still pending in the federal courts could impact our business.
55
Table of
Contents
On April 30, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings against us to assess Facebook and Instagram's compliance with certain requirements under Articles 14, 16, 17, 20, 24, 25, 34, 35, and 40 of the DSA, regarding a range of topics including elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content recommendations, potential deceptive advertising and disinformation, including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks on Instagram and Facebook. We are also responding to regulatory inquiries and litigation related to allegedly deceptive advertising, including but not limited to financial scams, in other parts of the world.
On September 18, 2024, staff of the Consumer