ranging from their closest family members and friends to the public at large, and stay connected everywhere by accessing our products. Meta is moving our offerings beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented, mixed, and virtual reality to help build the next computing platform. Our vision does not center on any single product, but rather an entire ecosystem of experiences, devices, and new technologies. While the metaverse is in the very early stages of its development, we believe it will become the next computing platform and the future of social interaction.
Across our work, we are innovating in artificial intelligence (AI) technologies to build new experiences that help make our platform more social, useful, and immersive. Our AI investments support initiatives across our products and services, helping power the systems that rank content in our apps, our discovery engine that recommends relevant content, the tools advertisers use to reach customers, the development of new generative AI experiences, and the tools that make our product development more efficient and productive. For example, Meta AI is an assistant that's available across our apps, on Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses and on the web. It's designed to help people learn, get things done, create content, and connect with others to make the most of every moment.
We report financial results for two segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). Currently, we generate substantially all of our revenue from selling advertising placements on our family of apps to marketers, which is reflected in FoA. Ads on our platform enable marketers to reach people across a range of marketing objectives, such as generating leads or driving awareness. Marketers purchase ads that can appear in multiple places including on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party applications and websites. RL generates revenue from sales of consumer hardware products, software, and content.
We invest in our business based on our company priorities. In 2025, we intend to focus on several key investment areas: generative AI, our discovery engine, the metaverse and wearables, Threads, monetization of our products and services, platform integrity and community support, and infrastructure capacity.
The majority of our investments are directed toward developing our family of apps. In 2024, 79% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 21% were recognized in RL. Our FoA investments were $75.25 billion in 2024 and include expenses relating to headcount, data centers and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. We are also making significant investments in our metaverse and wearables efforts. This includes developing virtual, mixed, and augmented reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies. Our total RL investments were $19.88 billion in 2024 and include expenses relating to