rate, offset by an increase in income before provision for income taxes.
Our effective tax rate decreased in the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024, a majority of which was due to excess tax benefits recognized from share-based compensation.
Effective Tax Rate Items
. Our effective tax rate in the future will depend upon the proportion between the following items and income before provision for income taxes: U.S. tax benefits from foreign-derived intangible income, tax effects from share-based compensation, research tax credit, tax effects from capital losses not expected to be utilized, settlement of tax contingency items, tax effects of changes in our business, and the effects of changes in tax law.
The accounting for share-based compensation may increase or decrease our effective tax rate based upon the difference between our share-based compensation expense and the deductions taken on our tax return, which depend upon the stock price at the time of employee award vesting. If our stock price remains constant to the April 25, 2025 price, and absent any changes to our tax landscape, we expect our effective tax rate for the full year 2025 to be in the range of 12-15%. This includes the effects of the mandatory capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses incurred in 2025, as required by the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The mandatory capitalization requirement increases our 2025 cash tax liabilities materially but also decreases our effective tax rate due to increasing the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. If the mandatory capitalization is deferred or repealed, our effective tax rate in 2025 could be higher when compared to current law and our cash tax liabilities could be lower.
The Tax Act included a reduction in the foreign-derived intangible income deduction for tax years beginning after December 31, 2025. Absent any changes to U.S. tax law, the decrease in our U.S. tax benefits from foreign-derived intangible income would increase our cash tax liabilities and effective tax rate in 2026.
A number of countries have enacted legislation to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s 15% global minimum tax regime. We do not expect these changes to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for 2025. We continue to evaluate the impacts of proposed and enacted legislation with respect to the global minimum tax regime in the jurisdictions we operate in. As additional jurisdictions enact legislation,
41
Table of Contents
transitional relief expires, and other provisions of the minimum tax legislation become effective, our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years.
See Note 10 — Income Taxes in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding income tax contingencies.
Liquidity and