litigation and investigations. Furthermore, as the number of our users and amount of our revenue have grown, our potential exposure to substantial damages awards and fines has increased.
In some instances, particularly with novel legal and factual claims, new regulatory regimes or statutes that have not previously been enforced, or where the nature or type of enforcement pursued against us is novel, it can be very difficult to assess the likelihood or extent of potential liabilities, including the nature and extent of injunctive or other non-monetary relief and the applicability and amount of any potential forfeitures, disgorgement, fines or penalties. While we have identified below certain matters that we believe to be material, there can be no assurance that additional material losses or limitations on our activities will not result from claims that have not yet been asserted or are not yet determined to be material.
Privacy and Related Matters
Beginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging various causes of action in connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. With respect to the putative class actions alleging fraud and violations of consumer protection, privacy, and other laws in connection with the same matters, several of the cases brought on behalf of consumers in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
In re Facebook, Inc., Consumer Privacy User Profile Litigation
). On September 9, 2019, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated putative consumer class action. On December 22, 2022, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the lawsuit, which provides for a payment of $725 million by us. The settlement was approved by the court on October 10, 2023, and the payment was made in November 2023. Two objectors appealed final approval (one of which was voluntarily dismissed as of June 24, 2024). The objection is fully briefed and will be heard on February 7, 2025. In addition, our platform and user data practices, as well as the events surrounding the misuse of certain data by a developer, became the subject of U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state
51
Table of
Contents
attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. We entered into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020 and required us to pay a penalty of $5.0 billion and to significantly enhance our practices and processes for privacy compliance and oversight. The state attorneys general inquiries and