signed the Executive Order on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities (E.O.), and on June 30, 2023, the European Union and the three additional countries making up the EEA were designated by the United States Attorney General as a "qualifying state" under Section 3(f) of the E.O. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision in relation to the United States. The adequacy decision concludes that the United States ensures an adequate level of protection for personal data transferred from the European Union to organizations in the United States that are included in the "Data Privacy Framework List," maintained and made publicly available by the United States Department of Commerce pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF). The implementation of the EU-U.S. DPF and the adequacy decision are important and welcome milestones, and we have implemented steps to comply with the above corrective orders following engagement with the IDPC. For additional information, see Part II, Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data combination, data protection, content, competition, youth, safety, consumer protection, advertising, e-commerce, and other matters" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q. Any such inquiries or investigations (including the IDPC proceedings) could subject us to substantial fines and costs, require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or adversely affect our business.
Beginning on June 7, 2021, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we improperly received individuals' information from third-party websites or apps via our business tools in violation of our terms and various state and federal laws and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief (for example,
In re Meta Pixel Healthcare Litigation; In re Meta Pixel Tax Filing Cases; Frasco v. Flo Health, Inc.; Doe v. Hey Favor, Inc. et al.; Doe v. GoodRx Holdings, Inc. et al.
in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California; and
Rickwalder, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
in the Santa Clara County Superior Court). These cases are in different stages, but several of our motions to dismiss have been denied in whole or in part, while certain others have been granted in whole or in part. In
Rickwalder
, the Superior Court denied plaintiffs' motion for class certification and the plaintiffs have filed a notice of appeal of that decision. Trial for the
Flo Health
case is scheduled to begin on July 14, 2025.
Competition
We are subject to various litigation and government inquiries and investigations, formal or informal, by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. Such investigations, inquiries, and lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices in the areas of