March 31, 2025, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management's evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.
44
Table of Contents
PART II—OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.
Legal Proceedings
As a multinational company with a complex and evolving business, we are, and expect to continue to be, subject to numerous claims, litigation, regulatory, tax, and government inquiries and investigations, and other legal proceedings in jurisdictions around the world. Although we believe many of these matters are without merit and are vigorously defending them, we may not be successful. Any litigation to which we are a party may be resolved adversely or we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal. We may also decide to settle litigation, disputes, or other legal proceedings in some instances on terms that are unfavorable to us. In addition, we may become subject to orders or consent decrees imposed by government or regulatory authorities. Any such developments could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for our personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business (including changes to our products and services or user data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of management from our business, or subject us to