and services within certain demographics, in particular younger users. In addition, while Reels is growing in usage, it monetizes at a lower rate than our Feed and Stories products and we expect it will continue to monetize at a lower rate for the foreseeable future. We also have seen fluctuations and declines in the size of our active user base in one or more regions from time to time due to geopolitical conditions, which have adversely affected our user growth and engagement. These trends have adversely affected our advertising revenue and we expect will continue to adversely affect our advertising revenue in the foreseeable future.
Although we regularly evaluate a variety of sources to understand trends in our advertising revenue, we do not have perfect visibility into the factors driving advertiser spending decisions and our assessments involve complex judgments about what is driving advertising decisions across a large and diversified advertiser base across the globe. Trends impacting advertising spend are also dynamic and interrelated. As a result, it is difficult to identify with precision which advertiser spending decisions are attributable to which trends, and we are unable to quantify the exact impact that each trend had on our advertising revenue during the periods presented.
29
Table of Contents
Investment Philosophy
We remain focused on operating efficiently while investing in significant opportunities. In the three months ended March 31, 2025, 81% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 19% were recognized in RL. Our FoA investments include expenses relating to headcount, data centers, and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. These efforts include significant investments in AI initiatives, including to recommend relevant content across our products, enhance our advertising tools, develop new products, and develop new features for existing products using generative AI. In particular, we expect our AI initiatives will require increased investment in infrastructure and headcount.
We are also making significant investments in our metaverse and wearables efforts, including developing virtual, augmented, and mixed reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies. Our RL investments include expenses relating to technology development across these efforts. Many of our RL investments are directed toward long-term, cutting-edge research and development for products that may only be fully realized in the next decade. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, our RL segment reduced our overall operating profit by approximately $4.21 billion, and we continue to expect our full-year RL operating losses to increase in 2025. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative, and our ability to support our RL efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business.