result of geopolitical events. Our efforts to address undesirable activity on our platform also increase the risk of retaliatory attacks. Such breaches and attacks may cause interruptions to the services we provide, degrade the user experience or otherwise adversely affect users, cause users or marketers to lose confidence and trust in our products, impair our internal systems, or result in financial harm to us. Our efforts to protect our company data or the information we receive, and to prevent or disable undesirable activities on our platform, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs, misconfigurations, vulnerabilities, or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor error or malfeasance; social engineering or other cyber-attacks directed towards our personnel or their access; misuse of company data or systems by our personnel; defects or vulnerabilities in our vendors' information technology systems or offerings; government exploitation or surveillance; breaches of physical security of our facilities, technical infrastructure, or other equipment; or other threats that evolve. In addition, other parties may attempt to fraudulently or maliciously induce employees, contractors, vendors, or users to disclose information in order to gain access to our data or our users' data. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and user data, to reduce the risk of data loss or misuse, to disable undesirable accounts and activities on our platform, and to reduce the risk of or detect security breaches, such measures will not provide absolute security, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to react in a timely manner to any cyber-attacks or other security incidents, or that our remediation efforts will be successful. Our business and operations span numerous geographies around the world and involve thousands of employees, contractors, vendors, developers, partners, and other third parties. At any given time, we face known and unknown cybersecurity risks and threats that are not fully mitigated, and we discover vulnerabilities in our security efforts.
In addition, some of our developers or other partners, such as those that help us measure the effectiveness of ads, may receive or store information provided by us or by our users through mobile or web applications integrated with our products. We provide limited information to such third parties based on the scope of services provided to us. However, if these third parties or developers fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a breach of their networks, our data or our users' data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed.
We regularly experience such cyber-attacks and other security incidents of varying degrees, and we incur significant costs in protecting against