positions is uncertain and we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments.
Loss Contingencies
We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of loss. Such matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to be incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
43
Table of Contents
See Note 7 — Long-term Debt, Note 8 — Commitments and Contingencies, Note 9 — Stockholders' Equity, and Note 10 — Income Taxes in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, and "Legal Proceedings" contained in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding debt, commitments and contingencies, capital return program, and taxes, respectively.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Refer to "Critical Accounting Estimates" contained in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for a complete discussion of our critical accounting estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
There have been no material changes to our market risk exposures during the three months ended March 31, 2025. For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 4.
Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of