unfair competition claims to proceed. On March 29, 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On March 21, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the order granting class certification. On May 3, 2024, we filed a petition for panel rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was denied by the Ninth Circuit. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on October 2, 2024, which was denied.
Beginning on July 7, 2023, multiple putative class actions were filed against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc.,
Chabon, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
and
Farnsworth v. Meta Platforms, Inc.
) and U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (
Huckabee, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. et al.
,
which was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California) alleging that we used various copyrighted books and materials to train our artificial intelligence models, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. These cases have all been consolidated into
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc
.
114
Table of
Contents
On April 30, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings against us to assess Facebook and Instagram's compliance with certain requirements under Articles 14, 16, 17, 20, 24, 25, 34, 35, and 40 of the DSA, regarding a range of topics including elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content recommendations, potential deceptive advertising and disinformation, including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks on Instagram and Facebook. We are also responding to regulatory inquiries and litigation related to allegedly deceptive advertising, including but not limited to financial scams, in other parts of the world.
On September 18, 2024, staff of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB or Bureau) initiated a Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise (NORA) process related to its investigation of advertising for financial products and services on our platform, informing us that staff may recommend to the Director of the CFPB that the Bureau take legal action alleging violations of the Consumer Financial Protection Act, including based on our alleged receipt and use for advertising of financial information from third parties through certain advertising tools as well as our related user disclosures and controls, and provided us with an opportunity to respond. We disagree with the claims staff is considering and believe an enforcement action is unwarranted, and have responded through the NORA process. The result of the NORA process is uncertain at this time, but if the Director authorizes an action against us, the CFPB could file a lawsuit in the near-term and seek financial penalties and equitable relief.
In addition,