(FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). The segment information aligns with how the chief operating decision maker (CODM), who is our chief executive officer (CEO), reviews and manages the business. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising.
Basis of Presentation
We prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Meta Platforms, Inc., its subsidiaries where we have controlling financial interests, and any variable interest entities for which we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Balance Sheets Reclassifications
Certain prior period amounts on the consolidated balance sheets have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.
•
Intangible assets, net was reclassified into other assets
•
Partners payable was reclassified into accrued expenses and other current liabilities
•
Long-term income taxes was reclassified out of other liabilities
These reclassifications had no impact on our previously reported total assets, total liabilities, revenue, income from operations, net income or cash flows.
Use of Estimates
Preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates form the basis for judgments we make about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities, which are not readily apparent from other sources. We base our estimates and judgments on historical information and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments in several areas, including, but not limited to, those related to loss contingencies, income taxes, valuation of long-lived assets and their associated estimated useful lives, valuation of non-marketable equity securities, revenue recognition, valuation of goodwill, credit losses of available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and accounts receivable, and fair value of financial instruments and leases. These estimates are based on management's knowledge about current events, interpretation of regulations, and expectations about actions we may undertake in the future. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
In January 2025, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of certain servers and network assets, and determined we should extend the estimated useful lives to
5.5
years. This change in accounting estimate will be effective beginning fiscal year 2025.
92
Table of
Contents
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)
606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the