advertising business in Europe and other regions, and advertiser spending also can be subject to adverse effects from conflicts in the Middle East or the implementation of tariffs by the United States, China, or other governments).
From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our advertising revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other factors in the future, including our enforcement efforts, could result in a reduction in marketer spend or demand for our ads, which may reduce the prices we receive for our ads, could cause marketers to stop advertising with us altogether, or could otherwise negatively affect our revenue and financial results, and could be material.
18
Table of
Contents
Our ad targeting and measurement tools incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control, as well as signals generated within our products, and changes to the regulatory environment, third-party mobile operating systems and browsers, and our own products have impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, the availability of such signals, which will adversely affect our advertising revenue.
Our ad targeting and measurement tools rely on data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control, as well as signals generated within our products, in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users, and any changes in our ability to use such signals will adversely affect our business. For example, legislative and regulatory developments, such as the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, DMA, and U.S. state privacy laws, including the CCPA, have impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, our ability to use such signals in our ad products. In particular, we have seen increases in the number of users opting to control certain types of ad targeting in Europe following product changes implemented in connection with our GDPR and ePrivacy Directive compliance, and we have introduced product changes that limit data signal use for certain users in California following adoption of the CCPA. Other U.S. state privacy laws, such as the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, and the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, are introducing additional rights for users and could result in restrictions on our use of signals from third-party apps and websites through certain browser- and device-based universal opt-out mechanisms. Judicial and regulatory guidance, decisions, or enforcement actions, or new legislation in these or other jurisdictions may require us to make additional changes to our products in the future that further reduce our ability to use these signals, which has occurred in the past. For example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe, we announced plans to change the legal basis for behavioral advertising on Facebook and Instagram in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland from "legitimate interests" to "consent,"