world.
On September 18, 2024, staff of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB or Bureau) initiated a Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise (NORA) process related to its investigation of advertising for financial products and services on our platform, informing us that staff may recommend to the Director of the CFPB that the Bureau take legal action alleging violations of the Consumer Financial Protection Act, including based on our alleged receipt and use for advertising of financial information from third parties through certain advertising tools as well as our related user disclosures and controls, and provided us with an opportunity to respond. We disagree with the claims staff is considering and believe an enforcement action is unwarranted, and have responded through the NORA process. The result of the NORA process is uncertain at this time.
In addition, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings involving law enforcement and other regulatory agencies, including in particular in Brazil, Russia, and other countries in Europe, in order to ascertain the precise scope of our legal obligations to comply with the requests of those agencies, including our obligation to disclose user information in particular circumstances. A number of such instances have resulted in the assessment of fines and penalties against us. We believe we have multiple legal grounds to satisfy these requests or prevail against associated fines and penalties, and we intend to vigorously defend such fines and penalties.
Note 9.
Stockholders' Equity
Capital Return Program
Share Repurchase
Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A common stock, which commenced in January 2017 and does not have an expiration date. As of December 31, 2024, $
51.28
billion remained available and authorized for repurchases under this program. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased and subsequently retired
19
million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of $
13.40
billion, including excise taxes. As of March 31, 2025, $
37.95
billion remained available and authorized for repurchases.
23
Table of Contents
Dividend
The following table summarizes our dividends activities for the periods presented (in millions, except per share amounts):
Our board of directors increased our first quarter 2025 cash dividend by
5
% to $
0.525
per share of the outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and in 2024, we also paid an immaterial amount of dividend equivalents on eligible equity awards which are not included above.
Share-based Compensation Plan
As of March 31, 2025, there were
465
million shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, which was most recently amended in May 2024 (Amended 2012 Plan).
The following table summarizes our share-based compensation expense, which consists of RSU expense, by line item