is required in evaluating and estimating our provision for income taxes. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax accounting guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made, and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.
Valuation of Assets
The valuation and impairment assessment of certain assets, including recoverability, requires significant judgment and assumptions such as estimation of future cash flows, discount rates, market data of comparable assets and companies, holding period and residual value of asset groups, among others.
Impairment testing for long-lived-assets, including property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, occurs whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable compared to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate from the use and eventual disposition. The impairment test is performed at the asset group level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. When the test results indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value.
Impairment testing for non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair values accounted for using the measurement alternative is performed at each reporting date to determine whether there are triggering events for impairment. Such qualitative assessment considers factors such as, but not limited to, the investee's financial condition and business outlook; industry and sector performance; regulatory, economic or technological environment; operational and financing cash flows; and other relevant events and factors affecting the investee. When indicators of impairment exist, we estimate the fair value of our non-marketable equity securities using the market approach and/or the income approach and recognize impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income if the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value. In addition, for these non-marketable equity securities, determining whether a non-marketable equity security issued by the same issuer is similar to the non-marketable equity security we hold may require judgment in (a) assessment of differences in rights and obligations associated with the instruments such as voting rights, distribution rights and preferences, and conversion features, and (b) adjustments to the observable price for differences such as, but not limited to, rights and obligations, control premium, liquidity, or principal or most advantageous markets. The