FTC. As a result, government authorities, affected users, or other parties could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of data, or other cybersecurity issues, which has occurred in the past and which could cause us to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. Such incidents or our efforts to remediate such incidents may also result in a decline in our active user base or engagement levels. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation, or financial results.
Intentional misuse of our services and user data and other undesirable activity by third parties on our platform could adversely affect our business.
We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intentional misuse of our services and user data by third parties, as well as other undesirable, illicit, or high-risk activity on our platform. We are making significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and content and advertising review efforts to combat these activities, including investigations and audits of platform applications, as well as other enforcement efforts. We have discovered and announced, and anticipate that we will continue to discover and announce, additional incidents of misuse of user data or other undesirable or illicit activity by third parties or malfeasant internal actors. We will not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data or technical limitations, including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform, the allocation of resources to other projects, or other factors, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by the independent privacy assessor required under our modified consent order with the FTC, government authorities, the media, or other third parties.
Such incidents and activities include the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of hacked, false or undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper advertising practices, activities that threaten people's safety or well-being on- or offline (such as acts of violence, terrorism, improper promotion or distribution of pharmaceuticals and illicit drugs, human exploitation, child exploitation, and illegal gaming), instances of spamming, surveillance, scraping, data harvesting, unsecured datasets, or spreading misinformation, or other fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity. From time to time we are unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise prevent or remediate any such incidents. We may also be subject to increased risk as a result of changes to our content policies and enforcement efforts which we began to implement in January 2025 to further free expression on our platform and mitigate