evaluate our Family metrics to estimate the percentage of our DAP consisting solely of "violating" accounts. We define "violating" accounts as accounts which we believe are intended to be used for purposes that violate our terms of service, including bots and spam. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we estimated that less than 3% of our worldwide DAP consisted solely of violating accounts. Such estimation is based on an internal review of a limited sample of accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, we look for account information and behaviors associated with Facebook and Instagram accounts that appear to be inauthentic to the reviewers, but we have limited visibility into WhatsApp user activity due to encryption. In addition, if we believe an individual person has one or more violating accounts, we do not include such person in our violating accounts estimation as long as we believe they have one account that does not constitute a violating account. From time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of violating accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAP estimates in a particular period. We intend to continue to disclose our estimates of the percentage of our DAP consisting solely of violating accounts on an annual basis in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Violating accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and it is possible that the actual number of violating accounts may vary significantly from our estimates.
User Geography
Our estimates for revenue by user location, as well as year-over-year percentage changes in ad impressions delivered and the average price per ad by user location, are also affected by data limitations and other challenges in measuring user geography. Our data regarding the geographic location of our users is estimated based on a number of factors, such as the user's IP address and self-disclosed location. These factors may not always accurately reflect the user's actual location. For example, a user may appear to be accessing our products from the location of the proxy server that the user connects to rather than from the user's actual location. The methodologies used to measure our metrics are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors.
5
Table of
Contents
PART I
Item 1.
Business
Overview
Our mission is to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible.
We build technology that helps people connect and share, find and build communities, and grow businesses. Our products enable people to connect and share with friends and family through mobile devices, personal computers, virtual reality (VR) and mixed reality (MR) headsets, augmented reality (AR), and wearables. We also help people discover and learn about what is going on in the world around them, enable people to share their experiences, ideas, photos, videos, and other content with audiences