Business Platform, Meta Verified subscriptions, net fees we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure, and revenue from various other sources.
Cost of Revenue
Our cost of revenue consists of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products. These mainly include expenses related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure, such as depreciation expense from servers, network infrastructure and buildings, employee compensation which includes payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for employees on our operations teams, and energy and bandwidth costs. Cost of revenue also consists of costs associated with partner arrangements, including traffic acquisition costs and credit card and other fees related to processing customer transactions; RL inventory costs, which consist of cost of products sold and estimated losses on non-cancelable contractual commitments; and content costs.
93
Table of
Contents
Content Costs
Our content costs are mostly related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and music to increase engagement on the platform. We pay fees to these content providers based on revenue generated, a flat fee, or both. For licensed video, we expense the cost per title when the title is accepted and available for viewing if the capitalization criteria are not met. Video content costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material to date.
For licensed music, we expense the license fees over the contractual license period. We pay fees to music partners based on revenue generated, minimum guaranteed fees, flat fees, or a combination thereof. Expensed content costs are included in cost of revenue on our consolidated statements of income.
Software Development Costs
Software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be marketed or sold to external users, are expensed before the software or technology reach technological feasibility, which is typically reached shortly before the release of such products.
Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and applications used to deliver our services. These software development costs meet the criteria for capitalization once the preliminary project stage is complete, and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Software development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material to date.
Share-based Compensation
Share-based compensation expense consists of the company's restricted stock units (RSUs) expense. RSUs granted to employees are measured based on the grant-date fair value. In general, our RSUs vest over a service period of
four years
. Share-based compensation expense is generally recognized on the straight-line basis over the requisite service period and forfeitures are accounted for as they