subsequently retired 65 million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of $29.75 billion. As of December 31, 2024, $51.28 billion remained available and authorized for repurchases.
Dividend
We paid four quarterly cash dividends, including dividend equivalents, totaling $2.00 for each share of Class A and Class B common stock during the year ended December 31, 2024. Total dividends and dividend equivalents paid were $5.07 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. Subject to legally available funds and future declaration by our board of directors, we currently intend to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend and dividend equivalents on our outstanding common stock.
Taxes
Cash paid for income taxes was $10.55 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, we had taxes payable of $718 million related to a one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the Tax Act, which is due within one year.
Our long-term income taxes include $9.99 billion related to the uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2024. Due to uncertainties in the timing of the completion of tax audits, the timing of the resolution of these positions is uncertain and we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments.
Loss Contingencies
We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of loss. Such matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to be incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
78
Table of
Contents
See Note 8 — Leases, Note 10 — Long-term Debt, Note 12 — Commitments and Contingencies, Note 13 — Stockholders' Equity, and Note 15 — Income Taxes in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, and "Legal Proceedings" contained in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding leases, debt, contractual commitments and contingencies, capital return program, and taxes, respectively.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
For information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to market risks, including changes to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity price risk.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily