effectively with metaverse technologies, products, systems, networks, or standards. For example, some of our consumer hardware products depend on the ability to operate with third-party mobile platforms and these platforms do not necessarily provide our products with the same levels of interoperability that they provide to their own competing products. In addition, our Reality Labs efforts may also divert resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We expect to continue to make significant investments in virtual, augmented, and mixed reality and other technologies to support these efforts, and our ability to support these efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. In addition, as our Reality Labs efforts evolve, we may be subject to a variety of existing or new laws and regulations in the United States and international jurisdictions, including in the areas of privacy, safety, AI, competition, content regulation, tariffs, export controls, consumer protection, and e-commerce, which may delay or impede the development of our products and services, increase our operating costs, require significant management time and attention, or otherwise harm our business. As a result of these or other factors, our Reality Labs strategy and investments may not be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
59
Table of Contents
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, our ability to maintain or expand our base of users, marketers, and developers may be impaired, and our business and financial results may be harmed.
We believe that our brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to maintaining and expanding our base of users, marketers, and developers. Many of our new users are referred by existing users. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative products, which we may not do successfully. We may introduce new products, terms of service, or policies that users do not like, which may negatively affect our brands. Additionally, the actions of our developers or advertisers may affect our brands if users do not have a positive experience using third-party applications integrated with our products or interacting with parties that advertise through our products. We will also continue to experience media, legislative, or regulatory scrutiny of our actions or decisions regarding user privacy, data use, encryption, content, product design, algorithms, advertising, competition, generative AI, younger users, and other issues, including actions or decisions in connection with elections or geopolitical events, which has adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our reputation and brands. For example, in