other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business. We have experienced such outcomes to varying degrees in the past, and we expect to continue to face a challenging litigation and regulatory environment, including in light of complex and evolving laws and regulations, as well as the scale of our business and the size of our user and advertiser base.
Over the last several years, the number and potential significance of the litigation and investigations involving the company have increased, and there can be no assurance that this trend will not continue. For example, we are facing numerous cases in the United States in which plaintiffs are attempting to avoid or limit the application of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act to their claims and certain of those matters have survived motions to dismiss, including through the use of products liability theories. Outside of the United States, we are subject to new regulatory regimes, including the Digital Services Act, Digital Markets Act, EU AI Act and similar statutes in non-EU countries such as the UK Digital Markets, Competition and Consumer Act, and new fining guidelines under existing regulatory regimes like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We are facing inquiries and investigations regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance, as well as private litigation in Europe, including class and mass actions, claiming damages (including for loss of control of data without other damage) and/or injunctions in respect of alleged failings to comply with such regulatory requirements. We are also responding to litigation and government investigations related to our alleged role in causing or contributing to various societal harms, including mental and physical health and safety impacts on users, particularly younger users, child and adult sexual exploitation, illegal activity with respect to drugs, fraud, unlawful discrimination, and other harms potentially impacting large numbers of people. This is in addition to significant tax, competition and antitrust, stockholder, commercial, consumer, and privacy litigation and investigations. Furthermore, as the number of our users and amount of our revenue have grown, our potential exposure to substantial damages awards and fines has increased.
In some instances, particularly with novel legal and factual claims, new regulatory regimes or statutes that have not previously been enforced, or where the nature or type of enforcement pursued against us is novel, it can be very difficult to assess the likelihood or extent of potential liabilities, including the nature and extent of injunctive or other non-monetary relief and the applicability and amount of any potential forfeitures, disgorgement, fines or penalties. While we have identified below certain matters that we believe to be material, there can be no assurance that additional material losses or limitations on our activities will not result from claims that have