assessing damages, which may make it difficult to estimate what such fines and penalties would amount to if successfully asserted against us. In addition, certain government inquiries and investigations, such as matters before our lead European Union privacy regulator, the Irish Data Protection Commission, are subject to review by other regulatory bodies before decisions are finalized, which can lead to significant changes in the outcome of an inquiry. As a result of these and other factors, we reasonably expect that our estimates and judgments with respect to our contingencies may continue to be revised in the future.
The ultimate outcome of these matters, such as whether the likelihood of loss is remote, reasonably possible, or probable or if and when the reasonably possible range of loss is estimable, is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these matters were resolved against us for amounts that materially differ from management's estimates of losses, it could have a favorable or unfavorable impact on our results of operations and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable. See Note 12 — Commitments and Contingencies and Note 15 — Income Taxes of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and Part I, Item 3, "Legal Proceedings" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding these contingencies.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws. Our actual and forecasted income (loss) before
68
Table of
Contents
provision is subject to change due to economic, political and other conditions and significant judgment is required in determining our ability to recognize our net deferred tax assets.
We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. These uncertain tax positions include our estimates related to uncertainties with our research and development tax credits that are based on an assessment of whether our available documentation corroborating the nature of our activities supporting the tax credits will be sufficient. Similarly, our estimates for transfer pricing have been developed based upon analyses of appropriate arms-length prices. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions (including net interest and penalties), we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different, as significant judgment