and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors." For a discussion of limitations in the measurement of our Family metrics, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), we present revenue on a constant currency basis and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Revenue on a constant currency basis is presented in the section entitled "
—
Revenue
—
Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenue." To calculate revenue on a constant currency basis, we translated revenue for the full year 2024 using 2023 monthly exchange rates for our settlement or billing currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For a full description of our free cash flow non-GAAP measure, see the section entitled "
—
Liquidity and Capital Resources—Free Cash Flow."
These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures may be different from non‑GAAP financial measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. Moreover, presentation of revenue on a constant currency basis is provided for year-over-year comparison purposes, and investors should be cautioned that the effect of changing foreign currency exchange rates has an actual effect on our operating results. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business.
Executive Overview of Full Year 2024 Results
Our mission is to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible.
Our financial results and key Family metrics for 2024 are set forth below. Total revenue for 2024 was $164.50 billion, an increase of 22% compared to 2023, due to an increase in advertising revenue. Revenue on a constant currency basis would have increased 23% compared to 2023. Ad impressions delivered across our Family of Apps in 2024 increased 11% year-over-year, and our average price per ad increased 10% year-over-year.
Income from operations for 2024 was $69.38 billion, an increase of $22.63 billion, or 48%, compared to 2023, driven by an increase in advertising revenue, partially offset by an increase in costs and expenses. The increase in costs and