compete to attract, engage, and retain people who use our products, to attract and retain businesses that use our free or paid business and advertising services, and to attract and retain developers who build compelling applications that integrate with our products. We also compete with companies that develop and deliver consumer hardware and augmented, mixed, and virtual reality products and services. We also expect to face additional competition as we introduce or acquire new products, as our existing products evolve, or as other companies introduce new products and services, including as part of efforts to innovate through the development and application of AI and other new technologies as well as efforts to develop the metaverse.
Technology
Our product development philosophy centers on continuous innovation in creating and improving products that are social by design, which means that our products are designed to place people and their social interactions at the core of the product experience. As our user base grows, as engagement with products like video, VR, and MR increases, and as we deepen our investment in new technologies, our computing needs continue to expand. We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure, and a substantial portion of our technical infrastructure is also provided by third parties. Our ability to provide and continue to innovate our products and services depends on the continued availability of components, power, and network capacity.
We make significant investments in technology both to improve our existing products and services and to develop new ones, as well as for our marketers and developers. We are also investing in protecting the security, privacy, and integrity of our platform by investing in both people and technology to strengthen our systems against abuse. Across all of these efforts, we are making significant investments in AI initiatives, including generative AI, to, among other things, recommend relevant content across our products through our AI-powered discovery engine, enhance our advertising tools and improve our ad delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities, and to develop new products as well as new features for existing products.
We also believe in the power of open source innovation and have released our Llama models, consisting of state-of-the-art foundation models that are available for researchers and developers to use and build upon. By making our Llama models openly available, we aim to accelerate AI research and development, improve our own products, and to foster collaboration and innovation within the broader tech community.
Sales and Operations
The majority of our marketers use our self-service ad platform to launch and manage their advertising campaigns. We also have a global sales force that is focused on attracting and retaining advertisers and providing support to them throughout the stages of the marketing cycle from pre-