capitalization requirement increased our 2024 cash tax liabilities materially but also decreased our effective tax rate due to increasing the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. If the mandatory capitalization is deferred, our effective tax rate in 2025 could be higher when compared to current law and our cash tax liabilities could be lower.
A number of countries have enacted legislation to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s 15% global minimum tax regime with effect from January 1, 2024. These changes did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for 2024. We continue to evaluate the impacts of proposed and enacted legislation with respect to the global minimum tax regime in the jurisdictions we operate in. As additional jurisdictions enact legislation, transitional relief expires, and other provisions of the minimum tax legislation become effective, our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years.
75
Table of
Contents
Unrecognized Tax Benefits.
As of December 31, 2024, we had net uncertain tax positions of $9.99 billion which was included in long-term income taxes on our consolidated balance sheets. These unrecognized tax benefits were predominantly accrued for uncertainties with our research tax credits and transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries, which include licensing of intellectual property, providing services and other transactions. The ultimate settlement of the liabilities will depend upon resolution of tax audits, litigation, or events that would otherwise change the assessment of such items. Based upon the status of litigation described below and the current status of tax audits in various jurisdictions, we do not anticipate a material change to such amounts within the next 12 months.
See Note 15 — Income Taxes in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding income tax contingencies.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are comprised of cash on deposit with banks, time deposits, money market funds, U.S. government and agency securities, investment grade corporate debt securities, and marketable equity securities. As part of our cash management strategy, we concentrate cash deposits with large financial institutions and our investment holdings are in diversified highly rated securities. Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $77.81 billion as of December 31, 2024, an increase of $12.41 billion from December 31, 2023. The increase was due to $91.33 billion of cash generated from operations and $10.43 billion of net proceeds from the issuance of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes (the Notes) in August