control the availability or pricing, especially in a highly competitive environment.
We are also developing AI technology that we make available via open source, commercial, and non-commercial license agreements to third-parties that can use this technology for use in their own products and services. We may not have insight into, or control over, the practices of third parties who may utilize such AI technologies. As such, we cannot guarantee that third parties will not use such AI technologies for improper purposes, including through the dissemination of illegal, inaccurate, defamatory or harmful content, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, furthering bias or discrimination, cybersecurity attacks including spear phishing attacks, data privacy violations, other activities that threaten people's safety or well-being on- or offline, or to develop competing technologies. While we may mitigate certain risks associated with the improper use of our AI models through both technical measures and the inclusion of contractual restrictions on third-party use in any agreement between us and any third party, we cannot guarantee that such measures will be effective. Such improper use by any third party could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results or subject us to legal liability.
It is not possible to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI and changes in laws, rules, directives, and regulations or other regulatory developments regarding the use of AI, including restrictions around the collection and use of data, may adversely affect our ability to develop and use AI or subject us to legal liability.
58
Table of Contents
We make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize short-term financial results and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect.
We frequently make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize short-term financial results if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and benefit the aggregate user experience and will thereby improve our financial performance over the long term. For example, we have implemented, and we will continue to implement, changes to our user data practices. Some of these changes reduce our ability to effectively target ads, which has to some extent adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising business. For example, our "Your Activity off-Meta Technologies" tool enables users to place limits on our storage and use of information about their interactions with advertisers' apps and websites, which reduces our ability to deliver the most relevant and effective ads to our users. Similarly, from time to time we update our Feed display and ranking algorithms or other product features to improve the user experience, and these changes have had, and may in the future have, the effect of reducing time spent and some measures of user engagement with our products, which could adversely affect