cost of borrowing. The Company does not use leveraged swaps and, in general, does not leverage any of its investment activities that would put principal at risk.
At December 31, 2024, the Company was a party to six pay-floating, receive-fixed interest rate swap contracts designated as fair value hedges of the fixed-rate notes as detailed in the table below.
66
Table of Content
s
The interest rate swap contracts are designated hedges of the fair value changes in the notes attributable to changes in the benchmark Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) swap rate. The fair value changes in the notes attributable to changes in the SOFR swap rate are recorded in interest expense along with the offsetting fair value changes in the swap contracts. In January 2025, the Company entered into an additional interest rate swap with a notional amount of $250 million related to its 5.00% notes due 2053. The cash flows from these contracts are reported as operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
The Company’s investment portfolio includes cash equivalents and short-term investments, the market values of which are not significantly affected by changes in interest rates. The market value of the Company’s medium- to long-term fixed-rate investments is modestly affected by changes in U.S. interest rates. Changes in medium- to long-term U.S. interest rates have a more significant impact on the market value of the Company’s fixed-rate borrowings, which generally have longer maturities. A sensitivity analysis to measure potential changes in the market value of Merck’s investments and debt from a change in interest rates indicated that a one percentage point increase in interest rates at December 31, 2024 and 2023 would have positively affected the net aggregate market value of these instruments by $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively. A one percentage point decrease at December 31, 2024 and 2023 would have negatively affected the net aggregate market value by $2.9 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively. The fair value of Merck’s debt was determined using pricing models reflecting one percentage point shifts in the appropriate yield curves. The fair values of Merck’s investments were determined using a combination of pricing and duration models.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP and, accordingly, include certain amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgments. Estimates are used when accounting for amounts recorded in connection with acquisitions, including initial fair value determinations of assets and liabilities in a business combination (primarily IPR&D, other intangible assets and contingent consideration), as well as subsequent fair value measurements. Additionally, estimates are used in determining such items as provisions for sales discounts, rebates and returns, depreciable and amortizable lives, recoverability of inventories,