approving any of the pending or tentatively approved generic applications until January 27, 2026, except for any subsequent agreements between defendants and Merck or further order by the court.
In July 2023, the defendants filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Oral argument took place on February 4, 2025.
While the New Jersey action was pending, the Company settled with
five
generic companies providing that these generic companies can bring their generic versions of
Bridion
to the market in January 2026 (which may be delayed by any applicable pediatric exclusivity) or earlier under certain circumstances. The Company agreed to stay the lawsuit filed against
two
generic companies, which in exchange agreed to be bound by a judgment on the merits of the consolidated action in the District of New Jersey. One of the generic companies in the consolidated action requested dismissal of the action against it and the Company did not oppose this request, which was subsequently granted by the court. The Company does not expect this company to bring its generic version of
Bridion
to the market before July 27, 2026.
In February 2024, the Company received another Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying the Company that Hikma Pharmaceuticals USA Inc. (Hikma) had filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell a generic version of
Bridion
Injection. In March 2024, the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Hikma, postponing FDA approval of the Hikma generic drug for
30
months or until expiration of the sugammadex patent (January 27, 2026) and any potentially applicable pediatric exclusivity or an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. Expiration of the patent, and any potentially applicable pediatric exclusivity, will occur earlier than expiry of the 30-month stay. On April 16, 2024, the district court stayed the case during the pendency of the Federal Circuit appeal noted above.
On March 13, 2025, the Federal Circuit affirmed the district court’s decision, holding that the patent term extension granted to the sugammadex patent covering
Bridion
was not invalid and that the patent is entitled to its full
five-year
patent term extension. The FDA has now granted
Bridion
six months
of pediatric exclusivity. Thus, the Federal Circuit’s decision secures
Bridion
’s exclusivity in the U.S. through July 27, 2026.
Januvia, Janumet, Janumet XR
—
As previously disclosed, the FDA granted pediatric exclusivity with respect to
Januvia
(sitagliptin),
Janumet
(sitagliptin/metformin HCI), and
Janumet XR
(sitagliptin and metformin HCl extended-release), which provides a further six months of exclusivity in the U.S. beyond the expiration of all patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book. Adding this exclusivity to the term of the key patent protection extended exclusivity on these products to