for manufacturing and supply.
Under the terms of the agreement, Merck made payments to Daiichi Sankyo totaling $
4.0
billion in 2023. These payments included $
1.0
billion ($
500
million each for patritumab deruxtecan and ifinatamab deruxtecan) which may be refundable on a pro-rated basis in the event of early termination of development with respect to either program. In addition, the agreement provided for a continuation payment of $
750
million related to patritumab deruxtecan, which Merck paid in October 2024, and a continuation payment of $
750
million related to raludotatug deruxtecan due from Merck in October 2025. If Merck does not make the remaining continuation payment for raludotatug deruxtecan, the rights for that program will revert to Daiichi
- 9 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
Sankyo and the non-refundable upfront payments already paid will be retained by Daiichi Sankyo. The agreement also provides for contingent payments from Merck to Daiichi Sankyo of up to an additional $
5.5
billion for each DXd ADC upon the successful achievement of certain sales-based milestones. In conjunction with this transaction, Merck recorded an aggregate pretax charge of $
5.5
billion to
Research and development
expenses in 2023 for the $
4.0
billion of upfront payments and the $
1.5
billion of continuation payments.
Merck and Daiichi Sankyo equally share research and development costs, except for raludotatug deruxtecan, where Merck is responsible for
75
% of the first $
2.0
billion of research and development expenses. Merck includes its share of development costs associated with the collaboration as part of
Research and development
expenses. Following regulatory approval, Daiichi Sankyo will generally record sales worldwide (Daiichi Sankyo will be the principal on sales transactions) and the companies will equally share expenses as well as profits worldwide except for Japan where Daiichi Sankyo retains exclusive rights and Merck will receive a
5
% sales-based royalty. Merck will record its share of product sales, net of cost of sales and commercialization costs, as alliance revenue.
In August 2024, Merck and Daiichi Sankyo expanded their agreement to include MK-6070, an investigational delta-like ligand 3 (DLL3) targeting T-cell engager, which Merck obtained through its acquisition of Harpoon (see Note 2). The companies are planning to evaluate MK-6070 in combination with ifinatamab deruxtecan in certain patients with small-cell-lung cancer, as well as other potential combinations. Merck received an upfront cash payment of $
170
million from Daiichi Sankyo (recorded within
Other (income) expense, net)
and has also satisfied a contingent quid obligation from the original collaboration agreement. The companies will jointly develop and commercialize MK-6070 worldwide and share research and development, as well as commercialization expenses. Research and development expenses related to MK-6070 in combination