known as Superfund, and other federal and state equivalents. These proceedings seek to require the operators of hazardous waste disposal facilities, transporters of waste to the sites and generators of hazardous waste disposed of at the sites to clean up the sites or
112
Table of Content
s
to reimburse the government for cleanup costs. The Company has been made a party to these proceedings as an alleged generator of waste disposed of at the sites. In each case, the government alleges that the defendants are jointly and severally liable for the cleanup costs. Although joint and several liability is alleged, these proceedings are frequently resolved so that the allocation of cleanup costs among the parties more nearly reflects the relative contributions of the parties to the site situation. The Company’s potential liability varies greatly from site to site. For some sites the potential liability is
de minimis
and for others the final costs of cleanup have not yet been determined. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of many of these proceedings brought by federal or state agencies or private litigants, in the opinion of the Company, such proceedings should not ultimately result in any liability which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations or liquidity of the Company. The Company has taken an active role in identifying and accruing for these costs and such amounts do not include any reduction for anticipated recoveries of cleanup costs from former site owners or operators or other recalcitrant potentially responsible parties.
In management’s opinion, the
liabilities
for all environmental matters that are probable and reasonably estimable have been accrued and totaled $
41
million and $
42
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These liabilities are undiscounted, do not consider potential recoveries from other parties and will be paid out over the periods of remediation for the applicable sites, which are expected to occur primarily over the next
15
years. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these matters, or the ultimate costs of remediation, management does not believe that any reasonably possible expenditures that may be incurred in excess of the liabilities accrued should exceed approximately $
46
million in the aggregate. Management also does not believe that these expenditures should result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or liquidity for any year.
11.
Equity
The Merck certificate of incorporation authorizes
6,500,000,000
shares of common stock and
20,000,000
shares of preferred stock.
Capital Stock
A summary of common stock and treasury stock transactions (shares in millions) is as follows:
(1)
Issuances primarily reflect activity under share-based compensation plans.
12.
Share-Based Compensation Plans
The Company has share-based compensation plans under which the Company grants