imposes penalties of up to 4% of global revenue.
The GDPR and related implementing laws in individual EU Member States govern the collection and use of personal health data and other personal data in the EU. The GDPR increased responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that the Company processes. It also imposes a number of strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to process (which includes collection, analysis and transfer of) personal data, including health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. The GDPR also includes requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals prior to processing their personal data or personal health data, notification of data processing obligations to the national data protection authorities, and the security and confidentiality of the personal data. Further, the GDPR prohibits the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EU that are not considered by the EC to provide an adequate level of data protection, including to the U.S., except if the data controller meets very specific requirements. Following the
Schrems II
decision of the Court of Justice of the EU in 2020, uncertainty has existed as to the permissibility of international data transfers under the GDPR. In light of the implications of this decision, the Company may face difficulties regarding the transfer of personal data from the EU to third countries. Since then, the Company entered into the EU-approved Standard Contractual Clauses with its vendors, suppliers, collaboration partners and clinical trial sites in order to facilitate the lawful transfer of personal data from the EU to the U.S. In addition, former President Biden issued Executive Order 14086 in October 2022 to address the data privacy concerns raised in the
Schrems II
decision through introducing, among other measures, further safeguards and oversight of personal data collection by U.S. signals intelligence activities and providing individuals with a redress mechanism in the U.S. for their data protection concerns. Further certainty for the international transfer of personal data from the EU via the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (successor to the invalidated EU-U.S. Privacy Shield) came about by way of a new EU Adequacy Decision, issued by the EC in July 2023. However, the new Adequacy Decision has already been contested by privacy advocates and is subject to legal review.
Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EU Member States may result in significant monetary fines and other administrative penalties as well as civil liability claims from individuals whose personal data was processed. Data protection authorities from the different EU Member States may still implement certain variations, enforce the GDPR and national data protection laws differently, and introduce additional national