managed, hosted, provided or used by third parties to assist in conducting the Company’s business. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means by the Company’s employees, third parties with authorized access or unauthorized third parties could adversely affect key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the Company’s IT systems or third-party providers’ IT systems, such as cloud-based systems, could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. Misuse of any of these IT systems could result in the disclosure of sensitive personal information or the theft of trade secrets, intellectual property, or other confidential business information. The Company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to replace outmoded technology and improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, including data acquisition, the use of which can create new risks. In addition, the Company’s Animal Health business sells technology products that, when deployed, could potentially be compromised by a third party and cause disruption both internally and externally.
Although the aggregate impact of cyber-attacks and network disruptions on the Company’s operations and financial condition has not been material to date, the Company continues to be a target of events of this nature and expects them to continue. The Company monitors its data, information technology and personnel usage of Company IT systems to identify and attempt to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to protect its data and IT systems or the efforts of third-party providers to protect their IT systems will be successful in preventing disruptions to the Company’s operations, including its manufacturing, research, and sales operations. Such disruptions have in the past and could in the future result in loss of revenue, or the loss of critical or sensitive information from the Company’s or the Company’s third-party providers’ databases or IT systems and have in the past and could in the future also result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to the Company and substantial remediation costs.
The Company is increasing its use of artificial intelligence (AI) systems to automate processes, analyze data, and support decision-making which poses inherent risks.
The Company’s growing use of artificial intelligence (AI) systems to automate processes, analyze data, and support decision-making poses inherent risks. Flaws, biases, or malfunctions in these systems could lead to operational disruptions, data loss, or erroneous decision-making, impacting the Company’s business operations, financial condition, and reputation. Ethical and legal challenges may arise, including biases or discrimination in AI outcomes, non-