at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and other postretirement benefit plan prior service credit of $
61
million and $
95
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
126
Table of Content
s
18.
Segment Reporting
The Company’s operations are principally managed on a product basis and include
two
operating segments, Pharmaceutical and Animal Health, both of which are reportable segments.
The Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products. Human health pharmaceutical products consist of therapeutic and preventive agents, generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders. The Company sells these human health pharmaceutical products primarily to drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers such as health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. Human health vaccine products consist of preventive pediatric, adolescent and adult vaccines. The Company sells these human health vaccines primarily to physicians, wholesalers, distributors and government entities. A large component of pediatric and adolescent vaccine sales are made to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Vaccines for Children program, which is funded by the U.S. government. Additionally, the Company sells vaccines to the Federal government for placement into vaccine stockpiles.
The Animal Health segment discovers, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of veterinary pharmaceutical and vaccine products, as well as health management solutions and services, for the prevention, treatment and control of disease in all major livestock and companion animal species. The Company also offers an extensive suite of digitally connected identification, traceability and monitoring products. The Company sells its products to veterinarians, distributors, animal producers, farmers and pet owners.
127
Table of Content
s
Sales of the Company’s products were as follows:
U.S. plus international may not equal total due to rounding.
(1)
Alliance revenue for Lynparza and Lenvima represents Merck’s share of profits, which are product sales net of cost of sales and commercialization costs (see Note 4).
(2)
Alliance revenue for Reblozyl represents royalties and, for 2022, also includes a payment received related to the achievement of a regulatory approval milestone (see Note 4).
(3)
Alliance revenue for Adempas/Verquvo represents Merck’s share of profits from sales in Bayer’s marketing territories, which are product sales net of cost of sales and commercialization costs (see Note 4).
(4)
Other pharmaceutical primarily reflects sales of other human health pharmaceutical products, including products within the franchises not listed separately.
(5)
Other is primarily comprised of miscellaneous corporate revenue, including revenue hedging activities which increased sales by $
195
million, $
244
million and $
810
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022,