deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically requests that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
Item 6.     [Reserved]
45
Table of Content
s
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
The following section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2024 and 2023 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023. Discussion of 2022 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 26, 2024
.
Description of Merck’s Business
Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck or the Company) is a global health care company that delivers innovative health solutions through its prescription medicines, including biologic therapies, vaccines and animal health products. The Company’s operations are principally managed on a product basis and include two operating segments, Pharmaceutical and Animal Health, both of which are reportable segments.
The Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products. Human health pharmaceutical products consist of therapeutic and preventive agents, generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders. The Company sells these human health pharmaceutical products primarily to drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers such as health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. Human health vaccine products consist of preventive pediatric, adolescent and adult vaccines. The Company sells these human health vaccines primarily to physicians, wholesalers, distributors and government entities.
The Animal Health segment discovers, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of veterinary pharmaceutical and vaccine products, as well as health management solutions and services, for the prevention, treatment and control of disease in all major livestock and companion animal species. The Company also offers an extensive suite of digitally connected identification, traceability and monitoring products. The Company sells its products to veterinarians, distributors, animal producers, farmers and pet owners.
Overview
Financial Highlights
* > 100%
(1)
Non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share (EPS) exclude acquisition- and divestiture-related costs, restructuring costs, income and losses from investments in equity securities, and certain other items from