Keytruda
to cancer patients having tumors that had the genetic biomarker known as microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H). After the conclusion of the study, JHU secured U.S. patents citing the joint research study. Merck alleges that JHU has breached the collaboration agreement by filing and obtaining these patents without informing or involving Merck and then licensing the patents to others. Merck therefore brought this action for breach of contract, declaratory judgment of noninfringement, and promissory estoppel. JHU answered the complaint in April and May 2023, denying Merck’s claims, and counterclaiming for willful infringement of
nine
issued U.S. patents, including a demand for damages. Between November 30, 2023, and March 13, 2024, the Company filed
inter partes
review petitions with the United States Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB), challenging the validity of all
nine
patents asserted in the case. Between June 2024 and October 2024, the PTAB instituted a review of all
nine
asserted patents. In July 2024, the district court granted Merck’s motion to stay the case in its entirety pending the outcome of the PTAB proceeding instituted in June 2024.
Subcutaneous Pembrolizumab
—
Halozyme, Inc. has publicly alleged that certain patents in its modified hyaluronidase (MDASE) portfolio cover the Company’s subcutaneous pembrolizumab candidate, which is currently under review by the FDA. In November 2024, the Company began filing a series of post grant review (PGR) petitions before the PTAB alleging that certain patents in the MDASE portfolio are invalid. On April 24, 2025, Halozyme, Inc. filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging that the Company’s activities related to subcutaneous pembrolizumab infringe or will
- 20 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
infringe
15
patents belonging to the MDASE portfolio,
11
of which are the subject of the Company’s already filed PGR petitions. The PTAB will likely issue a decision regarding the institution of the Company’s first filed petition in early June 2025.
Lynparza
—
As previously disclosed, in December 2022, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP received a Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying AstraZeneca that Natco Pharma Limited (Natco) has filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of Lynparza (olaparib) tablet. In February 2023, AstraZeneca and the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Natco. This lawsuit, which asserts
one
or more patents covering olaparib, automatically stays FDA approval of the generic application until June 2025 or until an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. In 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed additional patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Natco asserting