2025, plaintiff’s co-lead counsel in the
Gardasil
MDL filed a
seven
-plaintiff complaint in New Jersey state court. On March 24, 2025, Merck removed the case to federal court and has requested that the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation transfer the case to the
Gardasil
MDL. Plaintiffs have opposed transfer to the
Gardasil
MDL and have moved to have the case remanded to New Jersey state court.
On January 28, 2025, a trial commenced in California state court. Plaintiff claims that she suffers from POTS and fibromyalgia as a result of her
Gardasil
vaccinations. On February 14, 2025, after several weeks of trial and an opportunity to litigate plaintiff’s claims before a jury, plaintiff’s counsel approached Merck and proposed that the jury be discharged and the case adjourned. Merck agreed, subject to an explicit stipulation that Merck would provide no financial or other consideration in exchange for the agreement to adjourn. The case has thus been adjourned until a new trial date of September 15, 2025. Merck is vigorously defending this case and believes that evidence presented in court will show that
Gardasil
had no role in causing any of plaintiff’s conditions.
As previously disclosed, there are fewer than
15
product liability cases pending outside the U.S.
Governmental Proceedings
As previously disclosed, from time to time, the Company’s subsidiaries in China receive inquiries regarding their operations from various Chinese governmental agencies. Some of these inquiries may be related to matters involving other multinational pharmaceutical companies, as well as Chinese entities doing business with such companies. The Company’s policy is to cooperate with these authorities and to provide responses as appropriate.
As previously disclosed, from time to time, the Company receives inquiries and is the subject of preliminary investigation activities from competition and other governmental authorities in markets outside the U.S. These authorities may include regulators, administrative authorities, and law enforcement and other similar officials, and these preliminary investigation activities may include site visits, formal or informal requests or demands for documents or materials, inquiries or interviews and similar matters. Certain of these preliminary inquiries or activities may lead to the commencement of formal proceedings. Should those proceedings be determined adversely to the Company, monetary fines and/or remedial undertakings may be required.
Securities Litigation
As previously disclosed, in February 2025, a putative class action was filed against Merck and certain of its officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey purportedly on behalf of all purchasers of Merck common stock between February 2022 and February 2025. Plaintiff alleges that Merck violated federal securities laws by making materially false and misleading statements and material omissions regarding demand for
Gardasil/Gardasil
9 in China.