sales and profits.
The U.S. government has implemented tariffs on certain foreign imports into the U.S. The impact of the tariffs on Merck’s business depends on a number of factors including the duration, scope and amount of the tariffs, as well as the extent of any measures that have been or will be taken by any affected countries, including tariffs imposed by foreign governments. At this time, the Company anticipates that tariffs implemented to date will result in approximately $200 million of additional expenses in 2025 (which will be primarily reflected within
Cost of sales
) the vast majority of which relate to China, largely related to the importation of products into China. However, future changes to tariffs could have a further adverse effect on the Company’s business. In particular, the U.S. government has indicated that it intends to impose tariffs on pharmaceutical products, although the specific amount and timing of any such future tariffs has not been provided.
Operating Results
Sales
- 28 -
Worldwide sales were $15.5 billion in the first quarter of 2025, a decrease of 2% compared with the first quarter of 2024, reflecting declines in vaccines, virology and immunology, partially offset by growth in oncology, cardiovascular, diabetes and animal health. The decline in vaccines was primarily due to lower combined
Gardasil
(Human Papillomavirus Quadrivalent [Types 6, 11, 16 and 18] Vaccine and Recombinant)
/Gardasil
9 (Human Papillomavirus 9-valent Vaccine, Recombinant) sales, partially offset by the U.S. launch of
Capvaxive
(Pneumococcal 21-valent Conjugate Vaccine). The decline in virology was primarily due to lower sales of
Lagevrio
(molnupiravir) and the decline in immunology resulted from the transfer of marketing rights for
Remicade
and
Simponi
back to Johnson & Johnson on October 1, 2024. Growth in the oncology franchise was largely due to the performance of
Keytruda
(pembrolizumab) and
Welireg
(belzutifan), growth in the cardiovascular franchise was largely attributable to the ongoing launch of
Winrevair
(sotatercept-csrk), and the increase in diabetes was due to
Januvia
.
See Note 14 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for details on sales of the Company’s products. A discussion of performance for select products in the franchises follows. All product or service marks appearing in type form different from that of the surrounding text are trademarks or service marks owned, licensed to, promoted or distributed by Merck, its subsidiaries or affiliates, except as noted. All other trademarks or service marks are those of their respective owners.
Pharmaceutical Segment
Oncology
(1)
Alliance revenue for Lynparza and Lenvima represents Merck’s share of profits, which are product sales net of cost of sales and commercialization costs (see Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements).
(2)
Alliance revenue for Reblozyl represents royalties (see Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements).