table, “Option Exercises and Stock Vested” table, “Pension Benefits” table, “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation” table, and “Potential Payments Upon Termination or a Change in Control”, as well as all footnote information to the various tables, of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025.
The required information on director compensation is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Director Compensation” and related “2024 Schedule of Director Fees” table and “2024 Director Compensation” table of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025.
The required information under the headings “Compensation and Management Development Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” and “Compensation and Management Development Committee Report” is incorporated by reference from the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025.
135
Table of Content
s
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
Information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Stock Ownership Information” of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025.
Equity Compensation Plan Information
The following table summarizes information about the options, warrants and rights and other equity compensation under the Company’s equity compensation plans as of the close of business on December 31, 2024. The table does not include information about tax qualified plans such as the Merck U.S. Savings Plan.
(1)
Includes options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock and other rights under the following shareholder-approved plans: the Merck & Co., Inc. 2010 and 2019 Incentive Stock Plans, and the Merck & Co., Inc. 2010 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan.
(2)
Excludes approximately 12,232,051 shares of restricted stock units and 3,531,246 performance share units (assuming maximum payouts) under the Merck Sharp & Dohme 2010 and 2019 Incentive Stock Plans. Also excludes 153,540 shares of phantom stock deferred under the MSD Employee Deferral Program and 518,423 shares of phantom stock deferred under the Merck & Co., Inc. Plan for Deferred Payment of Directors’ Compensation.
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
The required information on transactions with related persons is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Related Person Transactions” of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025.
The required information on director independence is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Independence of Directors” of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of