audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
Item 9B.    Other Information.
Insider Trading Arrangements
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, none of the Company’s directors or executive officers
adopted
or
terminated
any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements.
Item 9C.    Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not Applicable.
134
Table of Content
s
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
The required information on directors and nominees is incorporated by reference from the discussion under Proposal 1. Election of Directors of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025. Information on executive officers is set forth in Part I of this document on page
43
.
The required information on compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, if applicable, is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Stock Ownership Information” of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025.
The Company has a Code of Conduct —
Our Values and Standards
applicable to all employees, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. The Code of Conduct is available on the Company’s website at www.merck.com/company-overview/culture-and-values/code-of-conduct/values-and-standards/. The Company intends to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of Conduct, and waivers of the Code of Conduct granted to executive officers and directors, if any, on the website within four business days following the date of any amendment or waiver. Every Merck employee is responsible for adhering to business practices that are in accordance with the law and with ethical principles that reflect the highest standards of corporate and individual behavior.
The required information on the identification of the audit committee and the audit committee financial expert is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Board Meetings and Committees” of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025.
The required information about the Company’s
insider trading policy
is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Insider Trading Policy” of the Company's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2025.
Item 11.
Executive Compensation.
The information required on executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Summary Compensation Table,” “All Other Compensation” table, “CEO Pay Ratio,” “Pay versus Performance” table, “Grants of Plan-Based Awards” table, “Outstanding Equity Awards”