the Company’s patent rights may exist in other countries. The Company intends to vigorously defend its patents, which it believes are valid, against infringement by companies attempting to market products prior to the expiration of such patents. As with any litigation, there can be no assurance of the outcomes, which, if adverse, could result in significantly shortened periods of exclusivity for these products and, with respect to products acquired through acquisitions accounted for as business combinations, potentially significant intangible asset impairment charges.
Bridion
—
As previously disclosed, between January and November 2020, the Company received multiple Paragraph IV Certification Letters under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying the Company that generic drug companies had filed applications to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of
Bridion
(sugammadex)
109
Table of Content
s
Injection. In March, April and December 2020, the Company filed patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. District Courts for the District of New Jersey and the Northern District of West Virginia against those generic companies. All actions in the District of New Jersey were consolidated. The West Virginia case was jointly dismissed with prejudice in August 2022 in favor of proceeding in New Jersey. The remaining defendants in the New Jersey action have stipulated to infringement of the asserted claims and withdrew all remaining claims and defenses other than a defense seeking to shorten the patent term extension (PTE) of the sugammadex patent to December 2022. The U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey held a
one-day
trial in December 2022 on this remaining PTE calculation defense. The court ordered a post-trial briefing on this defense and held closing arguments in February 2023.
As previously disclosed, in June 2023, the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey ruled in Merck’s favor. The court held that Merck’s calculation of PTE for the sugammadex patent covering the compound is not invalid and that the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office correctly granted a full
five-year
extension. This ruling affirms and validates Merck’s U.S. patent protection for
Bridion
through at least January 2026. Also in June 2023, the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey issued a final judgment prohibiting the FDA from approving any of the pending or tentatively approved generic applications until January 27, 2026, except for any subsequent agreements between defendants and Merck or further order by the court.
In July 2023, defendants filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The appeal is currently pending. Oral argument took place on February 4, 2025.
While the New Jersey action was pending, the Company settled with
five
generic companies providing that these generic companies can bring their generic versions of
Bridion
to the market in January 2026 (which may be delayed by any