higher net interest expense compared with 2023.
For details on the components of Other (income) expense, net, see Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
Pharmaceutical segment profits are comprised of segment sales less standard costs, as well as SG&A expenses directly incurred by the segment. Animal Health segment profits are comprised of segment sales, less all cost of sales, as well as SG&A and R&D expenses directly incurred by the segment. For internal management reporting presented to the chief operating decision maker, Merck does not allocate the remaining cost of sales not included in segment profits as described above, R&D expenses incurred by MRL, or general and administrative expenses not directly incurred by the segments, nor the cost of financing these activities. Separate divisions maintain responsibility for monitoring and managing these costs, including depreciation related to fixed assets utilized by these divisions and, therefore, they are not included in segment profits. Also excluded from the determination of segment profits are costs related to restructuring activities and acquisition- and divestiture-related costs, including the amortization of intangible assets and amortization of purchase accounting adjustments, intangible asset impairment charges, and expense or income related to changes in the estimated fair value measurement of liabilities for contingent consideration. Additionally, segment profits do not reflect other expenses from corporate and manufacturing cost centers and other miscellaneous income or expense. These unallocated items are reflected in “Non-segment activity” in the above table. Also included in “Non-segment activity” are miscellaneous corporate profits (losses), as well as operating profits (losses) related to third-party manufacturing arrangements.
Pharmaceutical segment profits grew 15% in 2024 primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by higher administrative and promotional costs, as well as the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange. Animal Health segment profits increased 12% in 2024 primarily due to higher sales and lower manufacturing-related costs, partially offset by increased administrative costs, as well as the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange.
Taxes on Income
The effective income tax rate of 14.1% in 2024 reflects a favorable mix of income and expense, as well as a 2.6 percentage point favorable impact due to a $519 million reduction in reserves for unrecognized income tax benefits resulting from the expiration in 2024 of the statute of limitations for assessments related to the 2019 and 2020 federal tax return years. The effective income tax rate in 2024 also reflects a 1.5 percentage point combined unfavorable impact of charges for the acquisition of Harpoon, for which no tax benefit was recognized, and the acquisitions of EyeBio and MK-1045 for which minimal tax benefits were realized.
While many jurisdictions in which Merck operates have adopted the global