combined with previous consideration transferred under a prior manufacturing arrangement with WuXi Vaccines related to this facility, resulted in $
759
million being recorded as assets under construction within
Property, Plant and Equipment
. There are no future contingent payments associated with the acquisition.
2024 Transactions
In March 2024, Merck acquired Harpoon Therapeutics, Inc. (Harpoon), a clinical-stage immunotherapy company developing a novel class of T-cell engagers designed to harness the power of the body’s immune system to treat patients suffering from cancer and other diseases, for $
765
million and also incurred $
56
million of transaction costs. Harpoon’s lead candidate, MK-6070 (formerly HPN328), is a T-cell engager targeting delta-like ligand 3 (DLL3), an inhibitory canonical Notch ligand that is expressed at high levels in small-cell lung cancer and neuroendocrine tumors. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition since MK-6070 represented substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (excluding cash and deferred income taxes). Merck recorded net assets of $
165
million, as well as a charge of $
656
million to
Research and development
expenses in the first three months of 2024 related to the transaction. There are no future contingent payments
- 6 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
associated with the acquisition. In August 2024, Merck and Daiichi Sankyo expanded their existing global co-development and co-commercialization agreement to include MK-6070. See Note 3 for more information on Merck’s collaboration with Daiichi Sankyo.
3.
Collaborative Arrangements
Merck has entered into collaborative arrangements that provide the Company with varying rights to develop, produce and market products together with its collaborative partners. Both parties in these arrangements are active participants and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities of the collaboration. Merck’s more significant collaborative arrangements are discussed below.
AstraZeneca PLC
In 2017, Merck and AstraZeneca PLC (AstraZeneca) entered into a global strategic oncology collaboration to co-develop and co-commercialize AstraZeneca’s Lynparza (olaparib) for multiple cancer types. Independently, Merck and AstraZeneca are developing and commercializing Lynparza in combinations with their respective PD-1 and PD-L1 medicines,
Keytruda
(pembrolizumab) and Imfinzi. The companies are also jointly developing and commercializing AstraZeneca’s Koselugo (selumetinib) for multiple indications. Under the terms of the agreement, AstraZeneca and Merck share the development and commercialization costs for Lynparza and Koselugo monotherapy and non-PD-1/PD-L1 combination therapy opportunities.
Profits from Lynparza and Koselugo product sales generated through monotherapies or combination therapies are shared equally. AstraZeneca is the principal on