costs (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements).
In March 2024, the FDA approved
Winrevair
for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) (World Health Organization [WHO] Group 1) to increase exercise capacity, improve WHO functional class (FC), and reduce the risk of clinical worsening events. In August 2024, the EC approved
Winrevair
, in combination with other PAH therapies, for the treatment of PAH in adult patients with WHO FC II to III, to improve exercise capacity. The FDA and EC approvals were based on the STELLAR trial.
Winrevair
has since launched in Germany. Timing for commercial availability of
Winrevair
in the remaining EU countries will depend on multiple factors, including the completion of national reimbursement procedures, which is expected to occur in most other major EU markets in the second half of 2025.
Winrevair
is the subject of a licensing agreement pursuant to which Merck pays a 22% royalty on sales of
Winrevair
to BMS. The royalty expenses are included in
Cost of sales
.
Adempas and Verquvo are part of a worldwide collaboration with Bayer AG (Bayer) to market and develop soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) modulators (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). Adempas is approved for the treatment of certain types of PAH and chronic pulmonary hypertension (PH). Verquvo is approved to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death and heart failure hospitalization following a hospitalization for heart failure or need for outpatient intravenous diuretics in adults with symptomatic chronic heart failure and reduced ejection fraction. Alliance revenue from the collaboration grew 13% in 2024 reflecting higher demand in Bayer’s marketing territories. Revenue also includes sales of Adempas and Verquvo in Merck’s marketing territories. Sales of Adempas in Merck’s marketing territories grew 12% in 2024 primarily due to higher demand.
Virology
Lagevrio
is an investigational oral antiviral COVID-19 medicine being developed in a collaboration with Ridgeback Biotherapeutics LP (Ridgeback) (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). Sales of
Lagevrio
declined 33% in 2024 primarily due to lower demand and pricing in several markets in the Asia Pacific region, particularly in Japan, partially offset by uptake from commercial distribution in the U.S. under Emergency Use Authorization.
55
Table of Content
s
Immunology
Simponi
and
Remicade
are treatments for certain inflammatory diseases that the Company marketed in Europe, Russia and Türkiye. The Company’s marketing rights with respect to these products reverted to Johnson & Johnson on October 1, 2024 resulting in sales declines for these products versus prior year.
Diabetes
Worldwide combined sales of
Januvia
and
Janumet
, medicines that help lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes, declined 33% in 2024 primarily due to lower sales in the U.S., largely reflecting lower pricing and lower demand due to competitive pressures, as