Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of March 31, 2025, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. For the first quarter of 2025, there were no changes in internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
CAUTIONARY FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS
This report and other written reports and oral statements made from time to time by the Company may contain so-called “forward-looking statements,” all of which are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. One can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “plans,” “will,” “estimates,” “forecasts,” “projects” and other words of similar meaning, or negative variations of any of the foregoing. One can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements are likely to address the Company’s growth strategy, financial results, product approvals, product potential, or development programs. One must carefully consider any such statement and should understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s forward-looking statements. These factors include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are not. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially.
- 39 -
The Company does not assume the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. One should carefully evaluate such statements in light of factors, including risk factors, described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, especially on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. In Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10‑K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed on February 25, 2025, the Company discusses in more detail various important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. The Company notes these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. One should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the reader should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties.
PART II - Other Information
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 7 included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (unaudited) — Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer purchases of equity securities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were as