increasing amount of focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect directly the Company’s business, including laws in a majority of states in the U.S. requiring security breach notification.
•
Changes in tax laws including changes related to the taxation of foreign earnings.
•
Changes in accounting pronouncements promulgated by standard-setting or regulatory bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the SEC, that are adverse to the Company.
40
Table of Content
s
•
Economic factors over which the Company has no control, including changes in inflation, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.
This list should not be considered an exhaustive statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. See “Risk Factors” above.
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C.    Cybersecurity.
The Company’s cybersecurity measures are primarily focused on ensuring the security and protection of its IT systems and data.
The Company’s information security program is managed by a dedicated
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
, whose group is responsible for leading enterprise-wide cybersecurity risk management, strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes.
The CISO has worked in the cybersecurity and national security fields for more than 30 years. He has a Master of Science in Telecommunications and Computers. He has served as a board member of the Health Information Sharing and Analysis Center for 10 years.
Oversight of the information security program has been integrated into the Company’s overall enterprise risk management program.
The CISO provides periodic reports to the Audit Committee (Audit Committee) of the Board of Directors (Board), the full Board, as well as to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management, as appropriate.
These reports include updates on the Company’s cybersecurity risks and threats, the status of projects intended to strengthen its information security systems, assessments of the information security program (including remediation, mitigation, and management of identified vulnerabilities), and the emerging threat landscape.
The information security program is regularly evaluated by internal and external consultants and auditors with the results of those reviews reported to senior management and the Audit Committee, which is comprised entirely of independent directors and has oversight responsibility for these risks.
The Company’s information security group monitors the Company’s information systems to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity incidents. The Company uses tools and techniques to continually assess and monitor, manage and mitigate cybersecurity threats to its IT systems in a manner consistent with industry practice. The Company engages with key vendors, industry participants, and intelligence and law enforcement communities as part of its continuing efforts to obtain current threat intelligence,