billion credit facility that matures in May 2028. The facility provides backup liquidity for the Company’s commercial paper borrowing facility and is to be used for general corporate purposes. The Company has not drawn funding from this facility.
Leases
The Company has operating leases primarily for manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities, corporate offices, employee housing, vehicles and certain equipment. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. When evaluating contracts for embedded leases, the Company exercises judgment to determine if there is an explicit or implicit identified asset in the contract and if Merck controls the use of that asset. Embedded leases, primarily associated with contract manufacturing organizations, are immaterial. The lease term includes options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that Merck will exercise that option. Real estate leases for facilities have an average remaining lease term of approximately
six years
, which include options to extend the leases for up to
five years
where applicable. Vehicle leases are generally in effect for
four years
. The Company elected to exclude short-term leases (leases with an initial term of 12 months or less) from the lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet.
Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Since the Company’s leases do not have a readily determinable implicit discount rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to calculate the present value of lease payments by asset class. On a quarterly basis, an updated incremental borrowing rate is determined based on the average remaining lease term of each asset class and the Company’s pretax cost of debt for that same term. The updated rates for each asset class are applied prospectively to new leases. The Company does not separate lease components (e.g., payments for rent, real estate taxes and insurance costs) from non-lease components (e.g. common-area maintenance costs) in the event that the agreement contains both. Merck includes both the lease and non-lease components for purposes of calculating the right-of-use asset and related lease liability (if the non-lease components are fixed). For vehicle leases and employee housing, the Company applies a portfolio approach to account for the operating lease assets and liabilities.
Certain of the Company’s lease agreements contain variable lease payments that are adjusted periodically for inflation or for actual operating expense true-ups compared with estimated amounts; however, these amounts are immaterial. Sublease income was immaterial and there were no sale and leaseback transactions in 2024. Merck’s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive