reduction to
Research and development
expenses ratably over the estimated Phase 2b research period. In 2024, it was determined the Phase 2b clinical trial for MK-8189 as a monotherapy for acute schizophrenia did not meet its primary efficacy endpoint; therefore, further development in schizophrenia, bipolar, and dementia indications has stopped, and the funding arrangement was terminated.
In September 2022, Merck exercised its option to jointly develop and commercialize V940 (mRNA-4157), an investigational individualized neoantigen therapy, pursuant to the terms of an existing collaboration and license agreement with Moderna, Inc. (Moderna). See Note 4 for additional information related to this collaboration.
In August 2022, Merck and Orna Therapeutics (Orna), a biotechnology company pioneering a new investigational class of engineered circular RNA (oRNA) therapies, entered into a collaboration agreement to discover, develop, and commercialize multiple programs, including vaccines and therapeutics in the areas of infectious disease and oncology. Under the terms of the agreement, Merck made an upfront payment to Orna of $
150
million, which was recorded as a charge to
Research and development
expenses in 2022. In addition, Orna is eligible to receive future contingent payments aggregating up to $
440
million in development-related payments, $
675
million in regulatory milestones, and $
2.4
billion in sales-based milestones associated with the progress of the multiple vaccine and therapeutic programs, as well as royalties ranging from a high-single-digit rate to a low-double-digit rate on any approved products derived from the collaboration. Merck also invested $
100
million in Orna’s Series B preferred shares in 2022.
In July 2022, Merck and Orion Corporation (Orion) announced a global co-development and co-commercialization agreement for Orion’s investigational candidate opevesostat (MK-5684/ODM-208) and other drugs targeting cytochrome P450 11A1 (CYP11A1), an enzyme important in steroid production. Merck made an upfront payment to Orion of $
290
million, which was recorded as a charge to
Research and development
expenses in 2022. Orion is responsible for the manufacture of clinical and commercial supply of opevesostat. In addition, the contract provided both parties with an option to convert the initial co-development and co-commercialization agreement into a global exclusive license to Merck, which was mutually exercised in July 2024 (as noted above).
In May 2022, in connection with an existing arrangement, Merck exercised its option to obtain an exclusive license outside of Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan for the development, manufacture and commercialization of Kelun-Biotech’s trophoblast antigen 2 (TROP2)-targeting ADC programs, including its lead compound, sacituzumab tirumotecan (MK-2870/SKB-264), which is currently in Phase 3 clinical development. Under the terms of the agreement, Merck and Kelun-Biotech are collaborating on