most international markets. In January 2025, China’s NMPA approved Lynparza as adjuvant treatment for adult patients with germline
BRCA
-mutated, HER2-negative high-risk early breast cancer, based on the OlympiA trial.
Lenvima is an oral receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor being developed and commercialized as part of a collaboration with Eisai (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). Lenvima is approved for the treatment of certain types of thyroid cancer, RCC, HCC, in combination with everolimus for certain patients with advanced RCC, and in combination with
Keytruda
for certain patients with advanced endometrial carcinoma or advanced RCC. Alliance revenue related to Lenvima grew 5% in 2024 primarily reflecting higher demand and pricing in the U.S.
Sales of
Welireg
, for the treatment of adult patients with certain VHL disease-associated tumors and certain adult patients with previously treated advanced RCC, more than doubled in 2024 primarily due to higher demand in the U.S. reflecting in part continued uptake of the RCC indication following approval by the FDA in December 2023. In November 2024,
Welireg
was approved in China for the treatment of adult patients with certain VHL disease-associated tumors not requiring immediate surgery based on the LITESPARK-004 clinical trial. In February 2025, the EC conditionally approved
Welireg
as monotherapy both for the treatment of adult patients with VHL disease who require therapy for associated, localized RCC, central nervous system hemangioblastomas, or pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors, and for whom localized procedures are unsuitable, and for the treatment of adult patients with advanced clear cell RCC that progressed following two or more lines of therapy that included a PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitor and at least two VEGF targeted therapies. The EC approval of these two indications is based on results from the LITESPARK-004 and LITESPARK-005 trials. The conditional approval of
Welireg
will be valid for one year, subject to yearly renewal, pending certain additional clinical data. Timing for commercial availability of
Welireg
in individual EU countries will depend on multiple factors, including the completion of national reimbursement procedures.
Reblozyl is a first-in-class erythroid maturation recombinant fusion protein that is being commercialized through a global collaboration with Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMS) (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). Reblozyl is approved for the treatment of anemia in certain rare blood disorders. Alliance revenue related to this collaboration (consisting of royalties) increased 75% in 2024 due to strong underlying sales performance.
Vaccines
* > 100%
53
Table of Content
s
Combined worldwide sales of
Gardasil
and
Gardasil
9, vaccines to help prevent certain cancers and other diseases caused by certain types of human papillomavirus (HPV), declined 3% in 2024 primarily driven by lower demand in China. Outside of China,
Gardasil/Gardasil