November 2024, Merck’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.81 per share on the Company’s outstanding common stock for the first quarter that was paid in January 2025. In January 2025, Merck’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.81 per share on the Company’s outstanding common stock for the second quarter that was paid in April 2025.
In 2018, Merck’s Board of Directors authorized purchases of up to $10 billion of Merck’s common stock for its treasury. The treasury stock purchase authorization has no time limit and will be made over time in open-market transactions, block transactions on or off an exchange, or in privately negotiated transactions. During the first three months of 2025, the Company purchased $1.2 billion (13 million shares) of its common stock for its treasury under this program. The Company expects the pace of share repurchases to continue at this level for the remainder of 2025. In January 2025, Merck’s Board of Directors authorized purchases of up to an additional $10 billion of Merck’s common stock for its treasury. As of March 31, 2025, the Company’s remaining share repurchase authorization was $11.2 billion.
The Company has a $6.0 billion credit facility that matures in May 2028. The facility provides backup liquidity for the Company’s commercial paper borrowing facility and is to be used for general corporate purposes. The Company has not drawn funding from this facility.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The Company’s significant accounting policies, which include management’s best estimates and judgments, are included in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 included in Merck’s Form 10‑K filed on February 25, 2025. A discussion of accounting estimates considered critical because of the potential for a significant impact on the financial statements due to the inherent uncertainty in such estimates is included in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Merck’s Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes in the Company’s critical accounting estimates since December 31, 2024.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards
For a discussion of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
There have been no material changes in market risk exposures that affect the disclosures presented in “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” in the Company’s 2024 Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2025.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Management of the Company, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting. Based on their evaluation, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and