program. As of December 31, 2024, the Company’s remaining share repurchase authorization was $2.4 billion. The Company purchased $1.3 billion of its common stock during 2023 under the authorized share repurchase program. The Company did not purchase any shares of its common stock under this program in 2022. In January 2025, Merck’s Board of Directors authorized purchases of up to an additional $10 billion of Merck’s common stock for its treasury.
The Company believes it maintains a conservative financial profile. The Company places its cash and investments in instruments that meet high credit quality standards, as specified in its investment policy guidelines. These guidelines also limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The Company does not participate in any off-balance sheet arrangements involving unconsolidated subsidiaries that provide financing or potentially expose the Company to unrecorded financial obligations.
The Company expects foreseeable liquidity and capital resource requirements to be met through existing cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flows from operations, as well as commercial paper borrowings and long-term borrowings if needed. Merck believes that its sources of financing will be adequate to meet its future requirements. The Company’s material cash requirements arising in the normal course of business primarily include:
64
Table of Content
s
Debt Obligations and Interest Payments —
See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further detail of the Company’s debt obligations and the timing of expected future principal and interest payments.
Tax Liabilities —
In connection with the enactment of the TCJA, the Company is required to pay a one-time transition tax, which the Company has elected to pay over a period of eight years through 2025 as permitted under the TCJA. Additionally, the Company has liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information pertaining to the transition tax and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits.
Operating Leases —
See Note 9 to consolidated financial statements for further details of the Company’s lease obligations and the timing of expected future lease payments.
Collaboration-Related Payments —
At December 31, 2024, the Company has accrued liabilities for contingent sales-based milestone payments related to a collaboration with AstraZeneca where the related sales-based milestones were achieved, but payment was not yet due according to the payment terms. These sales-based milestones were subsequently paid in January 2025. Additionally, the Company has an accrued liability for a future continuation payment related to a collaboration with Daiichi Sankyo. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these payments.
Purchase Obligations —
Purchase obligations are enforceable and legally binding obligations for