believes that its properties are in good operating condition and that its machinery and equipment have been well maintained. The Company believes that its plants for the manufacture of products are suitable for their intended purposes and have capacities and projected capacities, including previously disclosed capital expansion projects, that will be adequate for current and projected needs for existing Company products. Some capacity of the plants is being converted, with any needed modification, to the requirements of newly introduced and future products.
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings.
The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” Note 10. “Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities.”
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not Applicable.
42
Table of Content
s
Executive Officers of the Registrant (ages as of February 1, 2025)
All officers listed below serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. None of these officers was elected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between the officer and any other person(s).
43
Table of Content
s
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
The principal market for trading of the Company’s Common Stock is the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol MRK.
As of January 31, 2025, there were approximately 85,700 shareholders of record of the Company’s Common Stock.
Issuer purchases of equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2024 were as follows:
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
(1)
All shares purchased during the period were made as part of a plan approved by the Board of Directors in October 2018 to purchase up to $10 billion in Merck shares for its treasury. In January 2025, the Board of Directors approved a plan to purchase up to an additional $10 billion in Merck shares for its treasury.
44
Table of Content
s
Performance Graph
The following graph assumes a $100 investment on December 31, 2019, and reinvestment of all dividends, in each of the Company’s Common Stock, the S&P 500 Index, and a composite peer group of major U.S. and European-based pharmaceutical companies, which are: AbbVie Inc., Amgen Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly and Company, Gilead Sciences Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding AG, and Sanofi SA.
Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return
Merck & Co., Inc., Composite Peer Group and S&P 500 Index
*    Compound Annual Growth Rate
**    Peer group average was calculated on a market cap weighted basis as of December 31, 2019.
This Performance Graph will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. In addition, the Performance Graph will not be