Lynparza and Koselugo sales transactions. Merck records its share of Lynparza and Koselugo product sales, net of cost of sales and commercialization costs, as alliance revenue, and its share of development costs associated with the collaboration as part of
Research and development
expenses. Reimbursements received from AstraZeneca for research and development expenses are recognized as reductions to
Research and development
costs.
As part of the agreement, Merck made an upfront payment to AstraZeneca and also made payments over a multi-year period for certain license options. In addition, the agreement provides for contingent payments from Merck to AstraZeneca related to the successful achievement of sales-based and regulatory milestones.
In the first quarter of 2025, Merck made sales-based milestone payments aggregating $
700
million to AstraZeneca of which $
600
million related to Lynparza and $
100
million related to Koselugo (both of which had been previously accrued for). Potential future sales-based milestone payments of $
2.0
billion have not yet been accrued as they are not deemed by the Company to be probable at this time. Lynparza received a regulatory approval triggering a capitalized milestone payment from Merck to AstraZeneca of $
245
million in the first quarter of 2024 (which had been previously accrued for). The partners have agreed that
no
future regulatory milestone payments from Merck to AstraZeneca are likely under the agreement.
The intangible asset balances related to Lynparza and Koselugo (which reflect the capitalized sales-based and regulatory milestone payments attributed to each product) were $
1.1
billion and $
48
million, respectively, at March 31, 2025 and are included in
Other Intangibles, Net
. The assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives (through 2028 for Lynparza and through 2029 for Koselugo) as supported by projected future cash flows, subject to impairment testing.
Summarized financial information related to this collaboration is as follows:
(1)
Represents amortization of capitalized milestone payments.
(2)
Balance at December 31, 2024 includes accrued milestone payments.
Eisai Co., Ltd.
In 2018, Merck and Eisai Co., Ltd. (Eisai) announced a strategic collaboration for the worldwide co-development and co-commercialization of Lenvima (lenvatinib), an orally available tyrosine kinase inhibitor discovered by Eisai. Under the agreement, Merck and Eisai are developing and commercializing Lenvima jointly, both as monotherapy and in combination with
Keytruda
. Eisai records Lenvima product sales globally (Eisai is the principal on Lenvima sales transactions) and Merck and
- 7 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
Eisai share applicable profits equally. Merck records its share of Lenvima product sales, net of cost of sales and commercialization costs, as alliance revenue. Expenses incurred during co-development are shared by the two companies in accordance