corresponding increases to the intangible asset related to Lenvima. Merck also recognized $
154
million of cumulative amortization catch-up expense related to the recognition of these milestones in 2023. Potential future sales-based milestone payments of $
2.3
billion have not yet been accrued as they are not deemed by the Company to be probable at this time.
89
Table of Content
s
In 2022, Lenvima received regulatory approvals triggering capitalized milestone payments of $
50
million from Merck to Eisai. There are no regulatory milestone payments remaining under the agreement.
The intangible asset balance related to Lenvima (which includes capitalized sales-based and regulatory milestone payments) was $
442
million at December 31, 2024 and is included in
Other Intangibles, Net
. The amount is being amortized over its estimated useful life through 2026 as supported by projected future cash flows, subject to impairment testing.
Summarized financial information related to this collaboration is as follows:
(1)
Represents amortization of capitalized milestone payments. Amount in 2023 includes $
154
million of cumulative amortization catch-up expense as noted above.
(2)
Represents an accrued milestone payment.
Bayer AG
In 2014, the Company entered into a worldwide clinical development collaboration with Bayer AG (Bayer) to market and develop soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) modulators including Bayer’s Adempas (riociguat) and Verquvo (vericiguat). The two companies have implemented a joint development and commercialization strategy. Under the agreement, Bayer commercializes Adempas in the Americas, while Merck commercializes in the rest of the world. For Verquvo, Merck commercializes in the U.S. and Bayer commercializes in the rest of the world. Both companies share in development costs and profits on sales. Merck records sales of Adempas and Verquvo in its marketing territories, as well as alliance revenue. Alliance revenue represents Merck’s share of profits from sales of Adempas and Verquvo in Bayer’s marketing territories, which are product sales net of cost of sales and commercialization costs. Cost of sales includes Bayer’s share of profits from sales in Merck’s marketing territories.
In addition, the agreement provided for contingent payments from Merck to Bayer related to the successful achievement of sales-based milestones. In 2022, Merck made the final $
400
million sales-based milestone payment under this collaboration to Bayer.
The intangible asset balances related to Adempas (which includes the acquired intangible asset balance, as well as capitalized sales-based milestone payments attributed to Adempas) and Verquvo (which reflects the portion of the final sales-based milestone payment that was attributed to Verquvo) were $
372
million and $
42
million, respectively, at December 31, 2024 and are included in
Other Intangibles, Net
. The assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives (through 2027 for Adempas and through 2031