Environmental Sustainability Implementation Steering Committee was designated by the EHS Council to oversee the progress of initiatives that support the achievement of the Company’s public goals and provide guidance on resourcing of the Company’s environmental sustainability strategy.
Merck believes that climate change could present risks to its business, as discussed in further detail in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” below under the headings “Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects” and “Environmental, social and governance matters may impact the Company’s business and reputation.” Some of the potential impacts of climate change to the Company’s business include increased operating costs due to additional regulatory requirements, physical risks to the Company’s facilities, water limitations and disruptions to its supply chain. These potential risks are integrated into the Company’s business planning, including investment in reducing energy usage, water use and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
The Company has adopted a set of climate goals to help position it to succeed in an increasingly resource-constrained world. These goals address the rising expectations of the Company’s customers, investors, external stakeholders and employees regarding the environmental impact of its operations and supply chain. The Company’s climate goals include reducing Scope 1 and 2 operational GHG emissions 46% by 2030 (from a 2019 baseline), sourcing 100% of its purchased electricity from renewable sources by 2025, and reducing Scope 3 GHG emissions 30% by 2030 (from a 2019 baseline). In 2024, the Company committed to a net-zero target for its GHG emissions across its global operations (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 2045, aligned with the guidelines of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Other environmental sustainability initiatives of the Company include:
•
Partnering for progress across the Company’s value chain.
The Company is working to reduce its Scope 3 emissions through a robust supplier engagement approach to drive collaboration upstream and downstream in its value chain. By engaging with its suppliers, the Company can identify key ways to reduce its GHG emissions and pinpoint additional tangible benefits for the business.
•
Playbooks for a sustainable environment.
To help direct and track projects in support of its goals, the Company has developed a series of guidance documents for its global sites. In 2021, the Company launched its Low Carbon Transition Playbook (LCTP), a common platform that includes a gap assessment to help the Company’s global sites evaluate the maturity of their energy programs and help create short- and long-term plans to reduce sites’ carbon intensity and build toward a low-carbon future. Based on learnings from use, the Company issued LCTP 2.0 in 2022 with a capability to facilitate knowledge sharing