utilized by these divisions and, therefore, they are not included in segment profits. In addition, costs related to restructuring activities, as well as the amortization of intangible assets and amortization of purchase accounting adjustments are not allocated to segments.
Other profits are primarily comprised of miscellaneous corporate profits, as well as operating profits (losses) related to third-party manufacturing arrangements.
- 26 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
Other unallocated, net, includes expenses from corporate and manufacturing cost centers, intangible asset impairment charges, gains or losses on sales of businesses, expense or income related to changes in the estimated fair value measurement of liabilities for contingent consideration, and other miscellaneous income or expense items.
Equity income from affiliates and depreciation included in segment profits is as follows:
Property, plant and equipment, net, by geographic area where located is as follows:
The Company does not disaggregate assets on a products and services basis for internal management reporting and, therefore, such information is not presented.
- 27 -
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Business Development Transactions
Below is a summary of significant business development activity thus far in 2025.
In March 2025, Merck and Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Hengrui Pharma) announced that the companies have entered into an exclusive license agreement for HRS-5346, an investigational oral small molecule Lipoprotein(a) inhibitor, which is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial in China. Under the agreement, Hengrui Pharma granted Merck exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize HRS-5346 worldwide, excluding the Greater China region. Hengrui Pharma will receive an upfront payment of $200 million and is eligible to receive future contingent payments associated with certain developmental, regulatory and sales-based milestones, as well as tiered royalties on future net sales of HRS-5346, if approved. Closing of the proposed transaction is subject to approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and other customary conditions. Merck expects to record a pretax charge of $200 million to
Research and development
expenses, or approximately $0.06 per share, upon closing, which is anticipated in the second quarter of 2025.
Also in March 2025, Merck acquired the Dundalk, Ireland facility of WuXi Vaccines (a wholly owned subsidiary of WuXi Biologics), which was accounted for as an asset acquisition. Merck paid $437 million at closing which, combined with previous consideration transferred under a prior manufacturing arrangement with WuXi Vaccines related to this facility, resulted in $759 million being recorded as assets under construction within
Property, Plant and Equipment
. There are no future contingent payments