9 achieved strong growth in most other international markets due to higher demand, particularly in Japan due to a national catch-up immunization program, and in the U.S. due to public sector buying patterns, higher pricing and demand. Beginning in mid-2024, the Company observed a significant decline in shipments from its distributor and commercialization partner in China, Chongqing Zhifei Biological Products Co., Ltd. (Zhifei), to disease and control prevention institutions and correspondingly into the points of vaccination, resulting in above normal inventory levels at Zhifei. Accordingly, the Company shipped less than its contracted doses to Zhifei in the latter part of 2024. Lower demand in China persisted and, at the end of 2024, overall channel inventory levels in China remained elevated at above normal levels. Therefore, the Company made a decision to temporarily pause shipments to China beginning in February 2025 through at least the middle of the year and, as a result,
Gardasil/Gardasil
9 sales will decline significantly in 2025 compared with 2024. In January 2025, China’s NMPA approved
Gardasil
for use in males 9-26 years of age to help prevent certain HPV-related cancers and diseases.
The Company is a party to license agreements pursuant to which the Company pays royalties on sales of
Gardasil/Gardasil
9. Under the terms of the more significant of these agreements, Merck pays a 7% royalty on sales of
Gardasil/Gardasil
9 in the U.S. to one third party (this royalty expires in December 2028). Merck paid an additional 7% royalty on worldwide sales of
Gardasil/Gardasil
9 to another third party; this royalty expired in December 2023. The royalty expenses are included in
Cost of sales
.
Global sales of
ProQuad
, a pediatric combination vaccine to help protect against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella, grew 6% in 2024 primarily due to higher pricing in the U.S. Worldwide sales of
M-M-R
II, a vaccine to help protect against measles, mumps and rubella, grew 8% in 2024 primarily due to higher demand in certain international markets, partially offset by lower demand in the U.S. Global sales of
Varivax,
a vaccine to help prevent chickenpox (varicella), grew 3% in 2024 primarily attributable to higher pricing in the U.S., partially offset by lower sales in Latin America due to supply constraints. The Company is experiencing manufacturing delays related to
ProQuad
and
Varivax
. As a result, the Company anticipates that some international markets will experience supply constraints during 2025. In order to ensure consistent supply in the U.S., in January 2025, the Company borrowed doses of
ProQuad
from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Pediatric Vaccine Stockpile. The borrowing will reduce sales of
ProQuad
in the first quarter of 2025 by approximately $70 million. These doses will be used to support routine vaccination in the U.S.
Worldwide sales of
Vaxneuvance
, a vaccine to help protect against invasive pneumococcal