deruxtecan (HER3-DXd) was discovered by Daiichi Sankyo and is being jointly developed by Daiichi Sankyo and Merck. Merck is working with Daiichi Sankyo to address FDA feedback.
MK-6482,
Welireg,
is under review in Japan both for the treatment of adults with VHL disease based on the LITESPARK-004 clinical trial and for the treatment of certain adults with previously treated advanced RCC based on the LITESPARK-005 clinical trial. Additionally, in January 2025, the FDA accepted for priority review a supplemental NDA seeking approval of
Welireg
for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients (12 years and older) with advanced, unresectable, or metastatic pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma, based on the LITESPARK-015 trial. The FDA set a PDUFA, or target action, date of May 26, 2025.
V116,
Capvaxive
, a 21-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine designed to help prevent invasive pneumococcal disease and pneumococcal pneumonia caused by certain serotypes in adults, is under review in the EU and Japan. The applications are supported by results from multiple Phase 3 clinical studies evaluating V116 in both vaccine-naïve and vaccine-experienced adult patient populations. In January 2025, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMA recommended the approval of
Capvaxive
for active immunization for the prevention of invasive disease and pneumonia caused by certain types of Streptococcus pneumoniae in individuals 18 years of age and older. The CHMP’s recommendation will now be reviewed by the EC for marketing authorization in the EU, and a final decision is expected by the second quarter of 2025.
17
Table of Content
s
MK-7962,
Winrevair
, Merck’s novel activin signaling inhibitor, is under review in Japan for the treatment of adult patients with PAH based on the Phase 3 STELLAR trial. In November 2024, Merck announced positive topline results from the Phase 3 ZENITH study, evaluating
Winrevair
in adults with PAH with WHO Group 1 FC III or IV at high risk of mortality. Based on the positive results of an interim analysis, an independent data monitoring committee recommended that the study be stopped early due to overwhelming efficacy. In addition, in January 2025, Merck announced the Phase 3 HYPERION study evaluating
Winrevair
in newly diagnosed adults with PAH FC II or III at intermediate or high risk of disease progression was also stopped early based on the positive results from the interim analysis of the ZENITH trial and a review of the totality of data from the
Winrevair
clinical program to date. All participants in both the ZENITH and HYPERION studies will be offered the opportunity to receive
Winrevair
as part of the open-label, long-term extension study, SOTERIA.
MK-1654, clesrovimab, is an investigational prophylactic long-acting monoclonal antibody designed to protect infants from respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) disease during their first RSV season. In December 2024, the FDA accepted the BLA for clesrovimab and set a