medicines and vaccines, nutritionals and supplements for aquatic species;
two
related aqua manufacturing facilities in Canada and Vietnam; as well as a research facility in Chile. The acquisition broadens Animal Health’s aqua portfolio with products, such as
Clynav
, a new generation DNA-based vaccine that protects Atlantic salmon against pancreas disease, and
Imvixa
, an anti-parasitic sea lice treatment. This acquisition also brings a portfolio of water treatment products for warm water production, complementing Animal Health’s warm water vaccine portfolio. In addition to these products, the DNA-based vaccine technology that is a part of the business has the potential to accelerate the development of novel vaccines to address the unmet needs of the aqua industry. There are no contingent payments associated with the acquisition, which was accounted for as a business combination.
The estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the Elanco aqua business are as follows:
(1)
The estimated fair values of
Clynav
and other product rights were determined using an income approach, specifically the multi-period excess earnings method. The future probability-weighted net cash flows were discounted to present value utilizing a discount rate of
8.5
%. Actual cash flows are likely to be different than those assumed.
(2)
The goodwill recognized is largely attributable to anticipated synergies expected to arise after the acquisition and was allocated to the Animal Health segment. The goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
Also in July 2024, Merck acquired Eyebiotech Limited (EyeBio), a privately held ophthalmology-focused biotechnology company, for $
1.2
billion (including payments to settle share-based equity awards) and also incurred $
207
million of transaction costs. The acquisition agreement also provides for former EyeBio shareholders to receive future contingent developmental milestone payments of up to $
200
million (of which $
100
million was triggered and paid in 2024 as noted below), regulatory milestone payments of up to $
1.0
billion and sales-based milestone payments of up to $
500
million. EyeBio’s development work focused on candidates for the prevention and treatment of vision loss associated with retinal vascular leakage, a known risk factor for retinal diseases. EyeBio’s lead candidate, MK-3000 (formerly EYE103), is an investigational, potentially first-in-class tetravalent, tri-specific antibody that acts as an agonist of the Wingless-related integration site signaling pathway, which is in clinical development for the treatment of diabetic macular edema and neovascular age-related macular degeneration. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition since MK-3000 accounted for substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (excluding cash and deferred income taxes). Merck recorded net assets of $
21
million, as well as a charge of $
1.35
billion to
Research and development