marketed products, and the absence of trade impediments or adverse pricing controls. In recent years, the Chinese government has introduced and implemented a number of structural reforms to accelerate the shift to innovative products and reduce costs. There have been multiple new policies introduced by the government to improve access to new innovation, reduce the complexity of regulatory filings, and accelerate the review and approval process. This has led to a significant increase in the number of new products being approved each year. While the mechanism for drugs being added to the government’s National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) evolves, inclusion may require a price negotiation which could impact the outlook in the market for selected brands. A new NRDL was recently completed in which new entries averaged 63% price reductions. While pricing pressure has always existed in China, health care reform has increased this pressure in part due to the acceleration of generic substitution through volume-based procurement (VBP). In 2019, the government implemented the VBP program through a tendering process for mature products which have generic substitutes with a Generic Quality Consistency Evaluation approval. Mature products that have entered into the last five rounds of VBP had, on average, a price reduction of more than 50%. The Company expects VBP to be a semi-annual process that will have a significant impact on mature products moving forward.
9
Table of Content
s
Emerging Markets
The Company’s focus on emerging markets, in addition to China, has continued. Governments in many emerging markets are also focused on constraining health care costs and have enacted price controls and measures impacting intellectual property, including in exceptional cases, threats of compulsory licenses, that aim to put pressure on the price of innovative pharmaceuticals or result in constrained market access to innovative medicine. The Company anticipates that pricing pressures and market access challenges will continue in the future to varying degrees in the emerging markets.
Beyond pricing and market access challenges, other conditions in emerging market countries can affect the Company’s efforts to continue to grow in these markets, including potential political instability, changes in trade sanctions and embargoes, significant currency fluctuation and controls, financial crises, limited or changing availability of funding for health care, credit worthiness of health care partners, such as hospitals, and other developments that may adversely impact the business environment for the Company. Further, the Company may engage third-party agents to assist in operating in emerging market countries, which may affect its ability to realize continued growth and may also increase the Company’s risk exposure.
Regulation
The pharmaceutical industry is also subject to regulation by regional, country, state and local agencies around the world focused on standards and