The Company estimated the current fair value of nemtabrutinib utilizing an income approach which calculates the present value of projected future cash flows. The market participant assumptions used to derive the forecasted cash flows were updated to reflect a delay in the anticipated launch date for nemtabrutinib, which resulted in lower cumulative revenue forecasts and a reduction in the estimated fair value. The revised estimated fair value of nemtabrutinib when compared with its related carrying value resulted in a $
807
million impairment charge recorded in the third quarter of 2022. In December 2022, regulatory authorities provided additional feedback with respect to clinical study design that led to a further reassessment of the development plan for nemtabrutinib, which was expected to result in changes to the clinical study design, and corresponding delays in the anticipated approval and launch timelines, which constituted a triggering event. Utilizing an income approach, the forecasted cash flows were updated to reflect a decline in forecasted revenue coupled with an increase in development cost forecasts, which reduced projected cash flows lowering the estimated fair value of nemtabrutinib. The revised estimated fair value of nemtabrutinib when compared with its then-related carrying value resulted in a $
780
million impairment charge. The remaining IPR&D intangible asset related to nemtabrutinib is $
418
million. If the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of nemtabrutinib prove to be incorrect and the development of nemtabrutinib does not progress as anticipated thereby adversely affecting projected future cash flows, the Company may record an additional impairment charge in the future and such charge could be material. The Company also recorded an $
80
million intangible asset impairment charge in 2022 related to derazantinib resulting from the termination of the out-licensing agreement and the decision by Merck not to pursue development of derazantinib.
The IPR&D projects that remain in development are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties in drug development and it is possible that the Company will not be able to successfully develop and complete the IPR&D programs and profitably commercialize the underlying product candidates.
The Company may recognize additional non-cash impairment charges in the future related to marketed products or pipeline programs and such charges could be material.
Aggregate amortization expense primarily recorded within
Cost of sales
was $
2.4
billion in 2024, $
2.0
billion in 2023 and $
2.1
billion in 2022. The estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the next five years is as follows: 2025, $
2.4
billion; 2026, $
2.3
billion; 2027, $
2.1
billion; 2028, $
1.8
billion; 2029, $
1.5
billion.
103
Table of Content
s
9.
Loans Payable, Long-Term Debt and Leases
Loans Payable
Loans payable at December 31, 2024 included $
2.5
billion of notes due in 2025 and $
149
million of long-dated