result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition.
The Company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant judgment is required for determining the Company’s tax liabilities, and the Company’s tax returns are routinely examined by various tax authorities. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is currently conducting examinations of the Company’s tax returns for the years 2017 and 2018, including the one-time transition tax enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA). If the IRS disagrees with the Company’s transition tax position, it may result in a significant tax liability. The IRS is also currently conducting examinations of the Company’s tax returns for the years 2021 and 2022. In addition, various state and foreign tax examinations are in progress.
In connection with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries.
The Company believes that its accrual for tax contingencies is adequate for all open years based on past experience, interpretations of tax law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities; however, due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matters may result in payments greater or less than amounts accrued. In addition, the Company may be negatively affected by changes in tax laws, or new tax laws, affecting, for example, tax rates, and/or revised tax law interpretations in domestic or foreign jurisdictions,
including, among others, any potential changes to the existing U.S. tax law by the Executive Branch and Congress, as well as any changes in tax law resulting from the implementation of the OECD’s two-pillar solution to reform the international tax landscape
.
The Company has taken the position, based on the opinions of tax counsel, that its distribution of Organon & Co. (Organon) common stock in connection with the 2021 spin-off (Spin-Off) qualifies as a transaction that is tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If any facts, assumptions, representations, and undertakings from the Company and Organon regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, the Spin-Off may not qualify for tax-free treatment, which could result in significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities for the Company and its shareholders.
Adverse outcomes in current or future legal matters could negatively affect Merck’s business.
Current or future litigation, claims, proceedings and government investigations could preclude or delay the commercialization of Merck’s products or could adversely affect Merck’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and