operations are available from more than one source. However, the Company obtains certain raw or intermediate materials primarily from only one source. The Company attempts, if possible, to mitigate the potential risk associated with raw materials, components and supplies through inventory and appropriate supplier management.
Patents, Trademarks and Licenses
Patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of material importance to the Company’s marketing of its products in the U.S. and in most major foreign markets. Patents may not only cover a product
per se
, but also pharmaceutical formulations of a product, processes for making a product, including intermediates useful in those processes, and methods of treatment or other uses of a product. Patent protection for individual products extends for varying periods in accordance with the legal life of patents in individual countries. The protection afforded, which may also vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent and its scope of coverage.
Patent portfolios developed for products introduced by the Company normally provide varying degrees of market exclusivity. Key patents, which generally cover the product
per se
, may be subject to a patent term restoration (also known as patent term extension or PTE) of up to five years in the U.S., Japan, and certain other jurisdictions. In Europe, up to five years of extended term may be available in the form of a Supplementary Protection Certificate (SPC). PTEs and SPCs are awarded to offset a portion of the patent term lost during the clinical testing and regulatory review process of a product prior to approval. The Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act includes a Pediatric Exclusivity Provision that may provide an additional six months of market exclusivity (added to the patent term for all Orange Book-listed patents, and to the regulatory data exclusivity term for small molecule and biologic products) in the U.S. for indications of new or currently marketed drugs if certain agreed upon pediatric studies are completed by the applicant. The EU also provides an additional six months of pediatric market exclusivity attached to a product’s SPC term for both small molecule and biologic products. Japan attaches the additional term for pediatric studies to market exclusivity and this extension is unrelated to patent term. In some countries, one or more regulatory exclusivities, including data exclusivity, may provide parallel market protection that is complementary to patent protection and, in some cases, may provide more effective or longer lasting marketing exclusivity than a product’s patent portfolio. In the U.S., the regulatory data/marketing protection term generally runs five years from first marketing approval of a new chemical entity, extended to seven years for an orphan drug indication, and twelve years from first marketing approval of a biological product.
12
Table of Content
s
The table below provides a list of