across sites. In 2022, the Company also created the Waste Diversion Playbook, which takes a similar approach to guide sites on developing a roadmap to their and the Company’s shared 2025 goals on waste diversion, including local waste-diversion strategies and environmentally responsible procurement practices. In 2024, the Company expanded this list with the addition of a Water Conservation Playbook. This approach guides projects consistently across the Company’s global network of sites and enables continuous improvement toward meetings its goals.
24
Table of Content
s
•
Realizing the benefits of green and sustainable science
. The Company believes that meeting its environmental sustainability goals is intrinsically linked to the creation of innovative, cost-efficient manufacturing processes with low environmental impact. The Company aims to develop efficient and sustainable processes at product launch, with the goal of minimizing material use and waste from its commercial manufacturing. The Company utilizes an innovative “green-by-design” development strategy with a goal to progress from an initial early clinical supply route to a fully optimized and sustainable commercial manufacturing process. In 2024, for the fifth year in a row, the Company received the Peter J. Dunn Award for Green Chemistry and Engineering Impact, an award given by the American Chemical Society in recognition of outstanding implementation of novel green chemistry in the pharmaceutical industry.
•
Waste diversion
. The Company continuously evaluates its sites’ waste disposal methods to gain a better understanding of its network and changes therein, as well as to identify risks and opportunities in its value chain. Based on its evaluation, the Company implemented programs to divert non-hazardous landfill waste from its two highest landfill-generating sites. The Company remains committed to its 2025 public waste diversion goals of no more than 20% of the Company’s global operational waste sent to landfills or incinerators (without energy recovery) and that 50% of its sites will send zero waste to landfills by 2025.
•
Water as a shared resource.
As water is a key input to the Company’s manufacturing operations, the Company assesses water risk throughout its network as a standard business practice. Both of the Company’s priority water-stress risk sites have conservation plans in place, and site staff are actively working on water use reduction and recycling improvement projects. These projects are consistent with the Company’s ongoing commitment to achieving its stated goal of maintaining global water use at or below 2015 levels by 2025. The Company’s sites are employing various technologies and techniques aimed at reducing its water footprint and improving operational performance. The Company’s endorsement of the United Nations CEO Water Mandate enables alignment of the Company’s water program with the mandate’s principles. The Company has continued to identify partnerships to