necessary regulatory approvals, including delays in the approval of new products and new indications, or the anticipated labeling, and uncertainties about the time required to obtain regulatory approvals and the benefit/risk standards applied by regulatory agencies in determining whether to grant approvals;
•
failure in certain markets to obtain reimbursement commensurate with the level of innovation and clinical benefit presented by the product;
•
lack of economic feasibility due to manufacturing costs or other factors; and
•
preclusion from commercialization by the proprietary rights of others.
In the future, if certain pipeline programs are cancelled or if the Company believes that their commercial prospects have been reduced, the Company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges for those programs that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions or certain collaborations.
Failure to successfully develop and market new products in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects.
The Company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products.
The Company faces continued pricing pressure globally and, particularly in mature markets, from managed care organizations, government agencies and programs that could negatively affect the Company’s sales and profit margins. In the U.S., these include (i) U.S. federal laws and regulations related to Medicare and Medicaid, including the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, the ACA, and the IRA, (ii) practices of managed care groups and institutional and governmental purchasers, and (iii) state activities aimed at increasing price transparency, including new laws as noted above in Item 1. “Competition and the Health Care Environment.” Changes to the health care system enacted as part of health care reform in the U.S., as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, could result in further pricing pressures. As noted in Item 1. “Competition and the Health Care Environment,” in 2023, HHS selected
Januvia
for the first year of the IRA’s price setting program, which will result in a government set price becoming effective on January 1, 2026. Government price setting may also impact pricing in the private market, negatively affecting the Company’s performance. In January 2025, HHS announced that
Janumet
and
Janumet XR
have been selected for government price setting, which will become effective on January 1, 2027. Furthermore, the Company expects that in 2026 HHS will include
Keytruda
in a subsequent selection of products to undergo IRA price setting, with such price to become effective on January 1, 2028 and the Company expects that, as a result, U.S. sales of
Keytruda
will decline after that time. In addition, in the U.S., larger