prospects. Such legal matters may include, but are not limited to: (i) intellectual property disputes; (ii) adverse decisions in litigation, including product safety and liability matters, such as the litigation involving
Gardasil
, consumer protection and commercial cases; (iii) anti-bribery regulations, such as the FCPA, including compliance with ongoing reporting obligations to the government resulting from any settlements; (iv) recalls or withdrawals of pharmaceutical products or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (v) product pricing and promotional matters; (vi) lawsuits, claims and administrative proceedings asserting, or investigations into, violations of securities, antitrust, federal and state pricing, consumer protection, data privacy and other laws and regulations; (vii) environmental, health, safety and sustainability matters, including regulatory actions in response to climate change; and (viii) tax liabilities resulting from assessments from tax authorities.
See Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” Note 10, “Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities” for more information on the Company’s legal matters.
Product liability insurance for products may be limited, cost prohibitive or unavailable.
As a result of a number of factors, product liability insurance has become less available while the cost of such insurance has increased significantly. The Company is subject to a substantial number of product liability claims. See Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” Note 10. “Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities” below for more information on the Company’s current product liability litigation. With respect to product liability, the Company self-insures substantially all of its risk, as the availability of commercial insurance has become more restrictive. The Company has evaluated its risks and has determined that the cost of obtaining product liability insurance outweighs the likely benefits of the coverage that is available and, as such, has no insurance for most product liabilities. The Company will continually assess the most efficient means to address its risk; however, there can be no guarantee that insurance coverage will be obtained or, if obtained, will be sufficient to fully cover product liabilities that may arise.
38
Table of Content
s
Risks Related to Technology
The Company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure, including the use of cloud-based applications and environments. The Company continues to be a target of cyber-attacks that could lead to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research and sales operations.
The Company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, complex information technology systems, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers (collectively, IT systems) to conduct critical operations and financial reporting. Certain of these systems are