other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. Changes in fair value are included in
Other (income) expense, net
. Unrealized gains and losses from investments that are directly owned are determined at the end of the reporting period. Gains and losses from ownership interests in investment funds, which are accounted for as equity method investments, are reported on a one quarter lag. Investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values are recorded at cost, plus or minus subsequent observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments, minus impairments. Such adjustments are recognized in
Other (income) expense, net
. Realized gains and losses for equity securities are included in
Other (income) expense, net
.
Revenue Recognition —
Recognition of revenue requires evidence of a contract, probable collection of sales proceeds and completion of substantially all performance obligations. Merck acts as the principal in substantially all of its customer arrangements and therefore records revenue on a gross basis. The majority of the Company’s contracts related to the Pharmaceutical and Animal Health segments have a single performance obligation - the promise to transfer goods. Shipping is considered immaterial in the context of the overall customer arrangement and damages or loss of goods in transit are rare. Therefore, shipping is not deemed a separately recognized performance obligation.
The vast majority of revenues from sales of products are recognized at a point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, which the Company has determined is when title and risks and rewards of ownership transfer to the customer and the Company is entitled to payment. The Company recognizes revenue from the sales of vaccines to the U.S. federal government for placement into vaccine stockpiles in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Interpretation,
Commission Guidance Regarding Accounting for Sales of Vaccines and BioTerror Countermeasures to the Federal Government for Placement into the Pediatric Vaccine Stockpile or the Strategic National Stockpile
. This interpretation allows companies to recognize revenue for sales of vaccines into U.S. government stockpiles even though these sales might not meet the criteria for revenue recognition under other accounting guidance. For certain services in the Animal Health segment, revenue is recognized over time, generally ratably over the contract term as services are provided. These service revenues are not material.
The nature of the Company’s business gives rise to several types of variable consideration including discounts and returns, which are estimated at the time of sale generally using the expected value method, although the most likely amount method is used for prompt pay discounts.
80
Table of Content
s
In the U.S., sales discounts are issued to customers at the point-of-sale, through an