covenants.
Operating lease cost was $
348
million in 2024, $
339
million in 2023 and $
334
million in 2022. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was $
357
million in 2024, $
347
million in 2023 and $
335
million in 2022. Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations were $
47
million in 2024, $
122
million in 2023 and $
57
million in 2022.
105
Table of Content
s
Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating leases is as follows:
(1)
Includes prepaid leases that have no related lease liability.
Maturities of operating leases liabilities are as follows:
At December 31, 2024, the Company had entered into additional real estate operating leases that had not yet commenced; the obligations associated with these leases total $
183
million.
10.
Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities
The Company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, commercial litigation, and securities litigation, as well as certain additional matters including governmental and environmental matters. In the opinion of the Company, it is unlikely that the resolution of these matters will be material to the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Given the nature of the litigation discussed below and the complexities involved in these matters, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate a possible loss or range of possible loss for such matters until the Company knows, among other factors, (i) what claims, if any, will survive dispositive motion practice, (ii) the extent of the claims, including the size of any potential class, particularly when damages are not specified or are indeterminate, (iii) how the discovery process will affect the litigation, (iv) the settlement posture of the other parties to the litigation and (v) any other factors that may have a material effect on the litigation.
The Company records accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These accruals are adjusted periodically as assessments change or additional information becomes available. Generally, for product liability claims, a portion of the overall accrual is actuarially determined and considers such factors as past experience, number of claims reported and estimates of claims incurred but not yet reported. Individually significant contingent losses are accrued when probable and reasonably estimable. Legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency are accrued when probable and reasonably estimable.
The Company’s decision to obtain insurance coverage is dependent on market conditions, including cost and availability, existing at the time such decisions are made. The Company has evaluated its risks and has determined that the cost of obtaining product liability insurance