customers have received higher rebates on drugs in certain highly competitive categories. The Company must also compete to be placed on formularies of managed care organizations. Exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to reduced usage in the managed care organization. The Company is also facing pricing pressure from purchasers of certain vaccines in highly competitive categories.
Outside the U.S., numerous major markets, including the EU, Japan and China have pervasive government involvement in funding health care and, in that regard, fix the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and vaccine products. Consequently, in those markets, the Company is subject to government decision making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. In Japan, the pharmaceutical industry is subject to government-mandated annual price reductions of pharmaceutical products and certain vaccines. Furthermore, the Japanese government can order re-pricing for specific products if it determines that use of such product will exceed certain thresholds defined under applicable re-pricing rules.
The Company expects pricing pressures to continue in the future.
Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions, together with cost-reduction measures being taken by certain governments, could negatively affect the Company’s operating results.
The Company’s business may be adversely affected by local and global economic conditions, including with respect to inflation, interest rates, and costs of raw materials and packaging. Uncertainty in global economic and geopolitical conditions may result in a slowdown to the global economy that could affect the Company’s business by reducing the prices that drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers may be able or willing to pay for the Company’s products or by reducing the demand for the Company’s products, which could in turn negatively impact the Company’s sales and result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
30
Table of Content
s
As discussed above in Item 1. “Competition and the Health Care Environment,” global efforts toward health care cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing and market access worldwide. Changes to the U.S. health care system as part of health care reform, as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, have contributed to pricing pressure. In several international markets, government-mandated pricing actions have reduced prices of generic and patented drugs. In addition, the Company’s sales performance in 2024 was negatively affected by other cost-reduction measures taken by governments and other third parties to lower health care costs, including in the U.S., the expansion of the Federal 340B Drug Discount Program. The Company anticipates all of these