for Verquvo) as supported by projected future cash flows, subject to impairment testing.
90
Table of Content
s
Summarized financial information related to this collaboration is as follows:
(1)
Includes amortization of intangible assets, cost of products sold by Merck, as well as Bayer’s share of profits from sales in Merck’s marketing territories.
Ridgeback Biotherapeutics LP
In 2020, Merck and Ridgeback Biotherapeutics LP (Ridgeback), a closely held biotechnology company, entered into a collaboration agreement to develop
Lagevrio
(molnupiravir), an investigational orally available antiviral candidate for the treatment of patients with COVID-19. Merck gained exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize
Lagevrio
and related molecules. Following initial authorizations in certain markets in 2021,
Lagevrio
has since received multiple additional authorizations.
Under the terms of the agreement, Ridgeback received an upfront payment and is eligible to receive future contingent payments dependent upon the achievement of certain developmental and regulatory approval milestones. The agreement also provides for Merck to reimburse Ridgeback for a portion of certain third-party contingent milestone payments and royalties on net sales, which is part of the profit-sharing calculation. Merck is the principal on sales transactions, recognizing sales and related costs, with profit-sharing amounts recorded within
Cost of sales
. Profits from the collaboration are split equally between the partners. Reimbursements from Ridgeback for its share of research and development costs (deducted from Ridgeback’s share of profits) are reflected as decreases to
Research and development
expenses.
Summarized financial information related to this collaboration is as follows:
(1)
Includes cost of products sold by Merck, Ridgeback’s share of profits, royalty expense, amortization of capitalized milestone payments and inventory reserves.
(2)
Includes accrued royalties.
Daiichi Sankyo
In October 2023, Merck and Daiichi Sankyo entered into a global development and commercialization agreement for
three
of Daiichi Sankyo’s DXd ADC candidates: patritumab deruxtecan (HER3-DXd) (MK-1022), ifinatamab deruxtecan (I-DXd) (MK-2400) and raludotatug deruxtecan (R-DXd) (MK-5909). All
three
potentially first-in-class DXd ADCs are in various stages of clinical development for the treatment of multiple solid tumors both as monotherapy and/or in combination with other treatments. The companies will jointly develop and potentially commercialize these ADC candidates worldwide, except in Japan where Daiichi Sankyo will maintain exclusive rights. Daiichi Sankyo will be solely responsible for manufacturing and supply.
91
Table of Content
s
Under the terms of the agreement, Merck made payments to Daiichi Sankyo totaling $
4.0
billion in 2023. These payments included $
1.0
billion ($
500
million each for patritumab deruxtecan and ifinatamab deruxtecan) which may be refundable on a pro-rated basis