Company records unrealized gains on these equity investments based on favorable observable price changes from transactions involving similar investments of the same investee and records unrealized losses based on unfavorable observable price changes, which are included in
Other (income) expense, net
. During 2024, the Company recorded unrealized gains of $
19
million and unrealized losses of $
51
million related to certain of these equity investments still held at December 31, 2024. During 2023, the Company recorded unrealized gains of $
10
million and unrealized losses of $
61
million related to certain of these equity investments still held at December 31, 2023. Cumulative unrealized gains and cumulative unrealized losses based on observable price changes for investments in equity investments without readily determinable fair values still held at December 31, 2024 were $
309
million and $
107
million, respectively.
At December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company also had $
267
million, $
417
million and $
598
million, respectively, recorded in
Other Assets
for equity securities held through ownership interests in investment funds. Losses recorded in
Other (income) expense, net
relating to these investment funds were $
29
million, $
106
million and $
1.0
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company uses a fair value hierarchy which maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. There are three levels of inputs used to measure fair value with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest:
Level 1
— Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2
— Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
Level 3
— Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Level 3 assets or liabilities are those whose values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques with significant unobservable inputs, as well as assets or liabilities for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation.
If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.
99
Table of Content
s
Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value