product manufacturing; (ii) delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for the Company’s products; and (iii) other manufacturing or distribution problems including supply chain delays, shortages in raw materials, changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, or physical limitations that could impact continuous supply. In addition, the Company could experience difficulties or delays in manufacturing its products caused by natural disasters, such as hurricanes. Manufacturing difficulties can result in product shortages, leading to lost sales and reputational harm to the Company.
The Company’s business in China has grown in the past few years, and the importance of China to the Company’s overall pharmaceutical and vaccines business has increased accordingly. In 2024, the Company experienced lower sales of
Gardasil/Gardasil 9
in China and expects that sales of
Gardasil/Gardasil 9
in China will decline significantly in 2025.
The Company’s business in China has grown in the past few years, and the importance of China to the Company’s overall pharmaceutical and vaccines business has increased accordingly. Beginning in mid-2024, the Company observed a significant decline in shipments from its distributor and commercialization partner in China, Chongqing Zhifei Biological Products Co., Ltd. (Zhifei), to disease and control prevention institutions and correspondingly into the points of vaccination, resulting in above normal inventory levels at Zhifei. Accordingly, the Company shipped less than its contracted doses to Zhifei in the latter part of 2024. Lower demand in China persisted and, at the end of 2024, overall channel inventory levels in China remained elevated at above normal levels. Therefore, the Company made a decision to temporarily pause shipments to China beginning in February 2025 through at least the middle of the year and as a result, combined sales of G
ardasil/Gardasil 9
will decline significantly in 2025 compared with 2024.
Furthermore, the government's anti-corruption campaign, particularly the increased number of inspections and audits, could substantially increase the administrative burden on health care institutions and health care professionals throughout the whole industry in China and potentially have a negative impact on the Company's sales.
In addition to its commercial operations, the Company has significant research and manufacturing operations in China, including working with Chinese entities such as Wuxi Apptech Co., Ltd. If geopolitical tensions were to increase and disrupt the Company’s operations in China, such disruption could result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s product development, sales, business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
Also, continued growth of the