given MK-number designations and vaccine candidates are given V-number designations. Except as otherwise noted, candidates in Phase 1, additional indications in the same therapeutic area (other than with respect to cancer and immunology) and additional claims, line extensions or formulations for in-line products are not shown.
21
Table of Content
s
Human Capital
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had approximately 75,000 employees worldwide, with approximately 31,000 employed in the U.S., including Puerto Rico, and approximately 15,000 third-party contractors globally. Third-party contractors include the Company’s temporary workers, independent contractors, and freelancers who are viewed as full-time equivalent employees; they exclude outsourced service providers. Approximately 73,000 of the Company’s employees are full-time employees. Globally, women comprise 52% of employees, and in the U.S. individuals from underrepresented ethnic groups comprise 37% of its workforce (the Company defines workforce as its employees). Women comprise 46% of the members of the Board of Directors. Additionally, the Company’s senior management team is made up of 39% women. Approximately 21% of the Company’s employees are represented by various collective bargaining groups. The Company’s voluntary turnover rate was approximately 4.6% and 5.6%, in 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Company recognizes that its employees are critical to meet the needs of its patients and customers and that its ability to excel depends on the integrity, skill, and collaboration of its employees.
Talent Acquisition
The Company uses a comprehensive approach to ensure recruiting, retention and leadership development goals are systematically executed throughout the Company and that it hires talented leaders with a wide
22
Table of Content
s
range of knowledge, skills, backgrounds and perspectives. In addition, the Company utilizes a comprehensive communications strategy, employee branding and marketing outreach, social media and strategic alliance partnerships to reach a broad pool of talent in its critical business areas. In 2024, the Company hired approximately 7,300 employees across the globe through various channels including the Company’s external career site, direct passive candidate sourcing, employee referrals, universities and other external sources.
Enabling a Collaborative Work Environment
Fostering a collaborative environment is fundamental to the Company’s success and core to future innovation. The Company strives to create an environment of acceptance, engagement and empowerment. The Company seeks to hire and develop the best talent by providing equal opportunity to all people. The Company creates competitive advantages by leveraging practices which help to meet the needs of all our patients worldwide. This includes evaluating social determinants of health when developing commercialization strategies and leveraging employee insights to improve performance.
Compensation and