rebate accruals. These procedures also included, among others (i) developing an independent estimate of the rebate accruals by utilizing third party data on historical customer segment utilization mix in the U.S., pricing information, the terms of the specific rebate programs, and the historical trend of actual rebate claims paid, (ii) comparing the independent estimate to the rebate accruals recorded by management, and (iii) testing rebate claims paid, including evaluating those claims for consistency with the contractual terms of the Company’s rebate agreements.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Florham Park, New Jersey
February 25, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002.
132
Table of Content
s
Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not applicable.
Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures.
Management of the Company, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on their evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act)) are effective. For the fourth quarter of 2024, there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Act. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework
issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has performed its own assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting and its attestation report is included in this Form 10-K filing.
Management’s Report
Management’s Responsibility for Financial Statements
Responsibility for the integrity and objectivity of the Company’s financial statements rests with management. The financial statements report on management’s stewardship of Company assets. These statements are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and, accordingly, include amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgments. Nonfinancial information included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K has also been prepared by management