respectively, as well as revenue from third-party manufacturing arrangements (including sales to Organon). Other for 2024, 2023 and 2022 also includes $
106
million, $
118
million and $
165
million, respectively, related to upfront and milestone payments received by Merck for out-licensing arrangements.
128
Table of Content
s
Consolidated sales by geographic area where derived are as follows:
A reconciliation of segment profits to
Income Before Taxes
is as follows:
(1)
The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment level information that is regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker.
(2)
Human health-related research and development expenses incurred by Merck Research Laboratories are not allocated to segment profits as noted below.
(3)
Includes equity (income) loss from affiliates and other miscellaneous non-operating expenses.
Pharmaceutical segment profits are comprised of segment sales less standard costs, as well as selling, general and administrative expenses directly incurred by the segment. Animal Health segment profits are comprised of segment sales, less all cost of sales, as well as selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development costs directly incurred by the segment. The chief operating decision maker (Merck’s Chief Executive Officer) uses segment profit to allocate resources predominately during the planning and forecasting process. For internal management reporting presented to the chief operating decision maker, Merck does not allocate the remaining cost of sales not included in segment profits as described above, research and development expenses incurred by Merck Research Laboratories, the Company’s research and development division that focuses on human health-related activities, or general and administrative expenses not directly incurred by the segments, nor the cost of financing these activities. Separate divisions maintain responsibility for monitoring and managing these costs, including depreciation related to fixed assets utilized by these divisions and, therefore, they are not included in segment profits. In addition, costs related to restructuring activities, as well as the amortization of intangible assets and amortization of purchase accounting adjustments are not allocated to segments.
129
Table of Content
s
Other profits are primarily comprised of miscellaneous corporate profits, as well as operating profits (losses) related to third-party manufacturing arrangements.
Other unallocated, net, includes expenses from corporate and manufacturing cost centers, intangible asset impairment charges, gains or losses on sales of businesses, expense or income related to changes in the estimated fair value measurement of liabilities for contingent consideration, and other miscellaneous income or expense items.
Equity income from affiliates and depreciation included in segment profits is as follows:
Property, plant and equipment, net, by geographic area where located