fair value hierarchy. The NAV amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The Company has established investment guidelines for its U.S. pension and other postretirement plans to create an asset allocation that is expected to deliver a rate of return sufficient to meet the long-term obligation of each plan, given an acceptable level of risk. The target investment portfolio of the Company’s U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit plans is allocated
25
% to
40
% in U.S. equities,
15
% to
30
% in international equities,
40
% to
50
% in fixed-income investments, and up to
8
% in cash and other investments. The portfolio’s equity weighting is consistent with the long-term nature of the plans’ benefit obligations. The expected annual standard deviation of returns of the target portfolio, which approximates
12
%, reflects both the equity allocation and the diversification benefits among the asset classes in which the portfolio invests. For international pension plans, the targeted investment portfolio varies based on the duration of pension liabilities and local government rules and regulations.
119
Table of Content
s
Although a significant percentage of plan assets are invested in U.S. equities, concentration risk is mitigated through the use of strategies that are diversified within management guidelines.
Expected Contributions
Contributions during 2025 are expected to be approximately $
270
million for U.S. pension plans, approximately $
180
million for international pension plans and approximately $
70
million for other postretirement benefit plans.
Expected Benefit Payments
Expected benefit payments are as follows:
Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service.
Amounts Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Net gain/loss amounts reflect differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets as well as the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions. Net gain/loss amounts in excess of certain thresholds are amortized into net periodic benefit cost over the average remaining service life of employees.
The following amounts were reflected as components of
OCI
:
120
Table of Content
s
Actuarial Assumptions
The Company reassesses its benefit plan assumptions on a regular basis. The weighted average assumptions used in determining U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit plan and international pension plan information are as follows:
For both the pension and other postretirement benefit plans, the discount rate is evaluated on measurement dates and modified to reflect the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed-income debt instruments that would provide the future cash flows needed to pay the benefits included in the benefit obligation as they come due. The expected rate of return for both the