are unallocated expenses.
Additional costs associated with the Company’s restructuring activities are included in
Cost of sales
,
Selling, general and administrative
expenses and
Research and development
costs. The Company recorded aggregate pretax costs of $105 million and $246 million in the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively, related to restructuring program activities. See Note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details.
Other (Income) Expense, Net
Other (income) expense, net
was $35 million of income in the first quarter of 2025, comparable with $33 million of income in the first quarter of 2024.
For details on the components of
Other (income) expense, net
see Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
Pharmaceutical segment profits are comprised of segment sales less standard costs, as well as SG&A expenses directly incurred by the segment. Animal Health segment profits are comprised of segment sales, less all cost of sales, as well as SG&A and R&D expenses directly incurred by the segment. For internal management reporting presented to the chief operating decision maker, Merck does not allocate the remaining cost of sales not included in segment profits as described above, R&D expenses incurred by MRL, or general and administrative expenses not directly incurred by the segments, nor the cost of financing these activities. Separate divisions maintain responsibility for monitoring and managing these costs, including depreciation related to fixed assets utilized by these divisions and, therefore, they are not included in segment profits. Also excluded from the determination of segment profits are costs related to restructuring activities and acquisition- and divestiture-related costs, including the amortization of intangible assets and amortization of purchase accounting adjustments, intangible asset impairment charges, and expense or income related to changes in the estimated fair value measurement of liabilities for contingent consideration. Additionally, segment profits do not reflect other expenses from corporate and manufacturing cost centers and other miscellaneous income or expense. These unallocated items are reflected in “Non-segment activity” in the above table. Also included in “Non-segment activity” are miscellaneous corporate profits (losses), as well as operating profits (losses) related to third-party manufacturing arrangements.
Pharmaceutical segment profits declined 2% in the first quarter of 2025 primarily due to lower sales, higher promotional costs and the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange, partially offset by lower administrative and selling costs. Animal Health segment profits rose 14% in the first quarter of 2025 primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange.
Taxes on Income
The effective income tax rate of 13.9% for the first quarter of 2025 reflects the favorable impacts of geographical mix of income and