help it advance its water stewardship priorities in the areas in which it operates.
The Company continues to review and explore other opportunities to further its environmental strategy and will evaluate potential impacts and commitments.
Management does not believe that expenditures related to these initiatives should have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources for any year.
Environmental Regulation and Remediation
The Company believes that there are no compliance issues associated with applicable environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is also remediating environmental contamination resulting from past industrial activity at certain of its sites. Expenditures for remediation and environmental liabilities were $4 million in 2024 and are estimated to be $26 million in the aggregate for the years 2025 through 2029. These amounts do not consider potential recoveries from other parties. The Company has taken an active role in identifying and accruing for these costs and, in management’s opinion, the liabilities for all environmental matters that are probable and reasonably estimable have been accrued and totaled $41 million and $42 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these matters, or the ultimate costs of remediation, management does not believe that any reasonably possible expenditures that may be incurred in excess of the liabilities accrued should exceed approximately $46 million in the aggregate. Management also does not believe that these expenditures should result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or liquidity for any year.
Geographic Area Information
The Company’s operations outside the U.S. are conducted primarily through subsidiaries. Sales worldwide by subsidiaries outside the U.S. as a percentage of total Company sales was 50% in 2024, 53% in 2023 and 54% in 2022.
The Company’s worldwide business is subject to risks of currency fluctuations, governmental actions and other governmental proceedings abroad. The Company does not regard these risks as a deterrent to further expansion of its operations abroad. However, the Company closely reviews its methods of operations and adopts strategies responsive to changing economic and political conditions.
25
Table of Content
s
Merck has operations in countries located in Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific. Business in these developing areas, while sometimes less stable, offers important opportunities for growth over time.
Available Information
The Company’s Internet website address is
merck.com
.
The Company will make available, free of charge at the “Investors” portion of its website, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and