by their use of words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “plans,” “will,” “estimates,” “forecasts,” “projects” and other words of similar meaning, or negative variations of any of the foregoing. One can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements are likely to address the Company’s growth strategy, financial results, product approvals, product potential, development programs, environmental or other sustainability initiatives. One must carefully consider any
73
Table of Content
s
such statement and should understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s forward-looking statements. These factors include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are not. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially.
The Company does not assume the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. One should carefully evaluate such statements in light of factors, including risk factors, described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, especially on this Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q and 8-K. In Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this annual report on Form 10-K the Company discusses in more detail various important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. The Company notes these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. One should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the reader should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties.
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the discussion under “Financial Instruments Market Risk Disclosures” in Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
74
Table of Content
s
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
(a)
Financial Statements
The consolidated balance sheet of Merck & Co., Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income (loss), of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, the notes to consolidated financial statements, and the report dated February 25, 2025 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, are as follows:
Consolidated Statement of Income
Merck & Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries
Years Ended December 31
($ in millions except per share amounts)
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Merck & Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries
Years Ended December 31
($ in millions)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial