additional patents covering olaparib.
In December 2023, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP received a second Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying AstraZeneca that Sandoz Inc. has filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of Lynparza (olaparib) tablet. In February 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Sandoz. This lawsuit, which asserts
one
or more patents covering olaparib, automatically stays FDA approval of the generic application until June 2026 or until an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. In 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed additional patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Sandoz asserting additional patents covering olaparib.
In May 2024, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP received a third Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying AstraZeneca that Cipla USA, Inc. and Cipla Limited (collectively, Cipla) filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of Lynparza (olaparib) tablet. In June 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Cipla. This lawsuit, which asserts one or more patents covering olaparib, automatically stays FDA approval of the generic application until November 2026 or until an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. In 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed additional patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Cipla asserting additional patents covering olaparib.
In November 2024, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP received another Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying AstraZeneca that Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of Lynparza (olaparib) tablet. In November 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Zydus. This lawsuit, which asserts one or more patents covering olaparib, automatically stays FDA approval of the generic application until May 2027 or until an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. In 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed an additional patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Zydus asserting an additional patent covering olaparib.
Other Litigation
There are various other pending legal proceedings involving the Company, principally product liability and intellectual property lawsuits. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of such proceedings, in the opinion of the Company, either the likelihood of loss is remote or any