an additional interest rate swap contract with a notional amount of $
250
million related to its
5.00
% notes due 2053. The cash flows from these contracts are reported as operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
96
Table of Content
s
The table below presents the location of amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges as of December 31:
Presented in the table below is the fair value of derivatives on a gross basis segregated between those derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments and those that are not designated as hedging instruments as of December 31:
As noted above, the Company records its derivatives on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has master netting agreements with several of its financial institution counterparties (see
Concentrations of Credit Risk
below).
The following table provides information on the Company’s derivative positions subject to these master netting arrangements as if they were presented on a net basis, allowing for the right of offset by counterparty and cash collateral exchanged per the master agreements and related credit support annexes as of December 31:
97
Table of Content
s
The table below provides information regarding the location and amount of pretax gains and losses of derivatives designated in fair value or cash flow hedging relationships:
(1)
Interest expense is a component of
Other (income) expense, net.
The table below provides information regarding the income statement effects of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
(1)
These derivative contracts primarily mitigate changes in the value of remeasured foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
(2)
These derivative contracts serve as economic hedges of forecasted transactions.
At December 31, 2024, the Company estimates $
262
million of pretax net unrealized gains on derivatives maturing within the next 12 months that hedge foreign currency denominated sales over that same period will be reclassified from
AOCL
to
Sales
. The amount ultimately reclassified to
Sales
may differ as foreign exchange rates change. Realized gains and losses are ultimately determined by actual foreign exchange rates at maturity.
98
Table of Content
s
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities
Information on investments in debt and equity securities at December 31 is as follows:
(1)
Unrealized net losses of $
30
million were recorded in
Other (income) expense, net
in 2024 on equity securities still held at December 31, 2024. Unrealized net gains of $
411
million were recorded in
Other (income) expense, net
in 2023 on equity securities still held at December 31, 2023.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company also had $
863
million and $
832
million, respectively, of equity investments without readily determinable fair values included in
Other Assets
. The