collaborate on security enhancements, and evaluate and improve the effectiveness of its information security program. As part of this program, the Company conducts periodic tabletop and red-teaming exercises to assess its cybersecurity incident response processes and defenses.
The Company also maintains vendor management diligence and oversight processes to identify and monitor potential risks from cybersecurity threats attendant to its use of third-party service providers.
Additionally, the Company monitors cybersecurity threat intelligence received from key third-party service providers associated with the Company.
In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the Company has a process in place whereby members of the information security group will alert the CISO and the CISO will alert the appropriate levels of management, including an incident assessment team, as well as the legal and finance departments so that the materiality of any such event can be assessed in furtherance of fulfilling any reporting requirements. If warranted, senior management will notify the Audit Committee or the full Board, as appropriate.
The Company has been and continues to be the target of cyber-attacks and network disruptions.
To date, the risks posed by such cybersecurity threats have not materially affected the Company and its business strategy, results of operations and financial condition, and as of the date of this report, the Company is not aware of any material risks from cybersecurity threats that are reasonably likely to do so, but there can be no assurance that the Company will not be materially affected by such risks in the future.
For further information, see Item 1A. “Risk Factors — The Company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure. The Company continues to be a target of cyber-attacks that could lead to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research and sales operations.”
Item 2.
Properties.
The Company’s corporate headquarters are located in Rahway, New Jersey. The Company also maintains divisional headquarters in Upper Gwynedd, Pennsylvania. Principal U.S. research facilities are located in Rahway, New Jersey; West Point, Pennsylvania; Boston and Cambridge, Massachusetts; South San Francisco, California; and Elkhorn, Nebraska (Animal Health). Principal research facilities outside the U.S. are located in the United Kingdom, Switzerland and China. Merck’s manufacturing operations are currently headquartered in Rahway, New Jersey. The Company also has production facilities for human health products at six locations in the U.S. and Puerto Rico.
41
Table of Content
s
Outside the U.S., through subsidiaries, the Company owns or has an interest in manufacturing plants or other properties in Western Europe, Africa and Asia.
The Company and its subsidiaries own their principal facilities and manufacturing plants under titles that they consider to be satisfactory. The Company