given application (i.e., a product designated as a Breakthrough Therapy may also be eligible for Priority Review).
Due to the COVID-19 public health crisis, in 2020, the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services (Secretary) exercised statutory authority to determine that a public health emergency existed, and declared those circumstances justified the emergency use of drugs and biological products as authorized by the FDA. In 2023, the Secretary issued an amended determination that a public health emergency or a significant potential for a public health emergency existed, and declared that circumstances continued to justify authorization of emergency use of these products. While in effect, this declaration (as amended) enables the FDA to issue Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs) permitting distribution and use of specific medical products absent NDA/BLA submission or approval, including products to treat or prevent diseases or conditions caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, subject to the terms of any such EUAs. The Company is currently marketing
Lagevrio
in the U.S. pursuant to an EUA. The FDA must make certain findings to grant an EUA, including that it is reasonable to believe based on the totality of evidence that the drug or biologic may be effective, and that known or potential benefits when used under the terms of the EUA outweigh known or potential risks. Additionally, the FDA must find that there is no adequate, approved and available alternative to the emergency use of the authorized drug or biologic. The FDA may revise or revoke an EUA if the circumstances justifying its issuance no longer exist, the criteria for its issuance are no longer met, or other circumstances make a revision or revocation appropriate to protect the public health or safety.
European Union
The primary method the Company uses to obtain marketing authorization of pharmaceutical products in the EU is through the “centralized procedure.” This procedure is compulsory for certain pharmaceutical products, in particular those using biotechnological processes, and is also available for certain new chemical compounds and products. A company seeking to market an innovative pharmaceutical product through the centralized procedure must file a complete set of safety data and efficacy data as part of a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) with the
16
Table of Content
s
European Medicines Agency (EMA). After the EMA evaluates the MAA, it provides a recommendation to the EC and the EC then approves or denies the MAA. It is also possible for new chemical products to obtain marketing authorization in the EU through a “mutual recognition procedure” in which an application is made to a single member state and, if the member state approves the pharmaceutical product under a national procedure, the applicant may submit that approval to the mutual recognition procedure of some or all other EU Member States.
Japan
In Japan, the Company submits new drug applications to the PMDA for its