in the event of early termination of development with respect to either program. In addition, the agreement provided for a continuation payment of $
750
million related to patritumab deruxtecan, which Merck paid in October 2024, and a continuation payment of $
750
million related to raludotatug deruxtecan due from Merck in October 2025. If Merck does not make the remaining continuation payment for raludotatug deruxtecan, the rights for that program will revert to Daiichi Sankyo and the non-refundable upfront payments already paid will be retained by Daiichi Sankyo. The agreement also provides for contingent payments from Merck to Daiichi Sankyo of up to an additional $
5.5
billion for each DXd ADC upon the successful achievement of certain sales-based milestones.
In conjunction with this transaction, Merck recorded an aggregate pretax charge of $
5.5
billion to
Research and development
expenses in 2023 for the $
4.0
billion of upfront payments and the $
1.5
billion of continuation payments. Merck determined it was appropriate to expense the $
1.0
billion refundable portion of the consideration in 2023 because of the significant number of clinical studies that were underway and planned in the near future, as well as certain studies in advanced stages, making it highly likely that the programs would continue to progress and incur substantial expenses, and therefore the likelihood of the programs terminating before the end of the refundable period was deemed remote. Merck also determined that it was appropriate to expense the continuation payments upon execution of the agreement because such payments do not result in the Company gaining any additional intellectual property rights. In addition, the significant number of ongoing and planned clinical studies and the short-term nature of the option period makes the likelihood of Merck not making these payments remote.
Merck and Daiichi Sankyo equally share research and development costs, except for raludotatug deruxtecan, where Merck is responsible for
75
% of the first $
2.0
billion of research and development expenses. Merck includes its share of development costs associated with the collaboration as part of
Research and development
expenses. Following regulatory approval, Daiichi Sankyo will generally record sales worldwide (Daiichi Sankyo will be the principal on sales transactions) and the companies will equally share expenses as well as profits worldwide except for Japan where Daiichi Sankyo retains exclusive rights and Merck will receive a
5
% sales-based royalty. Merck will record its share of product sales, net of cost of sales and commercialization costs, as alliance revenue.
In August 2024, Merck and Daiichi Sankyo expanded their agreement to include MK-6070, an investigational delta-like ligand 3 (DLL3) targeting T-cell engager, which Merck obtained through its acquisition of Harpoon (see Note 3). The companies are planning to evaluate MK-6070 in combination with ifinatamab deruxtecan in