power of the body’s immune system to treat patients suffering from cancer and other diseases for $765 million and also incurred $56 million of transaction costs. Harpoon’s lead candidate, MK-6070 (formerly HPN328), is a T-cell engager targeting delta-like ligand 3 (DLL3), an inhibitory
62
Table of Content
s
canonical Notch ligand that is expressed at high levels in small-cell lung cancer and neuroendocrine tumors. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The Company recorded net assets of $165 million, as well as a charge of $656 million to
Research and development
expenses, or $0.26 per share, in 2024 related to the transaction. There are no future contingent payments associated with the acquisition. In August 2024, Merck and Daiichi Sankyo expanded their existing global co-development and co-commercialization agreement to include MK-6070. Merck recognized income (recorded within
Other (income) expense, net
)
of $170 million, or $0.05 per share, due to the receipt of an upfront cash payment from Daiichi Sankyo and has also satisfied a contingent quid obligation from the original collaboration agreement.
Acquired In-Process Research and Development
In connection with business combinations, the Company records the fair value of in-process research projects which, at the time of acquisition, had not yet reached technological feasibility. At December 31, 2024, the balance of in-process research and development (IPR&D) was $430 million, primarily consisting of MK-1026 (nemtabrutinib), $418 million, which is in Phase 3 clinical development.
The IPR&D projects that remain in development are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties in drug development and it is possible that the Company will not be able to successfully develop and complete the IPR&D programs and profitably commercialize the underlying product candidates. The time periods to receive approvals from the FDA and other regulatory agencies are subject to uncertainty. Significant delays in the approval process, or the Company’s failure to obtain approval at all, would delay or prevent the Company from realizing revenues from these products. Additionally, if the IPR&D programs require additional clinical trial data than previously anticipated, or if the programs fail or are abandoned during development, then the Company will not recover the fair value of the IPR&D recorded as an asset as of the acquisition date. If such circumstances were to occur, the Company’s future operating results could be adversely affected and the Company may recognize impairment charges, which could be material.
In 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded IPR&D impairment charges within
Research and development
expenses of $779 million and $1.6 billion, respectively (see Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements).
Additional research and development will be required before any of the remaining programs reach technological feasibility. The costs to complete the research projects will depend on