officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey purportedly on behalf of all purchasers of Merck common stock between February 2022 and February 2025. Plaintiff alleges that Merck violated federal securities laws by making materially false and misleading statements and material omissions regarding demand for
Gardasil/Gardasil 9
in China. Plaintiff seeks unspecified monetary damages, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, and fees and costs.
Commercial and Other Litigation
Zetia
Antitrust Litigation
As previously disclosed, Merck, MSD, Schering Corporation, Schering-Plough Corporation, and MSP Singapore Company LLC (collectively, the Merck Defendants) were defendants in a number of lawsuits filed in 2018 on behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of Zetia (ezetimibe) alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws, as well as other state statutory and common law causes of action. The cases were consolidated in a federal multidistrict litigation (Zetia MDL) before Judge Rebecca Beach Smith in the Eastern District of Virginia. In April 2023, the Merck Defendants reached settlements with the direct purchaser and retailer plaintiffs and a settlement with the indirect purchaser class that the court approved in October 2023.
As previously disclosed, in 2020 and 2021, United Healthcare Services, Inc. (United Healthcare), Humana Inc. (Humana), Centene Corporation and others (Centene), and Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc. (Kaiser) (collectively, the Insurer Plaintiffs), each filed a lawsuit in a jurisdiction outside of the Eastern District of Virginia against the Merck Defendants and others, making similar allegations as those made in the Zetia MDL, as well as additional allegations about Vytorin. These cases were transferred to the Eastern District of Virginia to proceed with the Zetia MDL.
In December 2023, the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation remanded the four Insurer Plaintiff cases to the transferor courts in the Northern District of California (Kaiser), the District of Minnesota (United Healthcare), and the District of New Jersey (Humana and Centene). The Merck Defendants filed motions to dismiss in each of the Insurer Plaintiff cases. On December 30, 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part the motions to dismiss in the Humana and Centene cases, and on January 29, 2025, Humana and Centene filed amended complaints.
RotaTeq Antitrust Litigation
As previously disclosed, in March 2023, the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore filed a putative class action against MSD in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania on behalf of all third-party payors in
35
states that indirectly purchased, paid, and/or provided reimbursement for some or all of the purchase price of
RotaTeq
(Rotavirus Vaccine, Live Oral, Pentavalent), other than for resale, from March 3, 2019 to the present. Plaintiff alleges that MSD violated federal and state antitrust laws and state consumer protection laws. Plaintiff alleges that MSD