effective on January 1, 2028 and the Company expects that, as a result, U.S. sales of
Keytruda
will decline after that time.
In addition, in 2021, Congress passed the
American Rescue Plan Act, which included a provision that eliminates the statutory cap on rebates drug manufacturers pay to Medicaid beginning in January 2024. These rebates act as a discount off the list price and eliminating the cap means that manufacturer discounts paid to Medicaid can increase. Prior to this change, manufacturers have not been required to pay more than 100% of the Average Manufacturer Price (AMP) in rebates to state Medicaid programs for Medicaid-covered drugs. As a result of this provision, manufacturers may have to pay state Medicaid programs more in rebates than they received on sales of particular products. This change presents a risk to Merck for drugs that have high Medicaid utilization and rebate exposure that is more than 100% of the AMP. Additionally, increased utilization of the 340B Federal Drug Discount Program and restrictions on the Company’s ability to identify inappropriate discounts are having a negative impact on the Company’s performance. Also, t
he Company expects that states will continue their focus on pharmaceutical pricing and will increasingly shift to more aggressive price control tools such as Prescription Drug Affordability Boards that have the authority to conduct affordability reviews and establish upper payment limits and that Company products may be selected for such reviews.
In the U.S., members of the government have made public statements in favor of, and may take steps to implement, various regulatory changes that could negatively impact the pharmaceutical industry, including the Company. Those potential changes include some related to vaccines and vaccine development, as well as personnel and policy changes at the FDA and other government agencies and programs. For example, HHS could undergo changes that could make it more difficult for the FDA to grant regulatory approvals for drugs and vaccines and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to issue or maintain recommendations for vaccines. Additionally, if the FDA drug user fee programs were eliminated, that could cause significant delays to facility inspections and approvals of new products. It is too early for the Company to assess which, if any, of the policy changes that have been publicly referenced would be implemented, and the Company cannot predict what additional future changes in the health care industry in general, or the pharmaceutical industry in particular, will occur; however, any changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
The Company’s products, including products in development, cannot be marketed unless the Company obtains and maintains regulatory approval.
The Company’s activities, including research, preclinical testing, clinical trials and