Plaintiff seeks unspecified monetary damages, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, and fees and costs.
Commercial and Other Litigation
Zetia Antitrust Litigation
As previously disclosed, Merck, MSD, Schering Corporation, Schering-Plough Corporation, and MSP Singapore Company LLC (collectively, the Merck Defendants) were defendants in a number of lawsuits filed in 2018 on behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of Zetia (ezetimibe) alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws, as well as other state statutory and common law causes of action. The cases were consolidated in a federal multidistrict litigation (Zetia MDL) before Judge Rebecca Beach Smith in the Eastern District of Virginia. In April 2023, the Merck Defendants reached settlements with the direct purchaser and retailer plaintiffs and a settlement with the indirect purchaser class that the court approved in October 2023.
As previously disclosed, in 2020 and 2021, United HealthCare Services, Inc. (United HealthCare), Humana Inc. (Humana), Centene Corporation and others (Centene), and Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc. (Kaiser) (collectively, the Insurer Plaintiffs), each filed a lawsuit in a jurisdiction outside of the Eastern District of Virginia against the Merck Defendants and others, making similar allegations as those made in the Zetia MDL, as well as additional allegations about Vytorin. These cases were transferred to the Eastern District of Virginia to proceed with the Zetia MDL.
In December 2023, the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation remanded the
four
Insurer Plaintiff cases to the transferor courts in the Northern District of California (Kaiser), the District of Minnesota (United HealthCare), and the District of New Jersey (Humana and Centene). The Merck Defendants filed motions to dismiss in each of the Insurer Plaintiff cases.
On December 30, 2024, the district court in the District of New Jersey granted in part and denied in part the motions to dismiss in the Humana and Centene cases and, on January 29, 2025, Humana and Centene filed amended complaints. On March 5, 2025, the Merck Defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaints. On March 24, 2025, the Merck Defendants filed a third-party complaint against AmerisourceBergen Drug Corp., AmerisourceBergen Corp., and Cencora, Inc., seeking indemnification for Humana’s direct purchaser claims.
On February 25, 2025, the district court in the District of Minnesota granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss in the United HealthCare case. On March 11, 2025, the Merck Defendants filed an answer and affirmative defenses in response to United HealthCare’s complaint. On March 24, 2025, the Merck Defendants filed a third-party complaint against
- 18 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
Cardinal Health, Inc., Cardinal Health 110, LLC, and Cardinal Health 112, LLC, seeking indemnification for certain of United HealthCare’s direct and indirect