Merck’s results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP). For further discussion and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP net income and EPS, see “Non-GAAP Income and Non-GAAP EPS” below
.
Executive Summary
Merck’s performance during 2024 was driven by continued demand across its innovative portfolio, including for recently launched products, enabled by the operational and commercial execution of its science-led strategy. The Company maintained its focus on the pursuit of breakthrough science and innovation, making disciplined investments in compelling science to drive long-term value for patients, customers, and shareholders. Merck advanced its robust early- and late-phase pipeline which includes growing diversity across new therapeutic areas and modalities and completed several promising business development transactions. The Company continued to return capital to shareholders, primarily through dividends.
46
Table of Content
s
Worldwide sales were $64.2 billion in 2024, an increase of 7% compared with 2023, or 10% excluding the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange. The sales increase was primarily due to growth in oncology, cardiovascular and animal health, partially offset by declines in diabetes, virology (driven largely by lower sales of COVID-19 medication
Lagevrio
), immunology (as Merck’s marketing rights to these products ended in 2024) and vaccines.
Merck continues to execute value creating business development opportunities focused on innovation to augment its robust internal pipeline with compelling external science. Highlights of 2024 activity include the following:
•
Closed an exclusive global license to develop, manufacture and commercialize MK-2010 (LM-299), a novel investigational programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)/vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) bispecific antibody from LaNova Medicines Ltd (LaNova).
•
Closed an exclusive global license to develop, manufacture and commercialize MK-4082 (HS-10535), an investigational preclinical oral small molecule GLP-1 receptor agonist from Hansoh Pharma (Hansoh).
•
Acquired global rights to MK-1045 (formerly CN201), a novel investigational clinical-stage bispecific antibody for the treatment of B-cell associated diseases from Curon Pharmaceutical (Curon).
•
Acquired Eyebiotech Limited (EyeBio), a privately held ophthalmology-focused biotechnology company developing candidates for the prevention and treatment of vision loss.
•
Acquired Harpoon Therapeutics, Inc. (Harpoon), a clinical-stage immunotherapy company developing a novel class of T-cell engagers designed to harness the power of the body’s immune system to treat patients suffering from cancer and other diseases.
During 2024, Merck continued its efforts to address unmet medical needs by launching new products with significant patient benefit, including the U.S. launches of
Winrevair
, for the treatment of certain adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), and
Capvaxive,