approval of
Welireg
for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients (12 years and older) with advanced, unresectable, or metastatic pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma, based on the LITESPARK-015 trial. The FDA set a PDUFA date of May 26, 2025.
V116,
Capvaxive
, a 21-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine designed to help prevent invasive pneumococcal disease and pneumococcal pneumonia caused by certain serotypes in adults, is under review in Japan. The application is supported by results from the STRIDE clinical program, which evaluated V116 in both vaccine-naïve and vaccine-experienced adult patient populations.
MK-7962,
Winrevair
, Merck’s novel activin signaling inhibitor, is under review in Japan for the treatment of adult patients with PAH based on the Phase 3 STELLAR trial.
MK-1654, clesrovimab, is an investigational prophylactic long-acting monoclonal antibody designed to protect infants from respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) disease during their first RSV season. In December 2024, the FDA accepted the BLA for clesrovimab and set a PDUFA date of June 10, 2025. Clesrovimab is also under review in the EU.
- 36 -
MK-3475,
Keytruda
, is an anti-PD-1 therapy approved for the treatment of many cancers that is in clinical development for expanded indications. These studies encompass more than 30 cancer types including: biliary, estrogen receptor positive breast, triple-negative breast, cervical, colorectal, endometrial, esophageal, gastric, glioblastoma, head and neck, hepatocellular, Hodgkin lymphoma, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, non-small-cell lung, small-cell lung, melanoma, malignant pleural mesothelioma, ovarian, prostate, renal, and urothelial, several of which are currently in Phase 3 clinical development.
Keytruda
is under priority review by the FDA and also under review in Japan for the treatment of patients with resectable locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma as neoadjuvant treatment, then continued as adjuvant treatment in combination with standard of care radiotherapy with or without cisplatin and then as a single agent. The FDA set a PDUFA date of June 23, 2025. The supplemental BLA is based on data from the Phase 3 KEYNOTE-689 trial.
Keytruda
is under review in Japan for the first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable advanced or metastatic malignant pleural mesothelioma, based on the Phase 2/3 IND.227/KEYNOTE-483 trial.
The chart below reflects the Company’s research pipeline as of April 30, 2025. Candidates shown in Phase 3 include the date such candidate entered into Phase 3 development. Candidates shown in Phase 2 include the most advanced compound with a specific mechanism or, if listed compounds have the same mechanism, they are each currently intended for commercialization in a given therapeutic area. Small molecules and biologics are given MK-number designations and vaccine candidates are given V-number designations. Except as otherwise noted, candidates in Phase 1, additional indications in the same