collaboration with Daiichi Sankyo. The FDA issued a Complete Response Letter for the application in June 2024.
The Company also has the following key U.S. patent protection for drug candidates in Phase 3 development:
(1)
On partial clinical hold for higher doses of islatravir than those used in current clinical trials.
(2)
Being developed in a collaboration.
(3)
Available in the U.S. under Emergency Use Authorization.
(4)
Program is in a Phase 2/3 study.
Unless otherwise noted, the patents in the above tables cover the product
per se
(also known as compound patents). For those drug candidates under review or in development, the key U.S. patents may be subject to a future PTE of up to five years and/or six months of pediatric market exclusivity. In addition, depending on the circumstances surrounding any final regulatory approval of the product, there may be other granted patents or pending patent applications that could have relevance to the product as finally approved.
While the expiration of the compound patent generally results in loss of market exclusivity for the covered pharmaceutical product, other patents may provide additional market exclusivity associated with certain aspects of the product that extends beyond the compound patent expiration, including those derived from the initial discovery of the product’s active ingredient(s) or from product-related innovation that occurs after this initial discovery. These include later-expiring patents directed to (i) processes and intermediates related to methods of manufacture of the active ingredient(s), (ii) use(s) of the product, and (iii) novel compositions and formulations of the product. The effect of product patent expiration on pharmaceutical product sales may also depend upon many other factors such as the nature of the market and the position of the product in it, the growth of the market, the complexities and economics of the process for manufacture of the active ingredient(s) of the product and the requirements of new drug provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act or similar laws and regulations in other countries. In addition, in the U.S. and certain other countries, a variety of different regulatory exclusivities that impact market exclusivity may be available under relevant law.
For further information with respect to the Company’s patents, see Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” Note 10. “Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities” below.
14
Table of Content
s
Worldwide, all of the Company’s important products are sold under trademarks that are considered in the aggregate to be of material importance. Trademark protection continues in some countries as long as used; in other countries, as long as registered. Registration is for fixed terms and can be renewed indefinitely.
Royalty income in 2024 on patent and know-how licenses and other rights amounted to $1.1 billion. Merck also incurred royalty expenses amounting to $1.9