(external reference pricing), or compare a product’s price with those of other products in a national class (internal reference pricing). The authorities then use the price data to set new local prices for brand-name drugs, including the Company’s drugs. Reference pricing mechanisms are usually set at the national level and can be changed pursuant to local regulations or guidance.
Some EU Member States have established free-pricing systems, but regulate the pricing for drugs through profit control plans. Others seek to negotiate or set prices based on the cost-effectiveness of a product or an assessment of whether it offers a therapeutic benefit over other products in the relevant class.
The downward pressure on health care costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In some EU Member States, cross-border imports from low-priced markets also exert competitive pressure that may reduce pricing within an EU Member State.
Additionally, EU Member States have the power to restrict the range of pharmaceutical products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement. In the EU, pricing and reimbursement plans vary widely from Member State to Member State. Some EU Member States provide that drug products may be marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed. Some EU Member States may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to already available therapies or a so-called health technology assessment (HTA), in order to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. The HTA of pharmaceutical products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in most EU Member States. The HTA process, which is currently governed by the national laws of these countries, involves the assessment of the cost-effectiveness, public health impact, therapeutic impact and/or the economic and social impact of use of a given pharmaceutical product in the national health care system of the individual country in
8
Table of Content
s
which it is conducted. Ultimately, an HTA measures the added value of a new health technology compared to existing ones.
The EU Health Technology Assessment Regulation 2021/2282 (HTAR) applies in 2025. This provides for the conduct of an EU level comparative Joint Clinical Assessment (JCA) of a new product versus relevant comparators identified by the EU Member States. JCAs will be carried out in parallel with the review of a marketing authorization application, so that a JCA report is available shortly after the product is authorized. The HTAR applies to all new active substance oncology products and advanced therapy medicinal products, including cell and gene therapies, beginning January 1, 2025; to new active substance orphan medicinal products beginning January 1, 2028; and to all products approved