related to collaborations are recorded within
Research and development
expenses. Cost reimbursements to the collaborative partner or payments received from the collaborative partner to share these costs pursuant to the terms of the collaboration agreements are recorded as increases or decreases to
Research and development
expenses.
In addition, the terms of the collaboration agreements may require the Company to make payments based upon the achievement of certain developmental, regulatory approval or commercial milestones. Upfront and milestone payments payable by Merck to collaborative partners prior to regulatory approval are expensed as incurred and included in
Research and development
expenses. Payments due to collaborative partners upon or subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized to
Cost of sales
over the estimated useful life of the corresponding intangible asset, provided that future cash flows support the amounts capitalized. Sales-based milestones payable by Merck to collaborative partners are accrued and capitalized, subject to cumulative amortization catch-up, when determined by the Company to be probable of being achieved based on future sales forecasts. The amortization catch-up is calculated either from the time of the first regulatory approval for products that were unapproved at the time the collaboration was formed or, for new indications of approved products, from the time of the formation of the collaboration. The related intangible asset that is recognized is amortized to
Cost of sales
over its remaining useful life, subject to impairment testing.
Share-Based Compensation —
The Company expenses all share-based payments to employees over the requisite service period based on the grant-date fair value of the awards.
Restructuring Costs —
The Company records liabilities for costs associated with exit or disposal activities in the period in which the liability is incurred. In accordance with existing benefit arrangements, future employee termination costs to be incurred in conjunction with involuntary separations are accrued when such separations are probable and estimable. When accruing these costs, the Company will recognize the amount within a range of costs that is the best estimate within the range. When no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the Company recognizes the minimum amount within the range. Costs for one-time termination benefits in which the employee is required to render service until termination in order to receive the benefits are recognized ratably over the future service period.
Contingencies and Legal Defense Costs —
The Company records accruals for contingencies and legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated.
Taxes on Income —
Deferred taxes are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between