expense as determined utilizing the useful life prior to the restructuring actions. Restructuring costs also include other exits costs, such as asset impairment, facility shut-down and other related costs, as well as employee-related costs such as curtailment, settlement and termination charges associated with pension and other postretirement benefit plans and share-based compensation costs.
Income and Losses from Investments in Equity Securities
Non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS exclude realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments in equity securities either owned directly or through ownership interests in investment funds.
Certain Other Items
Non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS exclude certain other items. These items are adjusted for after evaluating them on an individual basis, considering their quantitative and qualitative aspects. Typically, these items
61
Table of Content
s
are unusual in nature, significant to the results of a particular period or not indicative of future operating results. Excluded from non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS in 2024 is a benefit due to reductions in reserves for unrecognized income tax benefits resulting from the expiration of the statute of limitations for assessments related to the 2019 and 2020 federal tax return years (see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements). Excluded from non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS in 2023 is a charge related to settlements with certain plaintiffs in the Zetia antitrust litigation (see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements).
Research and Development
Research Pipeline
The Company currently has several candidates under regulatory review in the U.S. and internationally, as well as in late-stage clinical development. A chart reflecting the Company’s current research pipeline as of February 21, 2025 and related discussion is set forth in Item 1. “Business
—
Research and Development” above.
Acquisitions, Research Collaborations and Licensing Agreements
Merck continues to remain focused on pursuing opportunities that have the potential to drive both near- and long-term growth. Certain recent transactions are summarized below; additional details are included in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. Merck actively monitors the landscape for growth opportunities that meet the Company’s strategic criteria.
In December 2024, Merck closed an exclusive global license to develop, manufacture and commercialize MK-2010 (LM-299), a novel investigational PD-1/VEGF bispecific antibody from LaNova. Merck recorded a charge of $588 million to
Research and development
expenses in 2024, or $0.18 per share, for the upfront payment, which was made in January 2025. LaNova is also eligible to receive milestone payments associated with the technology transfer, development, regulatory approval and commercialization of MK-2010 (LM-299) across multiple indications.
Also in December 2024, Merck closed an exclusive global license to develop, manufacture and commercialize