expense, as well as certain discrete items.
The effective income tax rate of 15.9% for the first quarter of 2024 reflects a 1.6 percentage point unfavorable impact of a charge for the acquisition of Harpoon for which no tax benefit was recognized.
- 34 -
While many jurisdictions in which Merck operates have adopted the global minimum tax provision of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Pillar 2, effective for tax years beginning in January 2024, it resulted in a minimal impact to the Company’s 2024 effective income tax rate due to the accounting for the tax effects of intercompany transactions. The Company expects the impact of the global minimum tax to be approximately 2% for full year 2025. In addition, beginning in 2026, the tax rates on foreign earnings and export income are scheduled to increase under existing provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) and may result in an increase to the Company’s effective income tax rate.
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is currently conducting examinations of the Company’s tax returns for the years 2017 and 2018, including the one-time transition tax enacted under the TCJA. On April 21, 2025, Merck received Notices of Proposed Adjustment (NOPAs) that would increase the amount of the one-time transition tax on certain undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries by approximately $1.3 billion. In addition, the NOPAs included penalties of approximately $260 million. These amounts are exclusive of any interest that may be due. The Company disagrees with the proposed adjustments and will vigorously contest the NOPAs through all available administrative and, if necessary, judicial proceedings. It is expected to take a number of years to reach resolution of this matter. If the Company is ultimately unsuccessful in defending its position, the impact could be material to its financial statements. The statute of limitations for assessments with respect to the 2019 and 2020 federal tax return years expired in June 2024 and October 2024, respectively. The IRS is also currently conducting examinations of the Company’s tax returns for the years 2021 and 2022. In addition, various state and foreign examinations are in progress.
Non-GAAP Income and Non-GAAP EPS
Non-GAAP income and non-GAAP earnings per share (EPS) are alternative views of the Company’s performance that Merck is providing because management believes this information enhances investors’ understanding of the Company’s results since management uses non-GAAP measures to assess performance. Non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS exclude certain items because of the nature of these items and the impact that they have on the analysis of underlying business performance and trends. The excluded items (which should not be considered non-recurring) consist of acquisition- and divestiture-related costs, restructuring costs, income and losses from investments in equity securities, and certain other items. These excluded items