level rise pose physical risks to the Company’s facilities as well as those of its suppliers. Such risks include losses incurred as a result of physical damage to facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by such natural disasters and extreme weather events. Other potential physical impacts due to climate change include reduced access to high-quality water in certain regions and the loss of biodiversity, which could impact future product development. These risks could disrupt the Company’s operations and its supply chain, which may result in increased costs.
New legal and regulatory requirements are being enacted to prevent, mitigate, or adapt to the implications of a changing climate and its effects on the environment. These regulations, which may differ across jurisdictions, could result in the Company being subject to new or expanded carbon pricing or taxes, increased compliance costs, restrictions on GHG emissions, investment in new technologies, increased GHG emission disclosure (including costs resulting from mandatory or voluntary reporting, diligence or disclosure) and transparency, recurring investments in data gathering and reporting systems, upgrades of facilities to meet new building codes, and the redesign of utility systems, which could increase the Company’s operating costs, including the cost of electricity and energy used by the Company. The Company’s supply chain would likely be subject to these same transitional risks and would likely pass along any increased costs to the Company, which may affect the Company’s ability to procure raw materials or other supplies required for the operation of the Company’s business at the quantities and levels required.
Environmental, social and governance matters may impact the Company’s business and reputation.
Governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, external stakeholders and employees are sensitive to environmental, social and governance concerns, such as human capital, climate change, water use, recyclability or recoverability of packaging, and plastic waste. The focus on these concerns may lead to new requirements that could result in increased costs associated with developing, manufacturing and distributing the Company’s products, and related reporting obligations. The Company’s ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing demand for validated net zero GHG emission targets and more environmentally friendly products, packaging or supplier practices, or by failure to meet such customer expectations or demand. The Company risks negative shareholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to its brand and reputation and inability to attract and retain employee talent, if the Company fails to act responsibly, or if the Company is perceived to not be acting responsibly, in key areas, including equitable access to medicines and