in the future will continue to negatively affect sales and profits.
6
Table of Content
s
In addressing global cost containment pressures, the Company engages in public policy advocacy with policymakers and continues to work to demonstrate that its medicines provide value to patients and to those who pay for health care. The Company advocates with government policymakers to encourage a long-term approach to sustainable health care financing that ensures access to innovative medicines and does not disproportionately target pharmaceuticals as a source of budget savings. In markets with historically low rates of health care spending, the Company encourages those governments to increase their investments and adopt market reforms in order to improve their citizens’ access to appropriate health care, including medicines.
Operating conditions have become more challenging under the global pressures of competition, industry regulation and cost containment efforts. Although no one can predict the effect of these and other factors on the Company’s business, the Company continually takes measures to evaluate, adapt and improve the organization and its business practices to better meet customer needs and believes that it is well-positioned to respond to the evolving health care environment and market forces.
United States
The Company faces increasing pricing pressure from managed care organizations, government agencies and programs that could negatively affect the Company’s sales and profit margins, including, through (i) practices of managed care organizations, federal and state exchanges, and institutional and governmental purchasers, and (ii) federal laws and regulations related to Medicare and Medicaid, including the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (ACA), the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (American Rescue Plan Act), and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA). Additionally, increased utilization of the 340B Federal Drug Discount Program and restrictions on the Company’s ability to identify inappropriate discounts are having a negative impact on Company performance.
In the U.S., federal and state governments for many years have pursued methods to reduce the cost of drugs and vaccines for which they pay. For example, federal and state laws require the Company to pay specified rebates for medicines reimbursed by Medicaid and to provide discounts for medicines purchased by certain state and federal entities such as the Department of Defense, Veterans Affairs, Public Health Service entities and hospitals serving a disproportionate share of low income or uninsured patients.
Additionally in the U.S., consolidation and integration among health care entities is a major factor in the competitive marketplace for pharmaceutical products. Health plans and pharmacy benefit managers have been consolidating into fewer, larger entities, thus enhancing their purchasing