pharmaceutical regulatory review. The PMDA is an independent administrative agency which is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW). The PMDA considers multiple factors in its review process, including the drug’s safety, efficacy, quality, and manufacturing process in accordance with the Act on Securing Quality, Efficacy and Safety of Products Including Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices. In addition, there are various other regulations and guidelines issued by the MHLW or the PMDA that must also be complied with in order to secure approval. The length of the PMDA review process can vary, but it typically takes around one year for a new drug to be approved in Japan. The review period may be shortened if the drug candidate is designated by the MHLW as an innovative drug satisfying certain conditions.
China
In China, the Company submits marketing applications to the NMPA for an independent review. The NMPA considers multiple factors in its review process, including the drug‘s safety, efficacy, quality, and manufacturing process. Moreover, the NMPA implements strict regulations to ensure that all drugs meet the same standards as those set by the WHO. The agency establishes stringent safety and efficacy requirements for drug approval. The length of the NMPA review process can vary, but it typically takes around one to two years for a new drug to be approved in China.
Other Markets
Outside of the U.S., the EU, Japan and China, the Company submits marketing applications to national regulatory authorities. Examples of such are Health Canada, Agência Nacional de Vigilância Sanatária in Brazil, Korea Food and Drug Administration in South Korea, and the Therapeutic Goods Administration in Australia. Each country has a separate and independent review process and timeline. In many markets, approval times can be longer as the regulatory authority requires approval in a major market, such as the U.S. or the EU, and issuance of a Certificate of Pharmaceutical Product from that market before initiating their local review process.
Research and Development Update
The Company currently has several candidates under regulatory review in the U.S. and internationally or in late-stage clinical development.
MK-1022, patritumab deruxtecan, is a potential first-in-class HER3 directed DXd antibody drug conjugate (ADC), under review by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic EGFR-mutated NSCLC previously treated with two or more systemic therapies. The BLA is based on the primary results from the HERTHENA-Lung01 pivotal Phase 2 trial and data results presented at the IASLC 2023 World Conference on Lung Cancer, which were simultaneously published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. In June 2024, the FDA issued a CRL for the BLA due to findings pertaining to an inspection of a third-party manufacturing facility. The CRL did not identify any issues with the efficacy or safety data submitted. Patritumab