meeting the needs of patients in the future. The Company's wide-ranging efforts to expand access to health encompass a set of principles embedded in its business strategies and operations. These principles guide its global approach to addressing significant public health burdens and unmet medical needs. The Company systematically evaluates its pipeline candidates to assess their potential in low and middle-income countries and underserved health care settings. Throughout the life cycle of its products, Merck seeks to evaluate their potential and adapt to changes in the external environment. Collaborating with various stakeholders, including private, governmental, multilateral, and non-profit organizations, the Company seeks to design and deliver sustainable access solutions at the payer, provider,
10
Table of Content
s
and patient levels. Furthermore, the Company incorporates access to health metrics in its scorecard, making it a component of calculating annual incentive pay for the majority of its global employees.
In addition, through social investments, including philanthropic programs and impact investing, Merck is helping to strengthen health systems and build capacity, particularly in communities underserved by health care. The Merck Patient Assistance Program provides certain medicines and adult vaccines for free to people in the U.S. and U.S. territories who do not have prescription drug or health insurance coverage and who, without the Company’s assistance, cannot afford their Merck medicines and vaccines. Globally, Merck has made substantial contributions to access to health through key initiatives, including product donations for humanitarian assistance in low-income countries through the Medical Outreach Program. The Mectizan Donation Program, the longest running disease-specific drug donation program of its kind, supports the elimination of two neglected tropical diseases – onchocerciasis and lymphatic filariasis. Additionally, through Merck for Mothers, the Company provides funding, and scientific and business acumen to help global health partners strengthen health systems, expand access to critical maternal health services, and end preventable deaths from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. Merck also supports the Merck Foundation, an independent grantmaking organization helping to address systemic barriers to access to health care.
Privacy and Data Protection
The Company is subject to a significant number of privacy and data protection laws and regulations globally, many of which place restrictions on the Company’s ability to collect, transfer, access and use personal data across its business. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve. There has been increased attention to privacy and data protection issues in both developed and emerging markets with the potential to affect directly the Company’s business, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which