assurance and quality control procedures are necessary. Slight deviations anywhere in the manufacturing process, including filling, labeling, packaging, storage and shipping, and quality control and testing, may result in lot failures, product recalls or spoilage. When changes are made to the manufacturing process, the Company may be required to provide preclinical and clinical data showing the comparable identity, strength, quality, purity or potency of the biologics and vaccines before and after such changes.
•
Biologics and vaccines are costly to manufacture because production ingredients are derived from living animal or plant material, and most biologics and vaccines cannot be made synthetically. In particular, keeping up with the demand for vaccines may be difficult due to the complexity of producing vaccines.
•
The use of biologically derived ingredients can lead to variability in the manufacturing process and could lead to allegations of harm, including infections or allergic reactions, which allegations would be reviewed through a standard investigation process that could lead to closure of product facilities due to possible contamination. Any of these events could result in substantial costs.
35
Table of Content
s
Risks Relating to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings
The health care industry in the U.S. has been, and will continue to be, subject to increasing regulation and political action.
As discussed above in Item 1. “Competition and the Health Care Environment,” the Company believes that the health care industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action, as future proposals to reform the health care system are considered by the Executive Branch, Congress and state legislatures.
In 2022, Congress passed the IRA, which makes significant changes to how drugs are covered and paid for under the Medicare program, including the creation of financial penalties for drugs whose prices rise faster than the rate of inflation, redesign of the Medicare Part D program to require manufacturers to bear more of the liability for certain drug benefits, which has taken effect in 2025, and government price setting for certain Medicare Part D drugs, starting in 2026, and Medicare Part B drugs starting in 2028. Furthermore, government price setting may also impact pricing in the private market, negatively affecting the Company’s performance. As noted in Item 1. “Competition and the Health Care Environment,” in 2023, HHS selected
Januvia
for the first year of the IRA’s price setting program, which will result in a government set price becoming effective on January 1, 2026. On January 17, 2025, HHS announced that
Janumet
and
Janumet XR
have been selected for government price setting, which will become effective on January 1, 2027. Furthermore, the Company expects that in 2026 HHS will include
Keytruda
in a subsequent selection of products to undergo IRA price setting, with such price to become