pension and other postretirement benefit plans represents the average rate of return to be earned on plan assets over the period the benefits included in the benefit obligation are to be paid and is determined on a plan basis. The expected rate of return for each plan is developed considering long-term historical returns data, current market conditions, and actual returns on the plan assets. Using this reference information, the long-term return expectations for each asset category and a weighted-average expected return for each plan’s target portfolio is developed according to the allocation among those investment categories. The expected portfolio performance reflects the contribution of active management as appropriate. For 2025, the expected rate of return for the Company’s U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit plans will be
7.70
%, as compared to
7.75
% in 2024.
The health care cost trend rate assumptions for other postretirement benefit plans are as follows:
Savings Plans
The Company also maintains defined contribution savings plans in the U.S. The Company matches a percentage of each employee’s contributions consistent with the provisions of the plan for which the employee is eligible. Total employer contributions to these plans in 2024, 2023 and 2022 were $
215
million, $
199
million and $
175
million, respectively.
121
Table of Content
s
14.
Other (Income) Expense, Net
Other (income) expense, net, consisted of:
(1)
Includes net realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments in equity securities either owned directly or through ownership interests in investment funds. Unrealized gains and losses from investments that are directly owned are determined at the end of the reporting period, while gains and losses from ownership interests in investment funds are accounted for on a one quarter lag.
Other, net (as reflected in the table above) in 2024 includes $
170
million of income related to the expansion of a collaboration agreement with Daiichi Sankyo (see Note 4). Other, net, in 2023 includes a $
572.5
million charge related to settlements with certain plaintiffs in the Zetia antitrust litigation (see Note 10).
Interest paid was $
1.3
billion in 2024, $
1.1
billion in 2023 and $
937
million in 2022.
15.
Taxes on Income
A reconciliation between the effective tax rate and the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:
Where applicable, the impact of changes in uncertain tax positions is reflected in the reconciling items above.
The Company’s remaining transition tax liability under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) of 2017, which has been reduced by payments and the expected utilization of foreign tax credits, was a net liability of $
518
million at December 31, 2024, which is comprised of a $
1.2
billion tax liability included in
Income taxes payable,
offset by $
702
million of foreign tax credits included in
Other Assets
that Merck expects to be applied upon the completion of the IRS’s examination of the Company’s tax returns for