regulations and guidelines, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data in the EU. Guidance developed at both the EU level and at the national level in individual EU Member States concerning implementation and compliance practices is often updated or otherwise revised.
There is, moreover, a growing trend towards required public disclosure of clinical trial data in the EU which adds to the complexity of obligations relating to processing health data from clinical trials. Failing to comply with these obligations could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against the Company, harm to its reputation, and adversely impact its business and operating results. The uncertainty regarding the interplay between
11
Table of Content
s
different regulatory frameworks further adds to the complexity that the Company faces with regard to data protection regulation.
In 2021, China passed the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) that aims to standardize the handling of personal information in China. The PIPL currently applies to the processing of personal information of natural persons in China, the processing of personal information outside China where the purpose is to provide products and services in China, and to analyze the activities of individuals in China. While similar to the GDPR, the PIPL contains unique requirements not found in the GDPR. The Company has developed and implemented comprehensive plans to ensure compliance with the PIPL, including plans relating to data localization and cross-border transfers.
Additional laws and regulations enacted in Canada, Europe, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and 19 states in the U.S. have increased enforcement and litigation activity in the U.S. and other developed markets, as well as increased regulatory cooperation among privacy authorities globally. The Company has adopted a comprehensive global privacy program to manage these evolving requirements and risks and to facilitate the transfer of personal information across international borders.
Distribution
The Company sells its human health pharmaceutical products primarily to drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers, such as health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. Human health vaccines are sold primarily to physicians, wholesalers, distributors and government entities. The Company’s professional representatives communicate the effectiveness, safety and value of the Company’s pharmaceutical and vaccine products to health care professionals in private practice, group practices, hospitals and managed care organizations. The Company sells its animal health products to veterinarians, distributors, animal producers, farmers and pet owners.
Raw Materials
The Company obtains raw materials essential to its business from numerous suppliers worldwide. Most of the principal materials the Company uses in its manufacturing