purchaser claims.
On March 18, 2025, the district court in the Northern District of California granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss in the Kaiser case. The court granted Kaiser leave to amend its complaint.
Patent Litigation
From time to time, generic and biosimilar manufacturers of pharmaceutical products file abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) and Biologics License Applications, respectively, with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) seeking to market generic and biosimilar forms of the Company’s products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned by the Company. To protect its patent rights, the Company may file patent infringement lawsuits against such generic and biosimilar companies. Similar lawsuits defending the Company’s patent rights may exist in other countries. The Company intends to vigorously defend its patents, which it believes are valid, against infringement by companies attempting to market products prior to the expiration of such patents. As with any litigation, there can be no assurance of the outcomes, which, if adverse, could result in significantly shortened periods of exclusivity for these products and, with respect to products acquired through acquisitions accounted for as business combinations, potentially significant intangible asset impairment charges.
Bridion
—
As previously disclosed, between January and November 2020, the Company received multiple Paragraph IV Certification Letters under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying the Company that generic drug companies had filed applications to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of
Bridion
(sugammadex) Injection. In March, April and December 2020, the Company filed patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. District Courts for the District of New Jersey and the Northern District of West Virginia against those generic companies. All actions in the District of New Jersey were consolidated. The West Virginia case was jointly dismissed with prejudice in August 2022 in favor of proceeding in New Jersey. The remaining defendants in the New Jersey action have stipulated to infringement of the asserted claims and withdrew all remaining claims and defenses other than a defense seeking to shorten the patent term extension (PTE) of the sugammadex patent to December 2022. The U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey held a one-day trial in December 2022 on this remaining PTE calculation defense. The court ordered a post-trial briefing on this defense and held closing arguments in February 2023.
In June 2023, the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey ruled in Merck’s favor. The court held that Merck’s calculation of PTE for the sugammadex patent covering the compound is not invalid and that the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office correctly granted a full
five-year
extension. Also in June 2023, the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey issued a final judgment prohibiting the FDA from