expiration dates, which include any pending PTE and SPC periods where indicated, for the key patent protection in the U.S., the EU, Japan and China for the following marketed products:
Note:    Compound patent unless otherwise noted. Certain of the products listed may be the subject of patent litigation. See Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” Note 10. “Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities” below.
N/A:    Currently no marketing approval.
(1)
The EU date represents the expiration date for the following four countries: France, Germany, Italy, and Spain (Major EU Markets). If SPC applications have been filed but have not been granted in all Major EU Markets, both the patent expiry date and the SPC expiry date are listed.
(2)
The PTE system in Japan allows for a patent to be extended more than once provided the later approval is directed to a different indication from that of the previous approval. This may result in multiple PTE approvals for a given patent, each with its own expiration date.
(3)
As a result of settlement agreements related to a patent directed to the specific sitagliptin salt form of the products, exclusivity will extend through May 2026 for
Januvia
and
Janumet
, and through July 2026 for
Janumet
XR.
(4)
Generic entry is not anticipated in 2025.
(5)
Expiry date reflects granted PTE for the 600 mg tablet in Japan.
(6)
Part of a global strategic oncology collaboration with Eisai Co., Ltd.
(7)
Eligible for six months pediatric market exclusivity.
(8)
The compound patent family contains two additional patents that expire in 2029 due to patent term adjustment resulting from patent office delay. These patents are based on the initial discovery of the active ingredient in
Keytruda
. While these patents may provide additional protection, the Company expects that they will be the subject of litigation in the future.
(9)
Part of a global strategic oncology collaboration with AstraZeneca.
(10)
Eligible for 12 years of data exclusivity in the U.S. and 10 years in the EU, which will expire in 2036 and 2034, respectively. Granted patents covering methods of treating pulmonary arterial hypertension with
Winrevair
, which will expire in 2037 (absent PTE or SPC), may provide additional exclusivity.
(11)
Commercialized under a worldwide collaboration with Bayer AG.
(12)
The Company has no marketing rights in the U.S.
(13)
Data exclusivity has also been granted in the EU and expires in January 2028; eligible for two additional years of market exclusivity based on pediatric studies for an orphan product.
(14)
PTE pending but is not included in the listed patent expiry date. Data exclusivity has been granted in the U.S. and expires in July 2033.
(15)
Data exclusivity has been granted in the EU and Japan, and expires in December 2031 and September 2030, respectively.
13
Table of Content
s
The Company has the following key U.S. patent protection for drug candidates under review in the U.S. by the FDA:
(1)
Being developed in a