franchises not listed separately.
(5)
Other is primarily comprised of miscellaneous corporate revenue, including revenue hedging activities which increased sales by $
58
million and $
54
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, as well as revenue from third-party manufacturing arrangements (including sales to Organon & Co.). Other for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 also includes $
95
million and $
61
million, respectively, related to upfront and milestone payments received by Merck for out-licensing arrangements.
- 25 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
Product sales are recorded net of the provision for discounts, including chargebacks, which are customer discounts that occur when a contracted customer purchases through an intermediary wholesale purchaser, and rebates that are owed based upon definitive contractual agreements or legal requirements with private sector and public sector (Medicaid and Medicare Part D) benefit providers, after the final dispensing of the product by a pharmacy to a benefit plan participant. These discounts, in the aggregate, reduced U.S. sales by $
2.1
billion and $
3.2
billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Consolidated sales by geographic area where derived are as follows:
A reconciliation of segment profits to
Income Before Taxes
is as follows:
(1)
The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment level information that is regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker.
(2)
Human health-related research and development expenses incurred by Merck Research Laboratories are not allocated to segment profits as noted below.
(3)
Includes equity (income) loss from affiliates and other miscellaneous non-operating expenses.
Pharmaceutical segment profits are comprised of segment sales less standard costs, as well as selling, general and administrative expenses directly incurred by the segment. Animal Health segment profits are comprised of segment sales, less all cost of sales, as well as selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development costs directly incurred by the segment. The chief operating decision maker (Merck’s Chief Executive Officer) uses segment profit to allocate resources predominately during the planning and forecasting process. For internal management reporting presented to the chief operating decision maker, Merck does not allocate the remaining cost of sales not included in segment profits as described above, research and development expenses incurred by Merck Research Laboratories, the Company’s research and development division that focuses on human health-related activities, or general and administrative expenses not directly incurred by the segments, nor the cost of financing these activities. Separate divisions maintain responsibility for monitoring and managing these costs, including depreciation related to fixed assets