with ifinatamab deruxtecan will be shared in a manner consistent with the original agreement for ifinatamab deruxtecan. Merck will be solely responsible for manufacturing and supply of MK-6070. If approved, Merck will generally record sales for MK-6070 worldwide (Merck will be the principal on sales transactions) and the companies will equally share expenses as well as profits worldwide, except for Japan where Merck retains exclusive rights and Daiichi Sankyo will receive a
5
% sales-based royalty.
Summarized financial information related to this collaboration is as follows:
(1)
Includes accrued continuation payment.
Moderna, Inc.
In 2022, Merck exercised its option to jointly develop and commercialize intismeran autogene (V940/mRNA-4157), an investigational individualized neoantigen therapy, pursuant to the terms of an existing collaboration and license agreement with Moderna, Inc. (Moderna). Intismeran autogene is currently being evaluated in combination with
Keytruda
in multiple Phase 3 clinical trials. Merck and Moderna share costs and will share any profits equally under this worldwide collaboration. Merck records its share of development costs associated with the collaboration as part of
Research and development
expenses. Any reimbursements received from Moderna for research and development expenses are recognized as reductions to
Research and development
costs. Merck has also capitalized certain of the shared costs, mainly related to facility costs, which aggregated $
228
million at March 31, 2025 and will be amortized over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
Summarized financial information related to this collaboration is as follows:
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Reblozyl (luspatercept-aamt) is a first-in-class erythroid maturation recombinant fusion protein that is being commercialized through a global collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS). Reblozyl is approved in the U.S., Europe and certain other markets for the treatment of anemia in certain rare blood disorders and is also being evaluated for additional indications for hematology therapies. BMS is the principal on sales transactions for Reblozyl; however, Merck co-promotes Reblozyl (and may co-promote any future products approved under this collaboration) in North America, which is
- 10 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
reimbursed by BMS. Merck receives tiered royalties ranging from
20
% to
24
% based on sales levels. This royalty will be reduced by
50
% upon the earlier of patent expiry or generic entry on an indication-by-indication basis in each market. Additionally, Merck is eligible to receive future contingent sales-based milestone payments of up to $
80
million. Alliance revenue related to this collaboration, consisting of royalties (recorded within
Sales
) was $
119
million and $
71
million in the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively.
4.
Restructuring
In January 2024, the Company approved a restructuring