these investment funds were $
23
million and $
2
million for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company uses a fair value hierarchy which maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. There are three levels of inputs used to measure fair value with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest:
Level 1
-
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2
-
Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
Level 3
-
Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Level 3 assets or liabilities are those whose values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques with significant unobservable inputs, as well as assets or liabilities for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation.
If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.
Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below:
(1)
Investments included in other assets are restricted as to use, including for the payment of benefits under employee benefit plans.
(2)
Includes securities with an aggregate fair value of $
49
million and $
81
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, which were subject to a contractual sale restriction that expired in April 2025.
(3)
The fair value determination of derivatives includes the impact of the credit risk of counterparties to the derivatives and the Company’s own credit risk, the effects of which were not significant.
- 15 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
Cash and cash equivalents
included $
7.9
billion and $
12.3
billion of cash equivalents, respectively (which would be considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).
Contingent Consideration
Summarized information about the changes in the fair value of liabilities for contingent consideration associated with business combinations is as follows:
(1)
Recorded in
Cost of sales, Research and development
expenses, and
Other (income) expense, net
. Includes