check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes
☐
No
☒
The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on April 30, 2025:
2,511,031,253
Table of Contents
Part I - Financial Information
Item 1. Financial Statements
MERCK & CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
(Unaudited, $ in millions except per share amounts)
MERCK & CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(Unaudited, $ in millions)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
- 3 -
MERCK & CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
(Unaudited, $ in millions except per share amounts)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this condensed consolidated financial statement.
- 4 -
MERCK & CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(Unaudited, $ in millions)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this condensed consolidated financial statement.
- 5 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
1.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck or the Company) have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations for reporting on Form 10-Q. Accordingly, certain information and disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S.) for complete consolidated financial statements are not included herein. These interim statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in Merck’s Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2025.
The results of operations of any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the full year. In the Company’s opinion, all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of these interim statements have been included and are of a normal and recurring nature.
Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the current year presentation.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance intended to improve the transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring consistent categories and disaggregation of information in the effective income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosures by jurisdiction. The guidance also includes other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures by removing certain previously required disclosures. The guidance is effective for 2025 annual reporting. The guidance will result in incremental disclosures