has implemented an anticompetitive vaccine bundling scheme whereby MSD leverages its alleged monopoly power in certain pediatric vaccine markets to maintain its alleged monopoly power in the U.S. market for rotavirus vaccines in order to charge supracompetitive prices for
RotaTeq
. Plaintiff seeks permanent injunctive relief and unspecified monetary damages on purchases of
RotaTeq
, trebled, and fees and costs. In May 2023, MSD moved to dismiss the complaint. In November 2023, the court granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss, dismissing plaintiff’s Idaho and Utah consumer law claims and allowing all other claims to proceed.
Bravecto Litigation
As previously disclosed, in January 2020, the Company was served with a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. Following motion practice, the plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint in August 2024, seeking to certify a nationwide class action of purchasers or users of
Bravecto
(fluralaner) products in the U.S. or its territories between May 1, 2014 and July 1, 2021. Plaintiffs contend
Bravecto
causes neurological events in dogs and cats and alleges violations of the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act, Breach of Warranty, Product Liability, and related theories. The Company moved to dismiss or, alternatively, to strike the class allegations from the third amended complaint, and that motion is pending. A similar case was filed in Quebec, Canada in May 2019. The
108
Table of Content
s
Superior Court certified a class of dog owners in Quebec who gave
Bravecto
Chew to their dogs between February 16, 2017 and November 2, 2018 whose dogs experienced one of the conditions in the post-marketing adverse reactions section of the labeling approved on November 2, 2018. The Company and plaintiffs each appealed the class certification decision. The Court of Appeal of Quebec amended the class period to start July 2, 2014, allowed the second plaintiff to serve as a class representative, and modified the list of conditions in the class definition. The Company sought leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada, which was denied. The case is proceeding in the Superior Court.
340B Program Litigation
As previously disclosed, Merck filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to challenge the letter Merck received from the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) in May 2022 regarding Merck’s 340B Program integrity initiative. On September 17, 2024, the court entered a consent judgment granting Merck the relief it had sought in the litigation, including declarations that HRSA’s May 2022 letter was unlawful and that the version of Merck’s 340B Program integrity initiative at issue in the litigation did not violate Section 340B on its face.
Qui Tam Litigation
As previously disclosed, in June 2012, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania unsealed a complaint that had been filed against the Company under the federal