outweighs the likely benefits of the coverage that is available and, as such, has no insurance for most product liabilities.
106
Table of Content
s
Product Liability Litigation
Dr Scholl’s Foot Powder
As previously disclosed, Merck is a defendant in product liability lawsuits in the U.S. arising from consumers’ alleged exposure to talc in Dr. Scholl’s foot powder, which Merck acquired through its merger with Schering-Plough Corporation and sold as part of the divestiture of Merck’s consumer care business to Bayer in 2014. In these actions, plaintiffs allege that they were exposed to asbestos-contaminated talc and developed mesothelioma as a result. As of December 31, 2024, approximately
415
cases were pending against Merck in various state courts.
Gardasil/Gardasil 9
As previously disclosed, Merck is a defendant in product liability lawsuits in the U.S. involving
Gardasil
(Human Papillomavirus Quadrivalent [Types 6, 11, 16 and 18] Vaccine, Recombinant) and
Gardasil
9 (Human Papillomavirus 9-valent Vaccine, Recombinant). As of December 31, 2024, approximately
225
cases were filed and pending against Merck in either federal or state court. In these actions, plaintiffs allege, among other things, that they suffered various personal injuries after vaccination with
Gardasil
or
Gardasil
9, with postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS) as a predominate alleged injury. In August 2022, the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered that
Gardasil/Gardasil
9 product liability cases pending in federal courts nationwide be transferred to Judge Robert J. Conrad in the Western District of North Carolina for coordinated pre-trial proceedings. In February 2024, the multidistrict litigation was reassigned to Judge Kenneth D. Bell. As previously disclosed, there are fewer than
15
product liability cases pending outside the U.S.
On January 28, 2025, a trial commenced in California state court. Plaintiff claims that she suffers from POTS and fibromyalgia as a result of her
Gardasil
vaccinations. On February 14, 2025, after four weeks of trial and an opportunity to litigate plaintiff’s claims before a jury, plaintiff’s counsel approached Merck and proposed that the jury be discharged and the case adjourned. Merck agreed, subject to an explicit stipulation that Merck would provide no financial or other consideration in exchange for the agreement to adjourn. The case has thus been adjourned until a new trial date of September 15, 2025. Merck is vigorously defending this case and believes that evidence presented in court will show that
Gardasil
had no role in causing any of plaintiff’s conditions.
Governmental Proceedings
Civil Investigative Demands
As previously disclosed, in June 2024, Merck received a Civil Investigative Demand (CID) from the U.S. Department of Justice, pursuant to a False Claims Act investigation, seeking documents and materials related to
Steglatro
,
Januvia
and certain related drugs. The CID states that it is investigating