the probability of success (achievement of the contingent event) and the risk-adjusted discount rate used to present value the probability-weighted cash flows. Subsequent to the acquisition date, at each reporting period until the contingency is resolved, the contingent consideration liability is remeasured at current fair value with changes (either expense or income) recorded in earnings. Changes in any of the inputs may result in a significantly different fair value adjustment.
If the Company determines the transaction will not be accounted for as an acquisition of a business, the transaction will be accounted for as an asset acquisition rather than a business combination and, therefore, no goodwill will be recorded. In an asset acquisition, acquired IPR&D with no alternative future use is charged to expense and contingent consideration is not recognized at the acquisition date.
Contingent Sales-Based Milestones
The terms of certain business development transactions, including collaborative arrangements, licensing agreements and asset acquisitions, require the Company to make payments contingent upon the achievement of sales-based milestones. Sales-based milestones payable by Merck are accrued and capitalized, subject to cumulative amortization catch-up, when determined by the Company to be probable of being achieved based on future sales forecasts. The amortization catch-up is calculated either from the time of the first regulatory approval for products that were unapproved at the time the transaction was completed or, for new indications of products that were approved prior to the transaction, from the time the transaction was completed. The related intangible asset that is recognized is amortized over its remaining useful life, subject to impairment testing.
Revenue Recognition
Recognition of revenue requires evidence of a contract, probable collection of sales proceeds and completion of substantially all performance obligations. Merck acts as the principal in substantially all of its customer arrangements and therefore records revenue on a gross basis. The majority of the Company’s contracts related to the Pharmaceutical and Animal Health segments have a single performance obligation - the promise to transfer goods. Shipping is considered immaterial in the context of the overall customer arrangement and damages or loss of goods in transit are rare. Therefore, shipping is not deemed a separately recognized performance obligation.
68
Table of Content
s
The vast majority of revenues from sales of products are recognized at a point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, which the Company has determined is when title and risks and rewards of ownership transfer to the customer and the Company is entitled to payment. For certain services in the Animal Health segment, revenue is recognized over time, generally ratably over the contract term as services are provided. These service revenues are not material.
The nature of