cumulative translation adjustments.
(2)
Balance at March 31, 2025 includes $
25
million of current liabilities.
The payments of contingent consideration during the first three months of 2025 and 2024 relate to the 2016 termination of the Sanofi Pasteur MSD (SPMSD) joint venture. There are no remaining contingent consideration liabilities related to the SPMSD joint venture termination.
Other Fair Value Measurements
Some of the Company’s financial instruments, such as cash and cash equivalents, receivables and payables, are reflected in the balance sheet at carrying value, which approximates fair value due to their short-term nature.
The estimated fair value of loans payable and long-term debt (including current portion) at March 31, 2025, was $
30.6
billion compared with a carrying value of $
34.8
billion and at December 31, 2024, was $
32.6
billion compared with a carrying value of $
37.1
billion. Fair value was estimated using recent observable market prices and would be considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
On an ongoing basis, the Company monitors concentrations of credit risk associated with corporate and government issuers of securities and financial institutions with which it conducts business. Credit exposure limits are established to limit a concentration with any single issuer or institution. Cash and investments are placed in instruments that meet high credit quality standards as specified in the Company’s investment policy guidelines.
The majority of the Company’s accounts receivable arise from product sales in the U.S., Europe and China and are primarily due from drug wholesalers, distributors and retailers, hospitals and government agencies. The Company monitors the financial performance and creditworthiness of its customers so that it can properly assess and respond to changes in their credit profile. The Company also continues to monitor global economic conditions, including the volatility associated with international sovereign economies, and associated impacts on the financial markets and its business.
The Company has accounts receivable factoring agreements with financial institutions in certain countries to sell accounts receivable. The Company factored $
1.7
billion and $
2.1
billion of accounts receivable as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, under these factoring arrangements, which reduced outstanding accounts receivable. The cash received from the financial institutions is reported within operating activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. In certain of these factoring arrangements, for ease of administration, the Company will collect customer payments related to the factored receivables, which it then remits to the financial institutions, generally within thirty days after receipt. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company had collected $
39
million and $
55
million, respectively, on behalf of the financial institutions,