vaccines, product quality and safety, environmental stewardship, reduction of GHG emissions, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency, and addressing human capital factors in the Company’s operations. Responding to these considerations as well as any applicable regulatory requirements and implementation of the Company’s goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside of the Company’s control. In addition, some governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, and stakeholders may disagree with the Company’s goals and initiatives. If the Company does not meet the evolving and varied regulatory requirements and expectations of its investors, customers and other stakeholders, the Company could experience negative impacts to the Company’s business and results of operations. In addition, the Company is subject to expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements, including the EU’s Corporate
32
Table of Content
s
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and potentially the SEC’s climate-related reporting requirements (which are currently stayed), the legislation in California requiring reporting of GHG emissions and climate risk, and similar regulatory requirements in other jurisdictions outside the U.S. These evolving regulatory requirements are likely to result in increased costs and complexities of compliance in order to collect, measure and report on the relevant information.
Failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect the Company’s ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
The Company’s success is largely dependent on its continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical research and development, governmental regulation and commercialization. Competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical industry, both in the U.S. and internationally, is intense. The Company cannot be sure that it will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase.
The Company may experience difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines.
Merck from time to time experiences difficulties in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines. For example, the Company is currently experiencing manufacturing delays related to
Varivax
and
ProQuad
which will result in supply constraints in 2025. The Company may, in the future, experience other difficulties and delays in manufacturing its products, such as (i) failure of the Company or any of its vendors or suppliers to comply with Current Good Manufacturing Practices and other applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages and delays in