early drug development.
R&D expenses are comprised of the costs directly incurred by Merck Research Laboratories (MRL), the Company’s research and development division that focuses on human health-related activities, which were $2.5 billion and $2.4 billion for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively. Also included in R&D expenses are Animal Health research costs, upfront and milestone payments for collaboration and licensing agreements, charges for transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions (including the charge for the acquisition of Harpoon noted above), and costs incurred by other divisions in support of R&D activities, including depreciation, production and general and administrative, which in the aggregate were $1.1 billion and $1.6 billion for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Restructuring Costs
In January 2024, the Company approved a restructuring program (2024 Restructuring Program) intended to continue the optimization of the Company’s Human Health global manufacturing network as the future pipeline shifts to new modalities
- 33 -
and also optimize the Animal Health global manufacturing network to improve supply reliability and increase efficiency. The actions contemplated under the 2024 Restructuring Program are expected to be substantially completed by the end of 2031, with the cumulative pretax costs to be incurred by the Company to implement the program estimated to be approximately $4.0 billion. Approximately 60% of the cumulative pretax costs will be non-cash, relating primarily to the accelerated depreciation of facilities to be closed or divested. The remainder of the costs will result in cash outlays, relating primarily to facility shut-down costs. The Company expects to record charges of approximately $550 million in 2025 related to the 2024 Restructuring Program and anticipates the actions under the 2024 Restructuring Program will result in cumulative annual net cost savings of approximately $750 million by the end of 2031. As Merck continues to assess its business, it is likely to take further actions in 2025 to drive productivity across the Company while continuing to make disciplined investments in its expansive pipeline to drive growth.
Restructuring costs
, primarily representing separation and other costs associated with these restructuring activities, were $69 million and $123 million for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively. Separation costs incurred were associated with actual headcount reductions, as well as estimated expenses under existing severance programs for involuntary headcount reductions that were probable and could be reasonably estimated. Other expenses in
Restructuring costs
include facility shut-down and other related costs, as well as employee-related costs such as curtailment, settlement and termination charges associated with pension and other postretirement benefit plans and share-based compensation plan costs. For segment reporting, restructuring costs