segments, Pharmaceutical and Animal Health, both of which are reportable segments.
The Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products. Human health pharmaceutical products consist of therapeutic and preventive agents, generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders. The Company sells these human health pharmaceutical products primarily to drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers such as health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. Human health vaccine products consist of preventive pediatric, adolescent and adult vaccines. The Company sells these human health vaccines primarily to physicians, wholesalers, distributors and government entities.
The Animal Health segment discovers, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of veterinary pharmaceutical and vaccine products, as well as health management solutions and services, for the prevention, treatment and control of disease in all major livestock and companion animal species. The Company also offers an extensive suite of digitally connected identification, traceability and monitoring products. The Company sells its products to veterinarians, distributors, animal producers, farmers and pet owners.
All product or service marks appearing in type form different from that of the surrounding text are trademarks or service marks owned, licensed to, promoted or distributed by Merck, its subsidiaries or affiliates, except as noted. All other trademarks or service marks are those of their respective owners.
Product Sales
Total Company sales, including sales of the Company’s top pharmaceutical products, as well as sales of animal health products, were as follows:
(1)
Alliance revenue represents Merck’s share of profits, which are product sales net of cost of sales and commercialization costs.
(2)
Other revenues are primarily comprised of miscellaneous corporate revenues, including revenue hedging activities, as well as revenue from third-party manufacturing arrangements.
Pharmaceutical
The Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products. Human health pharmaceutical products consist of therapeutic and preventive agents, generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders. Human health vaccine products consist of preventive pediatric, adolescent and adult vaccines. Certain of the products within the Company’s franchises are as follows:
1
Table of Content
s
Oncology
Keytruda
is an anti-PD-1 (programmed death receptor-1) therapy that has been approved as monotherapy for the treatment of certain patients with cervical cancer, classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, esophageal or gastroesophageal junction (GEJ) carcinoma, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), melanoma, Merkel cell carcinoma, microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch