for the prevention of invasive pneumococcal disease and pneumococcal pneumonia in adults.
Winrevair
was also approved in the EU.
The Company received more than 25 regulatory approvals in major markets in 2024, including the
Winrevair
and
Capvaxive
approvals noted above, along with numerous approvals in oncology.
Keytruda
received approval for additional indications in the U.S. and/or internationally as monotherapy in the therapeutic areas of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), melanoma and urothelial carcinoma, in combination with chemotherapy in the therapeutic areas of biliary tract cancer, cervical cancer, endometrial carcinoma, gastric or gastroesophageal junction (GEJ) adenocarcinoma, malignant pleural mesothelioma and non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), as well as in combination with Padcev (enfortunab vedotin-ejfv) for advanced urothelial carcinoma. Also in 2024,
Welireg
was approved in China for the treatment of adult patients with certain von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) disease-associated tumors not requiring immediate surgery. Lynparza, which is being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca PLC (AstraZeneca), received approval in China for the treatment of certain adult patients with germline
BRCA
-mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative high-risk early breast cancer.
In addition to the regulatory approvals discussed above, the Company advanced its late-stage pipeline with several regulatory submissions.
•
MK-1022, patritumab deruxtecan, is a potential first-in-class HER3 directed DXd antibody drug conjugate (ADC), under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutated NSCLC previously treated with two or more systemic therapies. In June 2024, the FDA issued a complete response letter (CRL) for the Biologics License Application (BLA) due to findings pertaining to an inspection of a third-party manufacturing facility. The CRL did not identify any issues with the efficacy or safety data submitted. Patritumab deruxtecan (HER3-DXd) was discovered by Daiichi Sankyo and is
47
Table of Content
s
being jointly developed by Daiichi Sankyo and Merck. Merck is working with Daiichi Sankyo to address FDA feedback.
•
MK-6482
, Welireg,
is under review in Japan both for the treatment of adults with VHL disease and for the treatment of certain adults with previously treated advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC).
Welireg
is also under priority review in the U.S. for the treatment of certain patients with advanced, unresectable or metastatic pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma.
•
V116,
Capvaxive
, a 21-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine designed to help prevent invasive pneumococcal disease and pneumococcal pneumonia caused by certain serotypes in adults, is under review in the EU and Japan.
•
MK-7962,
Winrevair
, Merck’s novel activin signaling inhibitor, is under review in Japan for the treatment of adult