strength and importance. Private third-party insurers, as well as governments, employ formularies to control costs by negotiating discounted prices in exchange for formulary inclusion. Failure to obtain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement for Merck’s products or obtaining such placement at unfavorable pricing could adversely affect revenue. In addition to formulary tier co-pay differentials, private health insurance companies and self-insured employers have been increasing the cost-sharing required from beneficiaries, particularly for branded pharmaceuticals and biotechnology products. Private health insurance companies, as well as governments, also are increasingly imposing utilization management tools, such as clinical protocols, requiring prior authorization for a branded product or requiring the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine. These same management tools are also used in treatment areas in which the payor has taken the position that multiple branded products are therapeutically comparable. As the U.S. payor market concentrates further, the Company may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payors.
Legislative Changes
In 2022, Congress passed the IRA, which makes significant changes to how drugs are covered and paid for under the Medicare program, including the creation of financial penalties for drugs whose prices rise faster than the rate of inflation, redesign of the Medicare Part D program to require manufacturers to bear more of the liability for certain drug benefits, which has taken effect in 2025, and government price setting for certain Medicare Part D drugs, starting in 2026, and Medicare Part B drugs starting in 2028. Government price setting may also impact pricing in the private market negatively affecting the Company’s performance. In August 2023, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), selected
Januvia
for the first year of the IRA’s “Drug Price Negotiation Program” (Program). Pursuant to the IRA’s Program, a government price was set for
Januvia
, which will become effective on January 1, 2026. In January 2025, HHS announced that
Janumet
and
Janumet XR
have been selected for government price setting, which will become effective on January 1, 2027. In addition, the Company expects that
Keytruda
will be selected in 2026 for government price setting, which would become effective on January 1, 2028 and the Company expects that, as a result, U.S. sales of
Keytruda
will decline after that time. The Company has sued the U.S. government regarding the IRA’s Program (see Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” Note 10. “Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities” below). Furthermore,
7
Table of Content
s
the Executive Branch and Congress continue to discuss legislation designed to control health care costs, including the cost of drugs.
The long-term