within the footnotes to the Company’s financial statements.
In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance intended to improve financial reporting by requiring entities to disclose additional information about specific expense categories at interim and annual reporting periods. The guidance is effective for 2027 annual reporting and 2028 interim reporting. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance, which can be applied on a prospective or retrospective basis, will result in incremental disclosures within the footnotes to the Company’s financial statements.
2.
Acquisitions, Research Collaborations and Licensing Agreements
The Company continues to pursue acquisitions and the establishment of external alliances such as research collaborations and licensing agreements to complement its internal research capabilities. These arrangements often include upfront payments; expense reimbursements or payments to the third party; milestone, royalty or profit share arrangements contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development; and can also include option and continuation payments. The Company also reviews its marketed products and pipeline to examine candidates which may provide more value through out-licensing and, as part of its portfolio assessment process, may also divest certain assets. Pro forma financial information for acquired businesses is not presented if the historical financial results of the acquired entity are not significant when compared with the Company’s financial results.
2025 Transactions
In March 2025, Merck and Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Hengrui Pharma) announced that the companies have entered into an exclusive license agreement for HRS-5346, an investigational oral small molecule Lipoprotein(a) inhibitor, which is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial in China. Under the agreement, Hengrui Pharma granted Merck exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize HRS-5346 worldwide, excluding the Greater China region. Hengrui Pharma will receive an upfront payment of $
200
million and is eligible to receive future contingent developmental milestone payments of up to $
92.5
million, regulatory milestone payments of up to $
177.5
million and sales-based milestone payments of up to $
1.5
billion, as well as tiered royalties ranging from a mid-single-digit rate to a low-double digit rate on future net sales of HRS-5346, if approved. Closing of the proposed transaction is subject to approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and other customary conditions. Merck expects to record a pretax charge of $
200
million to
Research and development
expenses upon closing, which is anticipated in the second quarter of 2025.
Also in March 2025, Merck acquired the Dundalk, Ireland facility of WuXi Vaccines (a wholly owned subsidiary of WuXi Biologics), which was accounted for as an asset acquisition. Merck paid $
437
million at closing which,