transaction. There are no future contingent payments associated with the acquisition. In August 2024, Merck and Daiichi Sankyo expanded their existing global co-development and co-commercialization agreement to include MK-6070. See Note 4 for more information on Merck’s collaboration with Daiichi Sankyo.
2023 Transactions
In October 2023, Merck and Daiichi Sankyo entered into a global development and commercialization agreement for
three
of Daiichi Sankyo’s deruxtecan (DXd) ADC candidates: patritumab deruxtecan (HER3-DXd) (MK-1022), ifinatamab deruxtecan (I-DXd) (MK-2400) and raludotatug deruxtecan (R-DXd) (MK-5909). See Note 4 for additional information related to this collaboration.
In June 2023, Merck acquired Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. (Prometheus), a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering a precision medicine approach for the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel therapeutic and companion diagnostic products for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases. Total consideration paid of $
11.0
billion included $
1.2
billion of costs to settle share-based equity awards (including $
700
million to settle unvested equity awards). Prometheus’ lead candidate, tulisokibart (MK-7240, formerly PRA023), is a humanized monoclonal antibody directed to tumor necrosis factor-like ligand 1A, a target associated with both intestinal inflammation and fibrosis. Tulisokibart is being developed for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases including ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s disease, and other autoimmune conditions. Phase 3 clinical trials evaluating tulisokibart for Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis are underway. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition since tulisokibart accounted for substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (excluding cash and deferred income taxes). Merck recorded net assets of $
877
million, including cash of $
368
million, investments of $
296
million, deferred tax assets of $
218
million and other net liabilities of $
5
million, as well as a charge of $
10.2
billion to
Research and development
expenses in 2023 related to the transaction. There are no future contingent payments associated with the acquisition.
In February 2023, Merck and Kelun-Biotech closed a license and collaboration agreement expanding their relationship in which Merck gained exclusive rights for the research, development, manufacture and commercialization of up to
seven
investigational preclinical ADCs for the treatment of cancer. Kelun-Biotech retained the right to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize certain licensed and option ADCs for Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau. Merck made an upfront payment of $
175
million, which was recorded as a charge to
Research and development
expenses in 2023. In October 2023, Merck notified Kelun-Biotech it was terminating
two
of the
seven
candidates under the agreement. Subsequently, in April 2024, Merck notified Kelun-Biotech it was