consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units and evaluated for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the Company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative fair value test is performed. If the carrying value of a reporting unit is greater than its fair value, a goodwill impairment charge will be recorded for the difference (up to the carrying value of goodwill).
Acquired Intangibles —
Intangibles acquired in a business combination include product rights, trade names and patents, licenses and other, which are initially recorded at fair value, assigned an estimated useful life, and amortized primarily on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives ranging from
2
to
24
years. The Company periodically evaluates whether current facts or circumstances indicate that the carrying values of its acquired intangibles may not be recoverable. If such circumstances are determined to exist, an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows of these assets, or appropriate asset groupings, is compared to the carrying value to determine whether an impairment exists. If the asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the carrying value of the intangible asset and its fair value, which is determined based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows.
Acquired In-Process Research and Development —
IPR&D that the Company acquires in conjunction with a business combination represents the fair value assigned to incomplete research projects which, at the time of acquisition, have not reached technological feasibility. The amounts are capitalized and are accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets, subject to impairment testing until completion or abandonment of the projects. Upon successful completion of each IPR&D project, Merck will make a determination as to the then-useful life of the intangible asset, generally determined by the period in which the substantial majority of the cash flows are expected to be generated, and begin amortization. The Company evaluates IPR&D for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, by performing a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the IPR&D intangible asset with its carrying value. If the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized in operating results.
Contingent Consideration for Business Combinations —
Certain of the Company’s acquisitions involve the potential for future payment of consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of performance milestones, including product development