periodically as assessments change or additional information becomes available. Generally, for product liability claims, a portion of the overall accrual is actuarially determined and considers such factors as past experience, number of claims reported and estimates of claims incurred but not yet reported. Individually significant contingent losses are accrued when probable and reasonably estimable.
Legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency are accrued when probable and reasonably estimable.
The Company’s decision to obtain insurance coverage is dependent on market conditions, including cost and availability, existing at the time such decisions are made. The Company has evaluated its risks and has determined that the cost of obtaining product liability insurance outweighs the likely benefits of the coverage that is available and, as such, has no insurance for most product liabilities.
Product Liability Litigation
Dr. Scholl’s Foot Powder
As previously disclosed, Merck is a defendant in product liability lawsuits in the U.S. arising from consumers’ alleged exposure to talc in Dr. Scholl’s foot powder, which Merck acquired through its merger with Schering-Plough Corporation and sold as part of the divestiture of Merck’s consumer care business to Bayer in 2014. In these actions, plaintiffs allege that they were exposed to asbestos-contaminated talc and developed mesothelioma as a result. As of March 31, 2025, approximately
500
cases were pending against Merck in various state courts.
Gardasil/Gardasil 9
As previously disclosed, Merck is a defendant in product liability lawsuits in the U.S. involving
Gardasil
(Human Papillomavirus Quadrivalent [Types 6, 11, 16 and 18] Vaccine, Recombinant) and
Gardasil
9 (Human Papillomavirus 9-valent Vaccine, Recombinant). As of March 31, 2025, approximately
245
cases were filed and pending against Merck in either federal or state court. In these actions, plaintiffs allege, among other things, that they suffered various personal injuries after vaccination with
Gardasil
or
Gardasil
9, with postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS) as a predominate alleged injury.
In August 2022, the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered that
Gardasil/Gardasil
9 product liability cases pending in federal courts nationwide be transferred to Judge Robert J. Conrad in the Western District of North Carolina for coordinated pre-trial proceedings. In February 2024, the multidistrict litigation (
Gardasil
MDL) was reassigned to Judge Kenneth
- 17 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
D. Bell. On March 11, 2025, the court granted Merck’s motion for summary judgment in
16
bellwether cases on implied preemption grounds; plaintiffs have filed a Notice of Appeal to the Fourth Circuit. The parties’ letter submissions on next steps in the
Gardasil
MDL proceeding in light of the court’s decision were submitted on April 8, 2025.
On March 21,