processes for determining drug safety and effectiveness, as well as conditions for sale or reimbursement.
Of particular importance is the FDA in the U.S., which administers requirements covering the testing, approval, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling, and marketing of prescription pharmaceuticals. In some cases, the FDA requirements and practices have increased the amount of time and resources necessary to develop new products and bring them to market in the U.S. At the same time, the FDA has committed to expediting the development and review of products bearing the “breakthrough therapy” designation, which has accelerated the regulatory review process for medicines with this designation. The FDA has also undertaken efforts to bring generic competition to market more efficiently and in a more timely manner.
The EU has adopted directives and other legislation concerning the classification, approval for marketing, labeling, advertising, manufacturing, wholesale distribution, integrity of the supply chain, pharmacovigilance and safety monitoring of medicinal products for human use. These provide mandatory standards throughout the EU, which may be supplemented or implemented with additional regulations by the EU Member States. In particular, EU regulators may approve products subject to a number of post-authorization conditions. Examples of typical post-authorization commitments include additional pharmacovigilance, the conduct of clinical trials, the establishment of patient registries, physician or patient education and controlled distribution and prescribing arrangements. Non-compliance with post-authorization conditions, pharmacovigilance and other obligations can lead to regulatory action, including the variation, suspension or withdrawal of the marketing authorizations, or other enforcement or regulatory actions, including the imposition of financial penalties. The Company’s policies and procedures are already consistent with the substance of these directives; consequently, it is believed that they will not have any material effect on the Company’s business.
The Company believes that it will continue to be able to conduct its operations, including launching new drugs, in this regulatory environment. (See “Research and Development” below for a discussion of the regulatory approval process.)
Access to Medicines
As a global health care company, Merck’s primary role is to discover and develop innovative medicines and vaccines. The Company also recognizes that, in collaboration with key stakeholders, it has a role to play in helping to ensure that its science advances health care, and its products are accessible and affordable globally. The Company is committed to ensuring a high-quality, safe, reliable, supply of its medicines and vaccines, and to implementing innovative solutions that address barriers to sustainable access to its products.
Merck’s approach is designed to enable it to serve the greatest number of patients today, while