prospective basis. There was no impact to the Company’s consolidated financial statements upon adoption.
In November 2023, the FASB issued guidance intended to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through expanded disclosures for significant segment expenses. The Company adopted the guidance effective for the 2024 annual period. The guidance resulted in incremental disclosures to the Company’s segment reporting disclosures. See Note 18 for further details.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted —
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance intended to improve the transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring consistent categories and disaggregation of information in the effective income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosures by jurisdiction. The guidance also includes other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures by removing certain previously required disclosures. The guidance is effective for 2025 annual reporting. The guidance will result in incremental disclosures within the footnotes to the Company’s financial statements.
In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance intended to improve financial reporting by requiring entities to disclose additional information about specific expense categories at interim and annual reporting periods. The guidance is effective for 2027 annual reporting and 2028 interim reporting. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance, which can be applied on a prospective or retrospective basis, will result in incremental disclosures within the footnotes to the Company’s financial statements.
3.
Acquisitions, Divestitures, Research Collaborations and Licensing Agreements
The Company continues to pursue acquisitions and the establishment of external alliances such as research collaborations and licensing agreements to complement its internal research capabilities. These arrangements often include upfront payments; expense reimbursements or payments to the third party; milestone, royalty or profit share arrangements contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development; and can also include option and continuation payments. The Company also reviews its marketed products and pipeline to examine candidates which may provide more value through out-licensing and, as part of its portfolio assessment process, may also divest certain assets. Pro forma financial information for acquired businesses is not presented if the historical financial results of the acquired entity are not significant when compared with the Company’s financial results.
Recent Transactions
In January 2025, Merck and WuXi Vaccines, a wholly owned subsidiary of WuXi Biologics, entered into a definitive agreement pursuant to which Merck will acquire WuXi Vaccines’ facility in Dundalk, Ireland for a payment of approximately $
440
million at closing. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to