termination charges associated with pension and other postretirement benefit plans and share-based compensation costs.
Income and Losses from Investments in Equity Securities
Non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS exclude realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments in equity securities either owned directly or through ownership interests in investment funds.
Certain Other Items
Non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS exclude certain other items. These items are adjusted for after evaluating them on an individual basis, considering their quantitative and qualitative aspects. Typically, these items are unusual in nature, significant to the results of a particular period or not indicative of future operating results. There were no such items in either the first quarter of 2025 or 2024.
Research and Development Update
The Company currently has several candidates under regulatory review in the U.S. and internationally.
MK-1022, patritumab deruxtecan, is a potential first-in-class HER3 directed DXd antibody drug conjugate (ADC), under review by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic EGFR-mutated NSCLC previously treated with two or more systemic therapies. The Biologics License Application (BLA) is based on the primary results from the HERTHENA-Lung01 pivotal Phase 2 trial and data results presented at the IASLC 2023 World Conference on Lung Cancer, which were simultaneously published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. In June 2024, the FDA issued a complete response letter (CRL) for the BLA due to findings pertaining to an inspection of a third-party manufacturing facility. The CRL did not identify any issues with the efficacy or safety data submitted. Patritumab deruxtecan (HER3-DXd) was discovered by Daiichi Sankyo and is being jointly developed by Daiichi Sankyo and Merck. Merck is working with Daiichi Sankyo to address FDA feedback.
MK-3475A, pembrolizumab with berahyaluronidase alfa (MK-5180) for subcutaneous administration (subcutaneous pembrolizumab), is being evaluated for noninferiority with respect to pharmacokinetics to intravenous
Keytruda
in metastatic NSCLC. The FDA accepted for review a BLA seeking approval of MK-3475A across all previously approved solid tumor indications for
Keytruda
and set a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), or target action, date of September 23, 2025. The application is supported by data from the pivotal 3475A-D77 Phase 3 trial. Additionally, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated an extension application to introduce a new pharmaceutical form and new route of administration for
Keytruda
.
MK-6482,
Welireg
, is under review in Japan both for the treatment of adults with VHL disease based on the LITESPARK-004 clinical trial and for the treatment of certain adults with previously treated advanced RCC based on the LITESPARK-005 clinical trial. Additionally, in January 2025, the FDA accepted for priority review a supplemental New Drug Application seeking