certain patients with SCLC, as well as other potential combinations. Merck received an upfront cash payment of $
170
million from Daiichi Sankyo (recorded within
Other (income) expense, net
) and has also satisfied a contingent quid obligation from the original collaboration agreement. The companies will jointly develop and commercialize MK-6070 worldwide and share research and development and commercialization expenses. Research and development expenses related to MK-6070 in combination with ifinatamab deruxtecan will be shared in a manner consistent with the original agreement for ifinatamab deruxtecan. Merck will be solely responsible for manufacturing and supply of MK-6070. If approved, Merck will generally record sales for MK-6070 worldwide (Merck will be the principal on sales transactions) and the companies will equally share expenses as well as profits worldwide, except for Japan where Merck retains exclusive rights and Daiichi Sankyo will receive a
5
% sales-based royalty.
Summarized financial information related to this collaboration is as follows:
(1)
Expenses in 2023 include the $
5.5
billion charge for the upfront and continuing option payments noted above.
(2)
Includes accrued continuation payment.
92
Table of Content
s
Moderna, Inc.
In 2022, Merck exercised its option to jointly develop and commercialize V940 (mRNA-4157), an investigational individualized neoantigen therapy, pursuant to the terms of an existing collaboration and license agreement with Moderna, Inc. (Moderna), which resulted in a $
250
million payment that was charged to
Research and development
expenses in 2022. V940 (mRNA-4157) is currently being evaluated in combination with
Keytruda
in multiple Phase 3 clinical trials. Merck and Moderna share costs and will share any profits equally under this worldwide collaboration. Merck records its share of development costs associated with the collaboration as part of
Research and development
expenses. Any reimbursements received from Moderna for research and development expenses are recognized as reductions to
Research and development
costs. Merck has also capitalized certain of the shared costs, mainly related to facility costs, which aggregated $
198
million at December 31, 2024 and will be amortized over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
Summarized financial information related to this collaboration is as follows:
(1)
Expenses in 2022 include the $
250
million option exercise payment noted above.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Reblozyl (luspatercept-aamt) is a first-in-class erythroid maturation recombinant fusion protein that is being commercialized through a global collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS). Reblozyl is approved in the U.S., Europe, and certain other markets for the treatment of anemia in certain rare blood disorders and is also being evaluated for additional indications for hematology therapies. BMS is the principal on sales transactions for Reblozyl; however, Merck co-promotes Reblozyl