of credit risk associated with corporate and government issuers of securities and financial institutions with which it conducts business. Credit exposure limits are established to limit a concentration with any single issuer or institution. Cash and investments are placed in instruments that meet high credit quality standards, as specified in the Company’s investment policy guidelines.
The majority of the Company’s accounts receivable arise from product sales in the U.S., Europe and China and are primarily due from drug wholesalers, distributors and retailers, hospitals and government agencies. The Company monitors the financial performance and creditworthiness of its customers so that it can properly assess and respond to changes in their credit profile. The Company also continues to monitor global economic conditions, including the volatility associated with international sovereign economies, and associated impacts on the financial markets and its business.
The Company’s customers with the largest accounts receivable balances are: McKesson Corporation, Cencora, Inc. and Cardinal Health, Inc., which represented approximately
21
%,
21
% and
13
%, respectively, of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2024. Vaccines distributed by Chongqing Zhifei Biological Products Co., Ltd. (Zhifei) represent a substantial portion of total sales in China; however, nearly all of the accounts receivable for Zhifei were factored as of December 31, 2024, as part of the Company’s factoring program discussed below. The Company monitors the creditworthiness of its customers to which it grants credit terms in the normal course of business. Bad debts have been minimal. The Company does not normally require collateral or other security to support credit sales.
The Company has accounts receivable factoring agreements with financial institutions in certain countries to sell accounts receivable. The Company factored $
2.1
billion and $
3.0
billion of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, under these factoring arrangements, which reduced outstanding accounts receivable. The cash received from the financial institutions is reported within operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. In certain of these factoring arrangements, for ease of administration, the Company will collect customer payments related to the factored receivables, which it then remits to the financial institutions, generally within thirty days after receipt. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had collected $
55
million and $
44
million, respectively, on behalf of the financial institutions, which is reflected as restricted cash in
Other current assets
, and the related obligation to remit the cash is recorded in
Accrued and other current liabilities
. The net cash flows related to these collections are reported as financing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The cost of factoring such accounts receivable was
de minimis
.