strong relationships with its employees, the Company strives to ensure that every voice is heard, fostering an engaging employee experience that drives Merck forward.
Talent Management and Development
As the Company pursues its goal of becoming the world’s premier research-based biopharmaceutical company, there is a consistent focus on the importance of continuously developing its motivated and talented people. The Company is committed to talent growth for all, allowing its employees to move more fluidly across the organization, unlocking an environment that allows them to shape their career pathways via non-linear and wide-ranging opportunities and experience. Merck’s current talent management system supports company-wide performance management, leadership development, talent reviews and succession planning. Annual performance reviews help further the professional development of the Company’s employees and ensure that the Company’s workforce is aligned with the Company’s objectives. The Company seeks to continuously build the skills and capabilities of its workforce to accelerate talent, improve performance and mitigate risk through relevant continuous learning experiences. This includes, but is not limited to, building leadership and management skills, as well as providing technical and functional training to all employees.
23
Table of Content
s
Environmental Matters
Environmental Sustainability
The Company is committed to enabling a safe, sustainable and healthy future and strives to be a strong environmental steward, evolving its efforts in the face of a changing world. The Company’s environmental sustainability strategy has three focus areas:
•
Driving operational efficiency;
•
Designing new products to minimize environmental impact; and
•
Reducing any impacts in the Company’s upstream and downstream value chain.
The Company ensures its ongoing commitment to these areas through thoughtful governance. Its Environmental, Health and Safety Council (EHS Council) is a cross-functional body with leadership representation from each area of the Company’s business and is responsible for overseeing its environmental sustainability strategy, policy, and risk mitigation controls. The EHS Council monitors performance against the Company’s goals and increases transparency on environmental issues within the Company, senior management, and the Board of Directors (the Board). The Global Safety and Environment (GSE) vice president communicates progress on environmental sustainability goals, objectives and other important issues to the Board, senior management and the EHS Council. Additionally, the head of the Environmental Sustainability Center of Excellence is a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Strategy Management Team, a group of functional experts that advises, shapes, and drives the Company’s long-term sustainability strategy with guidance from an internal cross divisional forum of senior leaders. The Company’s cross-functional