False Claims Act by
two
former employees alleging, among other things, that the Company defrauded the U.S. government by falsifying data in connection with a clinical study conducted on the mumps component of the Company’s
M-M-R
II vaccine. The complaint alleges the fraud took place between 1999 and 2001. The U.S. government had the right to participate in and take over the prosecution of this lawsuit but notified the court that it declined to exercise that right. The
two
former employees pursued the lawsuit without the involvement of the U.S. government. In July 2023, the court denied relators’ motion for summary judgment, granted
two
of the Company’s motions for summary judgment, and denied the Company’s remaining motions for summary judgment as moot. The court entered judgment in favor of the Company and dismissed relators’ amended complaint in full with prejudice. Relators appealed that decision, and in August 2024, the Third Circuit affirmed the district court’s decision.
In addition, as previously disclosed,
two
putative class action lawsuits on behalf of direct purchasers of the
M‑M‑R
II vaccine, which charge that the Company misrepresented the efficacy of the
M-M-R
II vaccine in violation of federal antitrust laws and various state consumer protection laws, are pending in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The court granted the Company’s motion for summary judgment as to plaintiffs’ state law claims and denied the motion as to plaintiffs’ antitrust claim. The Company appealed, and on October 7, 2024, the Third Circuit reversed-in-part the district court’s order and remanded the case with instructions to enter summary judgment for the Company. On November 20, 2024, plaintiffs-appellees filed a petition for rehearing and rehearing en banc, and on February 10, 2025, the court denied the petition.
Merck KGaA Litigation
As previously disclosed, in January 2016, to protect its long-established brand rights in the U.S., the Company filed a lawsuit against Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (KGaA), historically operating as the EMD Group in the U.S., alleging it improperly uses the name “Merck” in the U.S. KGaA has filed suit against the Company in a number of jurisdictions outside of the U.S. alleging, among other things, unfair competition, trademark infringement and/or corporate name infringement. In certain of those jurisdictions, KGaA also alleges breach of the parties’ coexistence agreement. The litigation is ongoing in the U.S. with no trial date set, and also ongoing in jurisdictions outside of the U.S.
Patent Litigation
From time to time, generic manufacturers of pharmaceutical products file abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) seeking to market generic forms of the Company’s products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned by the Company. To protect its patent rights, the Company may file patent infringement lawsuits against such generic companies. Similar lawsuits defending