reasonably possible loss associated with the resolution of such proceedings is not expected to be material to the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows either individually or in the aggregate.
Legal Defense Reserves
Legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency are accrued when probable and reasonably estimable. Some of the significant factors considered in the review of these legal defense reserves are as follows: the actual costs incurred by the Company; the development of the Company’s legal defense strategy and structure in light of the scope of its litigation; the number of cases being brought against the Company; the costs and outcomes of completed trials; and the most current information regarding anticipated timing, progression, and related costs of pre-trial activities and trials in the associated litigation. The amount of legal defense reserves as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 of approximately $
230
million and $
225
million, respectively, represents the Company’s best estimate of the minimum amount of defense costs to be incurred in connection with its outstanding litigation; however, events such as additional trials and other events that could arise in the course of its litigation could affect the ultimate amount of legal defense costs to be incurred by the Company. The Company will continue to monitor its legal defense costs and review the adequacy of the associated reserves and may determine to increase the reserves at any time in the future if, based upon the factors set forth, it believes it would be appropriate to do so.
- 21 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
8.
Equity
9.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
The Company has defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees in the U.S. and in certain of its international subsidiaries. The net periodic benefit cost (credit) of such plans consisted of the following components:
The Company provides medical benefits, principally to its eligible U.S. retirees and similar benefits to their dependents, through its other postretirement benefit plans. The net credit of such plans consisted of the following components:
In connection with restructuring actions (see Note 4), termination charges were recorded on pension plans related to expanded eligibility for certain employees exiting Merck.
The components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) other than the service cost component are included in
Other (income) expense, net
(see Note 10), with the exception of certain amounts for termination benefits which are recorded in
Restructuring costs
if the event giving rise to the termination benefits related to restructuring actions.
- 22 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
10.
Other (Income) Expense, Net
Other (income) expense, net, consisted of:
(1)
Includes net realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments