2024 and were $188 million and $2.3 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2023.
Outside of the U.S., variable consideration in the form of discounts and rebates are a combination of commercially-driven discounts in highly competitive product classes, discounts required to gain or maintain reimbursement, or legislatively mandated rebates. In certain European countries, legislatively mandated rebates are calculated based on an estimate of the government’s total unbudgeted spending and the Company’s specific payback obligation. Rebates may also be required based on specific product sales thresholds. The Company applies an estimated factor against its actual invoiced sales to represent the expected level of future discount or rebate obligations associated with the sale.
The Company maintains a returns policy that allows its U.S. pharmaceutical customers to return product within a specified period prior to and subsequent to the expiration date (generally, three to six months before and 12 months after product expiration). The estimate of the provision for returns is based upon historical experience with actual returns. Additionally, the Company considers factors such as levels of inventory in the distribution channel, product dating and expiration period, whether products have been discontinued, entrance in the market of generic or other competition, changes in formularies or launch of over-the-counter products, among others. The product returns
69
Table of Content
s
provision for U.S. pharmaceutical sales as a percentage of U.S. net pharmaceutical sales was 0.8% in 2024, 1.0% in 2023 and 1.1% in 2022. Outside of the U.S., returns are only allowed in certain countries on a limited basis.
Merck’s payment terms for U.S. pharmaceutical customers are typically 36 days from receipt of invoice and for U.S. animal health customers are typically 30 days from receipt of invoice; however, certain products have longer payment terms, including
Keytruda
, which has payment terms of 90 days. Payment terms for vaccine sales in the U.S. typically range from 30 days to 60 days. Outside of the U.S., payment terms are typically 30 days to 90 days, although certain markets have longer payment terms.
Through its distribution programs with U.S. wholesalers, the Company encourages wholesalers to align purchases with underlying demand and maintain inventories below specified levels. The terms of the programs allow the wholesalers to earn fees upon providing visibility into their inventory levels, as well as by achieving certain performance parameters such as inventory management, customer service levels, reducing shortage claims and reducing product returns. Information provided through the wholesaler distribution programs includes items such as sales trends, inventory on-hand, on-order quantity and product returns.
Inventories Produced in Preparation for Product Launches
The Company capitalizes inventories produced in preparation for product launches sufficient to support