minimum tax provision of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Pillar 2, effective for tax years beginning in January 2024, it resulted in a minimal impact to the Company’s 2024 effective income tax rate due to the accounting
59
Table of Content
s
for the tax effects of intercompany transactions. The Company expects the impact of the global minimum tax will increase its effective income tax rate by approximately 2% in 2025. In addition, beginning in 2026, the tax rates on foreign earnings and export income are scheduled to increase under existing provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) and may result in an increase to the Company’s effective income tax rate. Also, in the event that the provision of the TCJA requiring capitalization and amortization of R&D expenses for tax purposes is repealed along the lines proposed in the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024, the Company will again be able to realize the benefit of U.S. R&D expenses as incurred, but expects no material impact to its effective income tax rate.
The effective income tax rate of 80.0% in 2023 includes a 65.6 percentage point combined unfavorable impact of charges for the acquisitions of Prometheus and Imago (for which no tax benefits were recognized) and the Daiichi Sankyo collaboration. These charges reduced domestic pretax income by approximately $16.9 billion in 2023. In addition, the effective income tax rate in 2023 reflects higher foreign taxes and the impact of the R&D capitalization provision of the TCJA on the Company’s U.S. global intangible low-taxed income inclusion, partially offset by a favorable mix of income and expense, as well as higher foreign tax credits.
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is currently conducting examinations of the Company’s tax returns for the years 2017 and 2018, including the one-time transition tax enacted under the TCJA. If the IRS disagrees with the Company’s transition tax position, it may result in a significant tax liability. The IRS is also currently conducting examinations of the Company’s tax returns for the years 2021 and 2022. In addition, various state and foreign tax examinations are in progress.
Non-GAAP Income and Non-GAAP EPS
Non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS are alternative views of the Company’s performance that Merck is providing because management believes this information enhances investors’ understanding of the Company’s results since management uses non-GAAP measures to assess performance. Non-GAAP income and non-GAAP EPS exclude certain items because of the nature of these items and the impact that they have on the analysis of underlying business performance and trends. The excluded items (which should not be considered non-recurring) consist of acquisition- and divestiture-related costs, restructuring costs, income and losses from investments in equity securities, and certain other items. These excluded items are significant components in understanding and