restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance share units (PSUs) to certain management level employees. In addition, employees and non-employee directors may be granted options to purchase shares of Company common stock at the fair market value at the time of grant. These plans were approved by the Company’s shareholders.
At December 31, 2024,
75
million shares collectively were authorized for future grants under the Company’s share-based compensation plans. These awards are settled with treasury shares.
Employee stock options are granted to purchase shares of Company stock at the fair market value at the time of grant. These awards generally vest one-third each year over a
three-year
period, with a contractual term of
7
-
10
years. RSUs are stock awards that are granted to employees and entitle the holder to shares of common stock as the awards vest. The fair value of the stock option and RSU awards is determined and fixed on the grant date based on the Company’s stock price. PSUs are stock awards where the ultimate number of shares issued will be contingent on the Company’s performance against a pre-set objective or set of objectives. The fair value of each PSU is determined on the date of grant based on the Company’s stock price. For RSUs and PSUs, dividends declared during the vesting period are payable to the employees only upon vesting. Over the PSU performance period, the number of shares of stock that are expected to be issued will be adjusted based on the probability of achievement of a performance target and final compensation expense will be recognized based on the ultimate number of shares issued. RSU and PSU distributions will be in shares of Company stock after the end of the vesting or performance
113
Table of Content
s
period, subject to the terms applicable to such awards. PSU awards generally vest after
three years
. RSU awards generally vest one-third each year over a
three-year
period.
Total pretax share-based compensation cost recorded in 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
761
million, $
645
million and $
541
million, respectively. Income tax benefits for share-based compensation expense recognized in 2024, 2023 and 2022 were $
117
million, $
96
million and $
78
million, respectively.
The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model for determining the fair value of option grants. In applying this model, the Company uses both historical data and current market data to estimate the fair value of its options. The Black-Scholes model requires several assumptions including expected dividend yield, risk-free interest rate, volatility, and term of the options. The expected dividend yield is based on historical patterns of dividend payments. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rate at grant date of zero-coupon U.S. Treasury Notes with a term equal to the expected term of the option. Expected volatility is estimated using a blend of historical and implied volatility. The historical component is based on historical monthly price