Merck’s price reporting under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program as well as compliance with anti-kickback requirements in connection with patient assistance programs. The Company is cooperating with the investigation.
As previously disclosed, in June 2020, Merck received a CID from the U.S. Department of Justice. The CID requests answers to interrogatories, as well as various documents, regarding temperature excursions at a third-party storage facility containing certain Merck products. Merck is cooperating with the government’s investigation and intends to produce information and/or documents as necessary in response to the CID.
Inflation Reduction Act
As previously disclosed, in June 2023, Merck filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against the U.S. government regarding the Inflation Reduction Act’s “Drug Price Negotiation Program” for Medicare (the Program). This litigation seeks relief from the Program by challenging its constitutionality as violative of the First and Fifth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution.
Other Matters
As previously disclosed, in April 2019, Merck received a set of investigative interrogatories from the California Attorney General’s Office pursuant to its investigation of conduct and agreements that allegedly affected or delayed competition to Lantus in the insulin market. The interrogatories seek information concerning Merck’s development of an insulin glargine product, and its subsequent termination, as well as Merck’s patent litigation against Sanofi S.A. concerning Lantus and the resolution of that litigation. Merck is cooperating with the California Attorney General’s investigation.
As previously disclosed, from time to time, the Company’s subsidiaries in China receive inquiries regarding their operations from various Chinese governmental agencies. Some of these inquiries may be related to matters involving other multinational pharmaceutical companies, as well as Chinese entities doing business with such companies. The Company’s policy is to cooperate with these authorities and to provide responses as appropriate.
107
Table of Content
s
As previously disclosed, from time to time, the Company receives inquiries and is the subject of preliminary investigation activities from competition and other governmental authorities in markets outside the U.S. These authorities may include regulators, administrative authorities, and law enforcement and other similar officials, and these preliminary investigation activities may include site visits, formal or informal requests or demands for documents or materials, inquiries or interviews and similar matters. Certain of these preliminary inquiries or activities may lead to the commencement of formal proceedings. Should those proceedings be determined adversely to the Company, monetary fines and/or remedial undertakings may be required.
Securities Litigation
In February 2025, a putative class action was filed against Merck and certain of its