Benefits
The Company provides a valuable suite of compensation and benefits programs that reflect its commitment to attract, retain and motivate its talent, and support its employees and their families in every stage of life. The Company continuously monitors and adjusts its compensation and benefit programs to ensure they are competitive, contemporary, helpful and engaging, and that they support strategic imperatives such as fairness, flexibility, quality, security and affordability. For example, the Company regularly monitors and evaluates its pay practices and policies to ensure that it is paying employees fairly. The Company offers a personal health care concierge service to assist U.S. employees participating in the Company medical plan with their health care needs. Aligned with its business and in support of its cancer care strategy, the Company provides enhanced cancer screening benefits with cash incentives, immediate access to two leading cancer centers of excellence for U.S. employees and high value cancer support resources (e.g., caregiving and mental health) for employees and their families. Globally, the Company implemented a minimum standard of 12 weeks of paid parental leave. In the U.S., the Company’s benefits rank in the top quartile of Fortune 100 companies under the Aon 2024 Benefits Index. The Company has been included in the Seramount (previously the Working Mother) 100 Best Companies ranking for 38 consecutive years and was named a top ten Best Company for Moms in 2024.
Employee Well-being
The Company is committed to helping its employees and their families improve their own health and well-being, whether physical, mental, financial, or social. The Company’s programs ensure quality, competitive value, protection from significant financial hardship and access to tools and resources to support employees and their families in all stages of their career and their lives, earning the Company accolades such as the Business Group on Health’s Best Employers Excellence in Health & Well-being and the CEO Roundtable on Cancer’s Global Gold Standard Employer accreditation in 2024. As part of the Company’s overall culture of well-being, the Company fosters an array of flexible work arrangements and offers onsite services so employees can thrive. For example, in the U.S., these include onsite health care professionals at many major sites, cafeterias committed to healthy menu offerings, onsite childcare, onsite gyms, and the convenient option to bank through an employee credit union.
Engaging Employees
The Company strengthens employee engagement by fostering a safe, positive, and supportive workplace. Merck encourages candid employee feedback through global employee surveys and peer feedback processes. The Company encourages professional networking and collaboration, enabling employees to connect and grow. Additionally, Merck provides community volunteering opportunities, reflecting its commitment to social responsibility. By building