which is reflected as restricted cash in
Other current assets,
and the related obligation to remit the cash is recorded in
Accrued and other current liabilities
. The net cash flows related to these collections are reported as financing activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The cost of factoring such accounts receivable was
de minimis
.
Derivative financial instruments are executed under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements. The master agreements with several of the Company’s financial institution counterparties also include credit support annexes. These annexes contain provisions that require collateral to be exchanged depending on the value of the derivative assets and liabilities, the Company’s credit rating, and the credit rating of the counterparty. Cash collateral received by the Company from various counterparties was $
23
million and $
165
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The obligation to return such collateral is recorded in
Accrued and other current liabilities
.
- 16 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
6.
Inventories
Inventories consisted of:
Amounts recognized as
Other Assets
are comprised almost entirely of raw materials and work in process inventories. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, these amounts included $
4.0
billion and $
3.8
billion, respectively, of inventories not expected to be sold within one year. In addition, these amounts included $
544
million and $
412
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, of inventories produced in preparation for product launches.
7.
Contingencies
The Company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, commercial litigation, and securities litigation, as well as certain additional matters including governmental and environmental matters. In the opinion of the Company, it is unlikely that the resolution of these matters will be material to the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Given the nature of the litigation discussed below and the complexities involved in these matters, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate a possible loss or range of possible loss for such matters until the Company knows, among other factors, (i) what claims, if any, will survive dispositive motion practice, (ii) the extent of the claims, including the size of any potential class, particularly when damages are not specified or are indeterminate, (iii) how the discovery process will affect the litigation, (iv) the settlement posture of the other parties to the litigation and (v) any other factors that may have a material effect on the litigation.
The Company records accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These accruals are adjusted