involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
U.S. Rebate Accruals - Medicaid, Managed Care and Medicare Part D
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records certain variable consideration including discounts, which are estimated at the time of sale generally using the expected value method. Amounts accrued for aggregate customer discounts are evaluated on a quarterly basis through comparison of information provided by the wholesalers, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, federal and state agencies, and other customers to the amounts accrued. Certain of these discounts representing a portion of the accrual take the form of rebates, which are amounts owed based upon definitive contractual agreements or legal requirements with private sector (Managed Care) and public sector (Medicaid and Medicare Part D) benefit providers, after the final dispensing of the product to a benefit plan participant. The provision for rebates is based on expected patient usage, as well as inventory levels in the distribution channel to determine the contractual obligation to the benefit providers. Management uses historical customer segment utilization mix, sales forecasts, changes to product mix and price, inventory levels in the distribution channel, government pricing calculations and prior payment history in order to estimate the expected provision. The accrued balance relative to the provision for rebates included in accrued and other current liabilities was $2.2 billion as of December 31, 2024, of which the majority relates to U.S. rebate accruals – Medicaid, Managed Care and Medicare Part D.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to U.S. rebate accruals - Medicaid, Managed Care and Medicare Part D is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management due to the significant measurement uncertainty involved in developing the rebate accruals, as the accruals are based on assumptions developed using pricing information and historical customer segment utilization mix, and a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating evidence related to these assumptions.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to U.S. rebate accruals - Medicaid, Managed Care and Medicare Part D, including management’s controls over the assumptions used to estimate the corresponding