via the centralized procedure beginning in 2030.
EU Member States remain responsible for pricing and reimbursement decisions but must take “due consideration” of JCA reports when making national market access decisions. This means that EU Member State pricing and reimbursement processes are likely to evolve and more EU Member States may use HTAs as part of their decision-making.
The outcome of HTAs regarding specific pharmaceutical products will increasingly influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these pharmaceutical products by the market access authorities of individual EU Member States. A negative HTA of one of the Company’s products may mean that the product is not reimbursable or may force the Company to reduce its reimbursement price or offer discounts or rebates.
A negative HTA by a leading and recognized HTA body could also undermine the Company’s ability to obtain reimbursement for the relevant product outside a jurisdiction. For example, EU Member States that have not yet developed HTA mechanisms may rely to some extent on JCAs under the HTAR or an HTA performed in other countries with a developed HTA framework, to inform their pricing and reimbursement decisions. HTA procedures require additional data, reviews and administrative processes, all of which increase the complexity, timing and costs of obtaining product reimbursement and exert downward pressure on available reimbursement.
To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some EU Member States, the Company may be required to conduct studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of the Company’s product candidates to other therapies that are considered the local standard of care. There can be no assurance that any EU Member State will allow favorable pricing, reimbursement and market access conditions for any of the Company’s products, or that it will be feasible to conduct additional cost-effectiveness studies, if required.
Japan
In Japan, the pharmaceutical industry is subject to government-mandated annual price reductions of pharmaceutical products and certain vaccines. Furthermore, the government can order re-pricings for specific products if it determines that use of such product will exceed certain thresholds defined under applicable re-pricing rules. In addition, if a Merck product has the same medical action or composition of another product that is subject to market expansion re-pricing, the Merck product could also be subject to re-pricing unless it meets exception criteria. The next government-mandated price reduction is scheduled to occur in April 2025.
China
The Company’s business in China has grown in the past few years, and the importance of China to the Company’s overall pharmaceutical and vaccines business has increased accordingly. Continued growth of the Company’s business in China is dependent upon ongoing development of a favorable environment for innovative pharmaceutical products and vaccines, sustained access for the Company’s currently