AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP received another Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying AstraZeneca that Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of Lynparza (olaparib) tablet. In November 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Zydus. This lawsuit, which asserts one or more patents covering olaparib, automatically stays FDA approval of the generic application until May 2027 or until an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. In November 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed an additional patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Zydus asserting an additional patent covering olaparib.
Other Litigation
There are various other pending legal proceedings involving the Company, principally product liability and intellectual property lawsuits. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of such proceedings, in the opinion of the Company, either the likelihood of loss is remote or any reasonably possible loss associated with the resolution of such proceedings is not expected to be material to the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows either individually or in the aggregate.
Legal Defense Reserves
Legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency are accrued when probable and reasonably estimable. Some of the significant factors considered in the review of these legal defense reserves are as follows: the actual costs incurred by the Company; the development of the Company’s legal defense strategy and structure in light of the scope of its litigation; the number of cases being brought against the Company; the costs and outcomes of completed trials and the most current information regarding anticipated timing, progression, and related costs of pre-trial activities and trials in the associated litigation. The amount of legal defense reserves as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 of approximately $
225
million and $
210
million, respectively, represents the Company’s best estimate of the minimum amount of defense costs to be incurred in connection with its outstanding litigation; however, events such as additional trials and other events that could arise in the course of its litigation could affect the ultimate amount of legal defense costs to be incurred by the Company. The Company will continue to monitor its legal defense costs and review the adequacy of the associated reserves and may determine to increase the reserves at any time in the future if, based upon the factors set forth, it believes it would be appropriate to do so.
Environmental Matters
The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to a number of proceedings brought under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, commonly