all
nine
asserted patents. In July 2024, the district court granted Merck’s motion to stay the case in its entirety pending the outcome of the PTAB proceeding instituted in June 2024.
Lynparza
—
As previously disclosed, in December 2022, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP received a Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying AstraZeneca that Natco Pharma Limited (Natco) has filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of Lynparza (olaparib) tablet. In February 2023, AstraZeneca and the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S.
111
Table of Content
s
District Court for the District of New Jersey against Natco. This lawsuit, which asserts one or more patents covering olaparib, automatically stays FDA approval of the generic application until June 2025 or until an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. In May, June, July, and November 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed additional patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Natco asserting additional patents covering olaparib.
In December 2023, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP received a second Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying AstraZeneca that Sandoz Inc. has filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of Lynparza (olaparib) tablet. In February 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Sandoz. This lawsuit, which asserts one or more patents covering olaparib, automatically stays FDA approval of the generic application until June 2026 or until an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. In May, July, and November 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed additional patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Sandoz asserting additional patents covering olaparib.
In May 2024, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP received a third Paragraph IV Certification Letter under the Hatch-Waxman Act notifying AstraZeneca that Cipla USA, Inc. and Cipla Limited (collectively, Cipla) filed an application to the FDA seeking pre-patent expiry approval to sell generic versions of Lynparza (olaparib) tablet. In June 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Cipla. This lawsuit, which asserts one or more patents covering olaparib, automatically stays FDA approval of the generic application until November 2026 or until an adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. In June, July, and November 2024, AstraZeneca and the Company filed additional patent infringement lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against Cipla asserting additional patents covering olaparib.
In November 2024,