The cash flows from these contracts are reported as investing activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
Foreign exchange risk is also managed through the use of foreign currency debt. Certain of the Company’s senior unsecured euro-denominated notes have been designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of the net investment in a foreign operation. Accordingly, foreign currency transaction gains or losses due to spot rate fluctuations on the euro-denominated debt instruments are included in foreign currency translation adjustment within
OCI
.
- 12 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
The effects of the Company’s net investment hedges on
OCI
and the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income are shown below:
(1)
No amounts were reclassified from AOCL into income related to the sale of a subsidiary.
Interest Rate Risk Management
The Company may use interest rate swap contracts on certain investing and borrowing transactions to manage its net exposure to interest rate changes and to reduce its overall cost of borrowing. The Company does not use leveraged swaps and, in general, does not leverage any of its investment activities that would put principal at risk.
At March 31, 2025, the Company was a party to
seven
pay-floating, receive-fixed interest rate swap contracts designated as fair value hedges of a portion of fixed-rate notes as detailed in the table below.
The interest rate swap contracts are designated hedges of the fair value changes in the notes attributable to changes in the benchmark Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) swap rate. The fair value changes in the notes attributable to changes in the SOFR swap rate are recorded in interest expense along with the offsetting fair value changes in the swap contracts. The cash flows from these contracts are reported as operating activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
The table below presents the location of amounts recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges:
Presented in the table below is the fair value of derivatives on a gross basis segregated between those derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments and those that are not designated as hedging instruments:
As noted above, the Company records its derivatives on a gross basis in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has master netting agreements with several of its financial institution counterparties (see
Concentrations of Credit Risk
below).
The following table provides information on the Company’s derivative positions subject to these master
- 13 -
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
(continued)
netting arrangements as if they were presented on a net basis, allowing for the right of offset by counterparty and cash collateral exchanged per the master agreements and related credit support annexes:
The table below