implications of the IRA remain uncertain and subject to various factors, including the manner in which HHS decides to implement the statute. Many experts and analysts, both within the industry and outside, have predicted that the law will harm innovation in the pharmaceutical industry and result in fewer new treatments being developed and approved over time. Merck is working to mitigate the potentially harmful effects that the law could have, which could include a detrimental impact on innovation.
In addition, in 2021, Congress passed the American Rescue Plan Act, which included a provision that eliminates the statutory c
ap on rebates drug manufacturers pay to Medicaid beginning in January 2024. These rebates act as a discount off the list price and eliminating the cap means that manufacturer discounts paid to Medicaid can increase. Prior to this change, manufacturers have not been required to pay more than 100% of the Average Manufacturer Price (AMP) in rebates to state Medicaid programs for Medicaid-covered drugs. As a result of this provision, manufacturers may have to pay state Medicaid programs more in rebates than they received on sales of particular products. This change presents a risk to Merck for drugs that have high Medicaid utilization and rebate exposure that is more than 100% of the AMP.
The Company also faces increasing pricing pressure in the states, which are looking to exert greater influence over the price of prescription drugs. A number of states have passed pharmaceutical price and cost transparency laws. These laws typically require manufacturers to report certain product price information or other financial data to the state. Some laws also require manufacturers to provide advance notification of price increases. The Company expects that states will continue their focus on pharmaceutical pricing and will increasingly shift to more aggressive price control tools such as Prescription Drug Affordability Boards that have the authority to conduct affordability reviews and establish upper payment limits and that Company products may be selected for such reviews. In addition, in 2024, the FDA authorized, for a two-year period, Florida’s application to import prescription drugs from Canada.
Regulatory Changes
The pharmaceutical industry also could be considered a potential source of savings via other legislative and administrative proposals that have been debated but not enacted. These types of revenue generating or cost saving proposals include additional direct price controls.
European Union
Efforts toward health care cost containment remain intense in the European Union (EU). The Company faces competitive pricing pressure resulting from generic and biosimilar drugs. In addition, a majority of countries in the EU attempt to contain drug costs by engaging in reference pricing in which authorities examine pre-determined markets for published prices of drugs. Reference pricing may either compare a product’s prices in other markets