addition, the Company expects U.S. sales of
Keytruda
to decline beginning in January 2028 upon implementation of government pricing under the IRA, and to further decline upon loss of market exclusivity following expiration of the U.S. compound patent in December 2028. The Company expects to lose market exclusivity in Europe for
Keytruda
in 2031 following compound patent expiration. There may, however, be attempts by one or more companies to challenge the patent or launch a biosimilar product despite the patent in some European jurisdictions following the expiration of data exclusivity in Europe in July 2026.
28
Table of Content
s
Key products generate a significant amount of the Company’s profits and cash flows, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.
The Company’s ability to generate profits and operating cash flows depends largely upon the continued profitability of the Company’s key products, such as
Keytruda
,
Gardasil/Gardasil
9, Lynparza,
Bravecto
,
and
Bridion
.
In 2024, the Company’s oncology portfolio, led by
Keytruda
, represented substantially all of the Company’s revenue growth. In particular, in the aggregate, in 2024, sales of
Keytruda
represented
46%
of the Company’s total sales.
As a result of the Company’s dependence on key products, any event that adversely affects any of these products or the markets for any of these products, such as the slowing demand for
Gardasil/Gardasil 9
in China which the Company has experienced, could have a significant adverse impact on results of operations and financial condition. Other events could include loss of patent protection, increased costs associated with manufacturing, generic or over-the-counter availability of the Company’s product or a competitive product, the discovery of previously unknown side effects, results of post-approval trials, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective treatments and discontinuation or removal from the market of the product for any reason. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the sales of any such products.
The Company’s research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and the Company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; consequently, the Company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that lose patent protection.
In order to remain competitive, the Company, like other major pharmaceutical companies, must continue to launch new products. Expected declines in sales of products after the loss of market exclusivity mean that the Company’s future success is dependent on its pipeline of new products, including new products that it may develop through collaborations and joint ventures and products that it is able to obtain through license or acquisition. To accomplish this, the Company commits