terminating
one
additional candidate under the agreement. In July 2024, Merck notified Kelun-Biotech that it was
86
Table of Content
s
exercising an existing license option for
one
of the candidates under the agreement, granting Merck a license for the development, manufacture and commercialization worldwide excluding China. There are now
three
candidates licensed under the original agreement and
one
candidate for which the license option remains unexercised. Merck paid Kelun-Biotech $
38
million in connection with the July option exercise, following which Kelun-Biotech remains eligible to receive future contingent payments aggregating up to $
540
million in development-related payments, $
1.5
billion in regulatory milestones, and $
3.1
billion in sales-based milestones, if Kelun-Biotech does not retain Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau rights for the remaining option ADC and all remaining candidates achieve regulatory approval. In addition, Kelun-Biotech is eligible to receive tiered royalties ranging from a mid-single-digit rate to a low-double-digit rate on future net sales for any commercialized ADC product. Also, in connection with the agreement, Merck invested $
100
million in Kelun-Biotech shares in January 2023.
In January 2023, Merck acquired Imago BioSciences, Inc. (Imago), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new medicines for the treatment of myeloproliferative neoplasms and other bone marrow diseases, for $
1.35
billion (including payments to settle share-based equity awards) and also incurred approximately $
60
million of transaction costs. Imago’s lead candidate, bomedemstat (MK-3543, formerly IMG-7289), which is in Phase 3 clinical development, is an investigational orally available lysine-specific demethylase 1 inhibitor currently being evaluated in multiple clinical trials for the treatment of essential thrombocythemia, myelofibrosis, and polycythemia vera, in addition to other indications. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition since bomedemstat represented substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (excluding cash and deferred income taxes). Merck recorded net assets of $
219
million, as well as a charge of $
1.2
billion to
Research and development
expenses in 2023 related to the transaction. There are no future contingent payments associated with the acquisition.
2022 Transactions
In October 2022, Merck and Royalty Pharma plc (Royalty Pharma) entered into a funding arrangement under which Royalty Pharma paid Merck $
50
million to co-fund Merck’s development costs for a Phase 2b trial of MK-8189, an investigational oral phosphodiesterase 10A (PDE10A) inhibitor, which was being evaluated for the treatment of schizophrenia. As Royalty Pharma was sharing the risk of technical and regulatory success with Merck, the development funding was recognized by Merck as an obligation to perform contractual services. Accordingly, the payment received was recognized by Merck as a