corporate bonds, ABS or synthetic exposures on similar assets through derivatives and issue multiple tranches of debt and equity securities to investors. The Firm underwrites the securities issued in certain CLO transactions on behalf of unaffiliated sponsors and provides advisory services to these unaffiliated sponsors. The Firm sells corporate loans to many of these SPEs, in some cases representing a significant portion of the total assets purchased. Although not obligated, the Firm generally makes a market in the securities issued by SPEs in these transactions and may retain unsold securities. These beneficial interests are included in Trading assets and are measured at fair value.
Equity-Linked Notes
ELN transactions are designed to provide investors with exposure to certain risks related to the specific equity security, equity index or other index. In an ELN transaction, the Firm typically transfers to an SPE either a note issued by the Firm, the payments on which are linked to the performance of a specific equity security, equity index or other index, or debt securities issued by other companies and a derivative contract, the terms of which will relate to the performance of a specific equity security, equity index or other index. These ELN transactions with SPEs were not consolidated at December 31, 2024 or December 31, 2023.
Transferred Assets with Continuing Involvement
RML—Residential mortgage loans
CML—Commercial mortgage loans
1.
Amounts include CLO transactions managed by unrelated third parties.
2.
Amounts include assets transferred by unrelated transferors.
3.
Amounts include transactions where the Firm also holds retained interests as part of the transfer.
The previous tables include transactions with SPEs in which the Firm, acting as principal, transferred financial assets with
continuing involvement and received sales treatment. The transferred assets are carried at fair value prior to securitization, and any changes in fair value are recognized in the income statement. The Firm may act as underwriter of the beneficial interests issued by these securitization vehicles, for which Investment banking revenues are recognized. The Firm may retain interests in the securitized financial assets as one or more tranches of the securitization. Certain retained interests are carried at fair value in the balance sheet with changes in fair value recognized in the income statement. Fair value for these interests is measured using techniques that are consistent with the valuation techniques applied to the Firm’s major categories of assets and liabilities as described in Notes 2 and 4. Further, as permitted by applicable guidance, certain transfers of assets where the Firm’s only continuing involvement is a derivative are only reported in the following Assets Sold with Retained Exposure table.
Proceeds from New Securitization Transactions and Sales of Loans
1.
Net gains on new transactions and sales of corporate loans to CLO entities at the time