Guarantees of Debt Instruments and Warrants Issued by Subsidiaries
Guarantees under Subsidiary Lease Obligations
1.
Amounts primarily relate to the U.K.
Finance Subsidiary
The Parent Company fully and unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by Morgan Stanley Finance LLC, a wholly owned finance subsidiary. No other subsidiary of the Parent Company guarantees these securities.
Resolution and Recovery Planning
As indicated in the Firm’s 2023 resolution plan submitted to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, the Parent Company has entered into an amended and restated support agreement with its material entities (including its wholly owned, direct subsidiary Morgan Stanley Holdings LLC (the “Funding IHC”)) and certain other subsidiaries. Under the amended and restated secured support agreement, in the event of a resolution scenario, the Parent Company would be obligated to contribute all of its contributable assets to its supported entities and/or the Funding IHC. The Funding IHC would be obligated to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to its supported entities. The obligations of the Parent Company and the Funding IHC under the amended and restated support agreement are in most cases secured on a senior basis by the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain other assets) and the assets of the Funding IHC.
Average Balances and Interest Rates and Net Interest Income
Effect of Volume and Rate Changes on Net Interest Income
Average Balances and Interest Rates and Net Interest Income
Effect of Volume and Rate Changes on Net Interest Income
1.
In 2023, interest-bearing Cash and cash equivalents and related interest were presented separately for the first time. The prior year amounts for Customer receivables and Other have been disaggregated to exclude Cash and cash equivalents to align with the current presentation.
2.
Amounts include primarily U.S. balances.
3.
Includes interest paid on Securities purchased under agreements to resell.
4.
Includes fees paid on Securities borrowed.
5.
Average daily balance includes borrowings carried at fair value but, for certain borrowings, interest expense is considered part of fair value and is recorded in Trading revenues.
6.
Includes interest received on Securities sold under agreements to repurchase.
7.
Includes fees received on Securities loaned.
8.
The annualized average rate was calculated using (a) interest expense incurred on all securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities-loaned transactions, whether or not such transactions were reported in the balance sheet and (b) net average on-balance sheet balances, which exclude certain securities-for-securities transactions.
9.
Includes fees received from Equity Financing customers related to their short transactions, which can be under either margin or securities-lending arrangements.
10.
Certain prior-period amounts have been adjusted to conform with the current-period