Firm may request lower quality collateral pledged be replaced with higher quality collateral through collateral substitution rights in the underlying agreements.
The Firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets and also considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. The Firm utilizes shorter term secured financing for highly liquid assets and has established longer tenor limits for less liquid assets, for which funding may be at risk in the event of a market disruption.
Offsetting of Certain Collateralized Transactions
1.
Amounts relate to master netting agreements that have been determined by the Firm to be legally enforceable in the event of default but where certain other criteria are not met in accordance with applicable offsetting accounting guidance.
For information related to offsetting of derivatives, see Note 6.
Gross Secured Financing Balances by Remaining Contractual Maturity
Gross Secured Financing Balances by Class of Collateral Pledged
Carrying Value of Assets Loaned or
Pledged
without Counterparty Right to Sell or Repledge
The Firm pledges certain of its trading assets to collateralize securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities
loaned, other secured financings and derivatives and to cover customer short sales.
Pledged financial instruments that can be sold or repledged by the secured party are identified as Trading assets (pledged to various parties) in the balance sheet. Pledged financial instruments that cannot be sold or repledged by the secured party are included within Trading Assets, but not identified as pledged assets parenthetically in the balance sheet.
Fair Value of Collateral Received with Right to Sell or Repledge
1.
Does not include securities used to meet federal regulations for the Firm’s U.S. broker-dealers.
The Firm receives collateral in the form of securities in connection with securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed, securities-for-securities transactions, derivative transactions, customer margin loans and securities-based lending. In many cases, the Firm is permitted to sell or repledge this collateral to secure securities sold under agreements to repurchase, to enter into securities lending and derivative transactions or to deliver to counterparties to cover short positions.
Securities Segregated for Regulatory Purposes
1.
Securities segregated under federal regulations for the Firm’s U.S. broker-dealers are sourced from Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Trading assets in the balance sheet.
Concentration Based on the Firm’s Total Assets
1.
Other sovereign government obligations included in Trading assets primarily consist of obligations of the U.K., Japan and Brazil.
2.
Collateral received is primarily related to Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed.
The Firm is