Imprecision in estimating unobservable market inputs or other factors can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. The Firm uses various methodologies and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The use of methodologies or assumptions different than those used by the Firm could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. For further information on the
definition of fair value, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3 and related valuation techniques, and quantitative information about and sensitivity of significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements, see Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements.
Where appropriate, valuation adjustments are made to account for various factors, such as liquidity risk (bid-ask adjustments), credit quality, model uncertainty, concentration risk and funding, in order to arrive at fair value. For a further discussion of valuation adjustments that we apply, see Note 2 to the financial statements.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill
We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of July 1 and on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. Evaluating goodwill for impairment requires management to make significant judgments, including, in part, the use of unobservable inputs that are subject to uncertainty. Goodwill impairment tests are performed at the reporting unit level, which is generally at the level of or one level below our business segments. Goodwill no longer retains its association with a particular acquisition once it has been assigned to a reporting unit. As such, all the activities of a reporting unit, whether acquired or organically developed, are available to support the value of the goodwill.
For both the annual and interim tests, we have the option to either (i) perform a quantitative impairment test or (ii) first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, in which case the quantitative test would be performed.
When performing a quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the goodwill impairment loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value, limited by the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
The carrying value of each reporting unit is determined based on the capital allocated to the reporting unit. The estimated fair value of the reporting units is derived based on valuation techniques we believe market participants would use for each of the reporting units. The estimated fair value is generally determined by utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology. In certain instances, we may also utilize methodologies that incorporate price-to-book and price-to-earnings multiples of comparable companies.