it includes the portion of advisory fees that the advisor collects on behalf of third-party distributors. The payment of those fees to the distributor is included in Non-compensation expenses in the income statement.
Asset management and other related fees within the Investment Management segment are primarily generated from Equity, Fixed Income and the following products:
Alternatives and Solutions
. Includes products in fund of funds, real estate, infrastructure, private equity and credit strategies and multi-asset portfolios, as well as systematic strategies that create custom investment solutions.
Liquidity and Overlay Services
. Includes liquidity fund products, as well as overlay services, which represent investment strategies that use passive exposure instruments to obtain, offset or substitute specific portfolio exposures, beyond those provided by the underlying holdings of the fund.
Supplemental Financial Information
U.S. Bank Subsidiaries
Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries accept deposits, provide loans to a variety of customers, including large corporate and institutional clients, as well as high to ultra-high net worth individuals, and invest in securities. Lending activity in our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries from the Institutional Securities business segment primarily includes Secured lending facilities, Commercial and Residential real estate and Corporate loans. Lending activity in our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries from the Wealth Management business segment primarily includes Securities-based lending, which allows clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities, and Residential real estate loans.
For a further discussion of our credit risks, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk” herein. For a further discussion about loans and lending commitments, see Notes 9 and 14 to the financial statements.
U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Supplemental Financial Information
1
1.
Amounts exclude transactions between the bank subsidiaries, as well as deposits from the Parent Company and affiliates.
2.
Represents loans, net of ACL. For a further discussion of loans in the Wealth Management and Institutional Securities business segments, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk” herein.
3.
Other loans primarily include tailored lending. For a further discussion of Other loans, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk” herein.
4.
For further information on deposits, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Funding Management—Balance Sheet—Unsecured Financing” herein.
Other Matters
Deferred Cash-Based Compensation
The Firm sponsors a number of deferred cash-based compensation programs for current and former employees, which generally contain vesting, clawback and cancellation provisions.
Employees are permitted to allocate the value of their deferred awards among a menu of notional investments, whereby the value of their awards will track the performance of the referenced