required to, and reasonably expected to, continually adjust and replenish the amount of collateral securing the instrument to reflect changes in the fair value of such collateral. The Firm has elected to use this approach for certain securities-based loans, margin loans, securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed.
Credit quality indicators considered in developing the ACL include:
•
Corporate loans, secured lending facilities, commercial real estate loans and securities, and other loans: Internal risk ratings developed by the CRM that are refreshed at least annually, and more frequently as necessary. These ratings generally correspond to external ratings published by S&P. The Firm also considers transaction structure, including type of collateral, collateral terms and position of the obligation within the capital structure. In addition, for commercial real estate, the Firm considers property type and location, net operating income and LTV ratios, among other factors, as well as commercial real estate price and credit spread indices and capitalization rates.
•
Residential real estate loans: Loan origination Fair Isaac Corporation (“FICO”) credit scores as determined by independent credit agencies in the U.S. and LTV ratios.
•
Employee loans: Employment status, which includes those currently employed by the Firm and for which the Firm can deduct any unpaid amounts due to it through certain compensation arrangements; and those no longer employed by the Firm where such arrangements are no longer applicable.
Qualitative and environmental factors such as economic and business conditions, the nature and volume of the portfolio,
and lending terms and the volume and severity of past due loans are also considered in the ACL calculations.
Presentation of ACL and Provision for Credit Losses
Nonaccrual
The Firm places financial instruments on nonaccrual status if principal or interest is not expected when contractually due or is past due for a period of 90 days or more unless the obligation is well-secured and is in the process of collection.
For any instrument placed on nonaccrual status, the Firm reverses any unpaid interest accrued with an offsetting reduction to Interest income. Principal and interest payments received on nonaccrual instruments are applied to principal if there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectability of principal. If collection of the principal is not in doubt, interest income is realized on a cash basis. If the instrument is brought current and neither principal nor interest collection is in doubt, instruments can generally return to accrual status, and interest income can be recognized.
ACL Charge-offs
The principal balance of a financial instrument  is charged off in the period it is deemed uncollectible, resulting in a reduction in the ACL and in the balance of the financial instrument in the balance sheet. Accrued interest receivable balances that are separately recorded from the related financial