every employee annually is required to certify to their understanding of and adherence to the Code of Conduct. The Firm’s Global Conduct Risk Management Policy also sets out a consistent global framework for managing conduct risk (i.e., the risk arising from misconduct by employees or contingent workers) and conduct risk incidents at the Firm.
The employee annual performance review process includes evaluation of employee conduct related to risk management practices and the Firm’s expectations. We also have several mutually reinforcing processes to identify employee conduct that may have an impact on employment status, current-year compensation and/or prior-year compensation. For example, the Global Incentive Compensation Discretion Policy sets forth standards for managers when making annual compensation decisions and specifically provides that managers must consider whether their employees effectively managed and/or supervised risk control practices during the performance year. Control function management meets to discuss employees whose conduct is not in line with our expectations. These results are incorporated into identified employees’ performance reviews and compensation and promotion decisions.
The Firm’s clawback and cancellation provisions apply to deferred incentive compensation and cover a broad scope of employee conduct, including any act or omission (including with respect to direct supervisory responsibilities) that constitutes a breach of obligation to the Firm or causes a restatement of the Firm’s financial results, constitutes a violation of the Firm’s global risk management principles, policies and standards, or causes a loss of revenue associated with a position on which the employee was paid and the employee operated outside of risk management policies.
Risk Limits Framework
Risk limits and quantitative metrics provide the basis for monitoring risk-taking activity and avoiding outsized risk taking. Our risk-taking capacity is sized through the Firm’s capital planning process where losses are estimated under the Firm’s BHC Severely Adverse stress testing scenario. We also maintain a comprehensive suite of risk limits and quantitative metrics to support and implement our risk-appetite statement. Our risk limits support linkages between the overall risk appetite, which is reviewed by the Board, and more granular risk-taking decisions and activities.
Risk limits, once established, are reviewed and updated on an annual basis, with more frequent updates as necessary. Board-level risk limits address the most important Firmwide aggregations of risk. Additional risk limits approved by the FRC address more specific types of risk and are bound by the higher-level Board risk limits.
Risk Management Process
In subsequent sections, we discuss our risk management policies and procedures for our primary risks involved in the activities of our Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments. These