acquisitions, divestitures and corporate restructurings.
Within the Wealth Management business segment, these revenues are derived from the distribution of newly issued securities.
Trading
Trading revenues include the realized gains and losses from transactions in financial instruments, unrealized gains and losses from ongoing changes in the fair value of our positions, and gains and losses from financial instruments used to economically hedge compensation expense related to DCP.
Within the Institutional Securities business segment, Trading revenues arise from transactions in cash instruments and derivatives in which we act as a market maker for our clients. In this role, we stand ready to buy, sell or otherwise transact with customers under a variety of market conditions and to provide firm or indicative prices in response to customer requests. Our liquidity obligations can be explicit in some cases, and in others, customers expect us to be willing to transact with them. In order to most effectively fulfill our market-making function, we engage in activities across all of our trading businesses that include, but are not limited to:
•
taking positions in anticipation of, and in response to, customer demand to buy or sell and—depending on the liquidity of the relevant market and the size of the position—to hold those positions for a period of time;
•
building, maintaining and rebalancing inventory held to facilitate client activity through trades with other market participants;
•
managing and assuming basis risk (risk associated with imperfect hedging) between risks incurred from the facilitation of client transactions and the standardized products available in the market to hedge those risks;
•
trading in the market to remain current on pricing and trends; and
•
engaging in other activities to provide efficiency and liquidity for markets.
In many markets, the realized and unrealized gains and losses from purchase and sale transactions will include any spreads between bids and offers. Certain fees received on loans carried at fair value and dividends from equity securities are also recorded in Trading revenues since they relate to positions carried at fair value.
Within the Wealth Management business segment, Trading revenues primarily include revenues from customers’ purchases and sales of fixed income instruments in which we act as principal, as well as gains and losses related to DCP investments.
Investments
Investments revenues are composed of realized and unrealized gains and losses derived from investments, including those associated with employee deferred compensation and co-investment plans. Estimates of the fair value of the investments that produce these revenues may involve significant judgment and may fluctuate significantly over time in light of business, market, economic and financial conditions, generally or in relation to specific transactions.
Within the Institutional Securities segment, gains and losses are primarily from