of certain of the Firm’s fund interests, which are composed of general and limited partnership interests, as well as any related carried interest.
Japanese Securities Joint Venture
The Firm and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (“MUFG”) formed a joint venture in Japan comprising their respective investment banking and securities businesses by forming two joint venture companies, Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd. (“MUMSS”) and Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. (“MSMS”) (collectively, the “Joint Venture”). The Firm owns a
40
% economic interest in the Joint Venture, and MUFG owns the other
60
%.
The Firm’s
40
% voting interest in MUMSS is accounted for under the equity method within the Institutional Securities business segment and is included in the equity method investment balances above. The Firm consolidates MSMS into the Institutional Securities business segment, based on its
51
% voting interest.
The Firm engages in transactions in the ordinary course of business with MUFG and its affiliates; for example, investment banking, financial advisory, sales and trading, derivatives, investment management, lending, securitization and other financial services transactions. Such transactions are on substantially the same terms as those that would be available to unrelated third parties for comparable transactions.
Additionally, during 2024 the Firm further expanded its alliance with MUFG to collaborate in the foreign exchange trading and Japanese research and equity businesses for institutional clients.
Tax Equity Investments
The Firm invests in tax equity investment interests which entitle the Firm to a share of tax credits and other income tax benefits generated by the projects underlying the investments.
Effective January 1, 2024, the Firm made an election to account for certain renewable energy and other tax equity investments programs using the proportional amortization method under newly adopted accounting guidance.
Tax Equity Investments under the Proportional Amortization Method
1.
Amounts include unfunded equity contributions of $
613
million and $
661
million as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The corresponding liabilities for the commitments to fund these equity contributions are recorded in Other liabilities and accrued expenses. The majority of these commitments are expected to be funded within
5
years.
2.
Prior to adoption of the
Investments - Tax Credit Structures
accounting update on January 1, 2024, Renewable energy and other investments were accounted for under the equity method.
3.
At December 31, 2024, this amount excludes $
48
million of tax equity investments within programs for which the Firm elected the proportional amortization method that do not meet the conditions to apply the proportional amortization method, which are accounted for as equity method investments.
Income tax credits and other income tax benefits recognized as well as proportional amortization are included in