common stock, convertible securities and rights offerings.
4.
Includes Rule 144A and publicly registered issuances, non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and taxable municipal debt. Excludes leveraged loans and self-led issuances.
Investment Banking Revenues
Net revenues of $1,559 million in the current quarter increased 8% from the prior year quarter, reflecting higher Fixed Income underwriting and Advisory revenues, partially offset by lower Equity underwriting revenues.
•
Advisory revenues increased on higher completed M&A transactions.
•
Equity underwriting revenues decreased primarily on lower secondary block share trades and initial public offerings.
•
Fixed Income underwriting revenues increased primarily in non-investment grade loan issuances.
While Investment Banking results have shown improvement in recent quarters, we continue to operate in a market environment with lower completed M&A activity relative to longer-term averages. The current economic environment may continue to delay expectations of increased M&A activity.
See “Investment Banking Volumes” herein.
Equity, Fixed Income and Other Net Revenues
Equity and Fixed Income Net Revenues
1.
Includes Commissions and fees and Asset management revenues.
2.
Includes funding costs, which are allocated to the businesses based on funding usage.
3.
Includes Investments and Other revenues.
Equity
Net revenues of $4,128 million in the current quarter  increased 45% compared with the prior year quarter, reflecting an increase in both Execution services and Financing.
•
Financing revenues increased primarily due to higher gains on inventory held to facilitate client activity and increased client activity.
•
Execution services revenues increased primarily due to higher gains on inventory held to facilitate client activity and increased client activity in derivatives and cash equities.
Fixed Income
Net revenues of $2,604 million in the current quarter  increased 5% from the prior year quarter, primarily reflecting an increase in Global macro products, partially offset by a decrease in Commodities and Credit products.
•
Global macro products revenues increased primarily on foreign exchange products due to gains compared with
losses in the prior year quarter on inventory held to facilitate client activity and increased client activity.
•
Credit products revenues decreased primarily due to lower gains on inventory held to facilitate client activity, partially offset by higher lending and securitized products activity.
•
Commodities products and other fixed income revenues decreased primarily due to lower gains on inventory held to facilitate client activity.
Other Net Revenues
Other net revenues were $692 million in the current quarter, compared with $242 million in the prior year quarter, primarily reflecting gains on the sale of corporate loans held-for-sale compared with mark-to-market losses, inclusive of hedges, in the prior year quarter.
Provision for