Waivers
Separately, the Firm’s employees, including its senior officers, may participate on the same terms and conditions as other investors in certain funds that the Firm sponsors primarily for client investment, and the Firm may waive or lower applicable fees and charges for its employees.
Other Expenses—Transaction Taxes
Transaction taxes are composed of securities transaction taxes and stamp duties, which are levied on the sale or purchase of securities listed on recognized stock exchanges in certain markets. These taxes are imposed mainly on trades of equity securities in Asia and EMEA. Similar transaction taxes are levied on trades of listed derivative instruments in certain countries.
Net Revenues by Region
For a discussion about the Firm’s geographic net revenues, see Note 22 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Revenues Recognized from Prior Services
The previous table includes revenues from contracts with customers recognized where some or all services were performed in prior periods. These revenues primarily include investment banking advisory fees.
Receivables from Contracts with Customers
Receivables from contracts with customers, which are included within Customer and other receivables in the balance sheet, arise when the Firm has both recorded revenues and the right per the contract to bill the customer.
Assets by Business Segment
1. Parent assets have been fully allocated to the business segments.
Average Balances and Interest Rates and Net Interest Income
1.
Amounts include primarily U.S. balances.
2.
Includes interest paid on Securities purchased under agreements to resell.
3.
Includes fees paid on Securities borrowed.
4.
Average daily balance includes borrowings carried at fair value but, for certain borrowings, interest expense is considered part of fair value and is recorded in Trading revenues.
5.
Includes interest received on Securities sold under agreements to repurchase.
6.
Includes fees received on Securities loaned.
7.
The annualized average rate was calculated using (a) interest expense incurred on all securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities-loaned transactions, whether or not such transactions were reported in the balance sheet and (b) net average on-balance sheet balances, which exclude certain securities-for-securities transactions.
8.
Includes fees received from Equity Financing customers related to their short transactions, which can be under either margin or securities lending arrangements.
Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Firm conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Firm’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Firm’s disclosure