Investment Management Investments Revenues—Net Cumulative Unrealized Carried Interest
The Firm’s portion of net cumulative performance-based fees in the form of unrealized carried interest, for which the Firm is not obligated to pay compensation, is at risk of reversing when the returns in certain funds fall below specified performance targets. See Note 14 for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received.
Investment Management Asset Management Revenues—Reduction of Fees Due to Fee Waivers
The Firm waives a portion of its fees in the Investment Management business segment from certain registered money market funds that comply with the requirements of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Certain Other Fee Waivers
Separately, the Firm’s employees, including its senior officers, may participate on the same terms and conditions as other investors in certain funds that the Firm sponsors primarily for client investment, and the Firm may waive or lower applicable fees and charges for its employees.
Other Expenses—Transaction Taxes
Transaction taxes are composed of securities transaction taxes and stamp duties, which are levied on the sale or purchase of securities listed on recognized stock exchanges in certain markets. These taxes are imposed mainly on trades of equity securities in Asia and EMEA. Similar transaction taxes are levied on trades of listed derivative instruments in certain countries.
Net Revenues by Region
Income before Provision for Income Taxes
1.
Non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S.
The Firm operates in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. The Firm’s non-U.S. business activities are principally conducted and managed through EMEA and Asia locations. The net revenues disclosed in the previous table reflect the regional view of the Firm’s consolidated net revenues on a managed basis, based on the following methodology:
Institutional Securities
: Client location for advisory and equity underwriting, syndicate desk location for debt underwriting, trading desk location for sales and trading.
Wealth Management
: Americas, where representatives operate.
Investment Management
: Client location, except certain closed-end funds, which are based on asset location.
Revenues Recognized from Prior Services
The previous table includes revenues from contracts with customers recognized where some or all services were
performed in prior periods. These revenues primarily include investment banking advisory fees.
Receivables from Contracts with Customers
Receivables from contracts with customers, which are included within Customer and other receivables in the balance sheet, arise when the Firm has both recorded revenues and the right per the contract to bill the customer.
Assets by Business Segment
1. Parent assets have been fully allocated to the business segments.
Total Assets by Region
23.
Parent