clearing organizations related to credit rating downgrades;
•
Additional collateral that would be required due to collateral substitutions, collateral disputes and uncalled collateral;
•
Discretionary unsecured debt buybacks;
•
Drawdowns on lending commitments provided to third parties; and
•
Client cash withdrawals and reduction in customer short positions that fund long positions.
Liquidity Stress Tests are produced and results are reported at different levels, including major operating subsidiaries and major currencies, to capture specific cash requirements and cash availability across the Firm, including a limited number of asset sales in a stressed environment. The Liquidity Stress
Tests assume that subsidiaries will use their own liquidity first to fund their obligations before drawing liquidity from the Parent Company and that the Parent Company will support its subsidiaries and will not have access to subsidiaries’ liquidity reserves. In addition to the assumptions underpinning the Liquidity Stress Tests, we take into consideration settlement risk related to intraday settlement and clearing of securities and financing activities.
At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we maintained sufficient Liquidity Resources to meet current and contingent funding obligations as modeled in our Liquidity Stress Tests.
Liquidity Resources
We maintain sufficient liquidity resources, which consist of HQLA and cash deposits with banks (“Liquidity Resources”), to cover daily funding needs and to meet strategic liquidity targets sized by the Required Liquidity Framework and Liquidity Stress Tests. We actively manage the amount of our Liquidity Resources considering the following components: unsecured debt maturity profile; balance sheet size and composition; funding needs in a stressed environment, inclusive of contingent cash outflows; legal entity, regional and segment liquidity requirements; regulatory requirements; and collateral requirements.
The amount of Liquidity Resources we hold is based on our risk appetite and is calibrated to meet various internal and regulatory requirements and to fund prospective business activities. The Liquidity Resources are primarily held within the Parent Company and its major operating subsidiaries. The Total HQLA values in the tables immediately following are different from Eligible HQLA, which, in accordance with the LCR rule, also takes into account certain regulatory weightings and other operational considerations.
Liquidity Resources by Type of Investment
1.
HQLA is presented prior to applying weightings and includes all HQLA held in subsidiaries.
2.
Primarily composed of unencumbered French, U.K., Japanese, Italian, German, and Spanish government obligations
Liquidity Resources by Non-Bank and Bank Legal Entities
Liquidity Resources may fluctuate from period to period based on the overall size and composition of our balance sheet, the maturity profile of our unsecured debt, and estimates of funding needs in a