using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse.
The Firm believes the recognized net deferred tax assets (after valuation allowance) at December 31, 2024 are more likely than not to be realized based on expectations as to future taxable income in the jurisdictions in which it operates.
The earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and affiliates are indefinitely reinvested due to regulatory and other capital requirements in foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unrecognized deferred tax liability attributable to indefinitely reinvested earnings is $
405
million and $
302
million, respectively.
Rollforward of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
1.
Represent ending unrecognized tax benefits adjusted for the impact of the federal benefit of state issues, competent authority arrangements and foreign tax credit offsets. If recognized, these net benefits would favorably impact the effective tax rate in future periods.
It is reasonably possible that significant changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months. At this time, however, it is not possible to reasonably estimate the expected change to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits and the impact on the Firm’s effective tax rate over the next 12 months.
Interest Expense (Benefit) and Penalties Associated with Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Net of Federal and State Income Tax Benefits
Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes.
Earliest Tax Year Subject to Examination in Major Tax Jurisdictions
The Firm is routinely under examination by the IRS and other tax authorities in certain countries, such as Japan and the U.K., and in states and localities in which it has significant business operations, such as New York.
The Firm believes that the resolution of these tax examinations will not have a material effect on the annual financial statements, although a resolution could have a material impact in the income statement and on the effective tax rate for any period in which such resolutions occur.
22.
Segment, Geographic and Revenue Information
The Firm structures its segments primarily based upon the nature of the financial products and services provided to customers and its management organization, which is consistent with the approach used by the Firm’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) to assess the Firm’s financial performance. The Firm provides a wide range of financial products and services to its customers in each of its business segments: Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. For a further discussion of the business segments, see Note 1.
Revenues and expenses directly associated with each respective business segment are included in determining its operating results. Other revenues and expenses that are not directly attributable to a particular business