and other factors.
Our Wealth Management business segment balance sheet is asset sensitive, given assets reprice faster than liabilities,
resulting in higher net interest income in higher interest rate scenarios and lower net interest income in lower interest rate scenarios. The level of interest rates may impact the amount of deposits held at the Firm, given competition for deposits from other institutions and alternative cash-equivalent products available to depositors. Further, the level of interest rates could also impact client demand for loans.
Net interest income sensitivity to interest rates at March 31, 2025 decreased from December 31, 2024, primarily driven by the effects of changes in the mix of our assets and liabilities and changes in market rates.
Investments Sensitivity, Including Related Carried Interest
We have exposure to public and private companies through direct investments, as well as through funds that invest in these assets. These investments are predominantly equity positions with long investment horizons, a portion of which is for business facilitation purposes. The market risk related to these investments is measured by estimating the potential reduction in net revenues associated with a reasonably possible 10% decline in investment values and related impact on performance-based income, as applicable. The measures reflected in the table above do not reflect the effect of any economic hedges or diversification that may reduce the risk of loss.
Asset Management Revenue Sensitivity
Certain asset management revenues in the Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments are derived from management fees, which are based on fee-based client assets in Wealth Management or AUM in Investment Management (together, “client holdings”). The assets underlying client holdings are primarily composed of equity, fixed income and alternative investments and are sensitive to changes in related markets. These revenues depend on multiple factors including, but not limited to, the level and duration of a market increase or decline, price volatility, the geographic and industry mix of client assets, and client behavior such as the rate and magnitude of client investments and redemptions. Therefore, overall revenues may not correlate completely with changes in the related markets.
Credit Risk
Credit risk refers to the risk of loss arising when a borrower, counterparty or issuer does not meet its financial obligations to us. We are primarily exposed to credit risk from institutions and individuals through our Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments. For a further discussion of our credit risks, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Loans and Lending Commitments
Total exposure—consists of Total loans, net of ACL, and Lending commitments
1.
FVO includes the fair value of certain unfunded lending commitments.
2.
Investment Management business segment loans