liabilities assumed or due to actions taken by the Firm prior to the sale of the business or assets. The Firm expects the risk of loss associated with indemnities related to the sale of businesses or assets to be remote. The maximum potential amount of future payments that the Firm could be required to make under these indemnifications cannot be estimated.
•
Market Value Guarantees.
Market value guarantees are issued to guarantee timely payment of a specified return to investors in certain affordable housing tax credit funds. These guarantees are designed to return an investor’s contribution to a fund and the investor’s share of tax losses and tax credits expected to be generated by a fund.
•
Exchange/Clearinghouse Member Guarantees.
The Firm is a member of various exchanges and clearinghouses that trade and clear securities and/or derivative contracts. Associated with its membership, the Firm may be required to pay a certain amount as determined by the exchange or the clearinghouse in case of a default of any of its members or pay a proportionate share of the financial obligations of another member that may default on its obligations to the exchange or the clearinghouse. While the rules governing different exchange or clearinghouse memberships and the forms of these guarantees may vary, in general the Firm’s obligations under these rules would arise only if the exchange or clearinghouse had previously exhausted its resources.
In addition, some clearinghouse rules require members to assume a proportionate share of losses resulting from the clearinghouse’s investment of guarantee fund contributions and initial margin and of other losses unrelated to the default of a clearing member, if such losses exceed the specified resources allocated for such purpose by the clearinghouse.
The maximum potential payout under these rules cannot be estimated. The Firm has not recorded any contingent liability in its financial statements for these agreements and believes that any potential requirement to make payments under these agreements is remote.
•
Futures and Over-the-Counter Derivatives Clearing.
The Firm provides clearing services on central counterparty clearinghouses (“CCPs”) for clients that need to clear exchange-traded and OTC derivatives contracts with CCPs. The Firm acts as an agent in its role as clearing member for these client transactions. As such, the Firm does not reflect the underlying exchange-traded or OTC derivatives contracts in its Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 6 for a discussion of the Firm’s derivatives activities that are reflected in its Consolidated Financial Statements.
As a clearing member, the Firm is responsible to the CCP for the performance of its clients, collects cash and securities collateral (margin) as well as any settlement amounts due from or to clients, and remits them to the relevant CCP or client in whole or part. There are two types of margin: (1) variation margin is posted on a daily basis based on the