period is influenced by a variety of factors, including
macroeconomic factors that impact client investment and spending behaviors, seasonality, our ability to attract and retain financial advisors and clients, capital market and corporate activities which may impact the amount of assets in certain client channels, and large idiosyncratic inflows and outflows. These factors have had an impact on our NNA in recent periods. Should these factors continue, the growth rate of our NNA may be impacted.
Advisor-Led Channel
1.
Advisor-led client assets represent client assets in accounts that have a Wealth Management representative assigned.
2.
Fee‐based client assets represent the amount of client assets where the basis of payment for services is a fee calculated on those assets.
3.
Fee-based asset flows include net new fee-based assets (including asset acquisitions), net account transfers, dividends, interest and client fees, and exclude institutional cash management related activity. For a description of the Inflows and Outflows included in Fee-based asset flows, see Fee-based client assets herein.
Self-Directed Channel
1.
Self-directed client assets represent active accounts which are not advisor led. Active accounts are defined as having at least $25 in assets.
2.
Self-directed households represent the total number of households that include at least one active account with self-directed assets. Individual households or participants that are engaged in one or more of our Wealth Management channels are included in each of the respective channel counts.
3.
DARTs represent the total self-directed trades in a period divided by the number of trading days during that period.
Workplace Channel
1
1.
The workplace channel includes equity compensation solutions for companies, their executives and employees.
2.
Stock plan unvested assets represent the market value of public company securities at the end of the period..
3.
Stock plan participants represent total accounts with vested and/or unvested stock plan assets in the workplace channel. Individuals with accounts in multiple plans are counted as participants in each plan.
Net Revenues
Asset Management
Asset management revenues of $4,396 million in the current quarter increased 15% compared with the prior quarter, primarily reflecting higher fee-based assets due to higher
market levels and the cumulative impact of positive fee-based flows.
See “Fee-Based Client Assets Rollforwards” herein.
Transactional Revenues
Transactional revenues of $873 million in the current quarter  decreased 15% compared with the prior year quarter, primarily driven by losses on DCP investments compared with gains in the prior year quarter, partially offset by higher client activity particularly in equity-related transactions.
For further information on the impact of DCP, see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.
Net Interest
Net interest revenues of $1,902 million in the current quarter increased 2% compared with the