business-related investments. Certain investments are subject to sale restrictions.
Within the Investment Management business segment, Investments revenues are primarily from performance-based fees in the form of carried interest, a portion of which is subject to reversal, and gains and losses from investments. The business is entitled to receive carried interest when the return in certain funds exceeds specified performance targets. Additionally, we consolidate certain sponsored Investment Management funds where revenues are primarily attributable to holders of noncontrolling interests.
Commissions and Fees
Commissions and fees result from arrangements in which the client is charged a fee for executing transactions related to securities, services related to sales and trading activities, and sales of other products.
Within the Institutional Securities business segment, commissions and fees include fees earned from market-making activities, such as executing and clearing client transactions on major stock and derivative exchanges, as well as from OTC derivatives.
Within the Wealth Management business segment, commissions and fees arise from client transactions including in equity securities, insurance products, mutual funds, alternative investments, futures and options. Wealth Management also earns revenues from order flow payments
for directing customer orders to broker-dealers, exchanges and market centers for execution
.
Asset Management
Asset management revenues include fees associated with the management and supervision of assets and the distribution of funds and similar products.
Within the Wealth Management business segment, Asset management revenues are related to advisory services
associated with fee-based assets, account service and administration, as well as distribution of products. These revenues are generally based on the net asset value of the account in which a client is invested.
Within the Investment Management business segment, Asset management revenues are primarily composed of fees received from investment vehicles on the basis of assets under management. Performance-based fees, not in the form of carried interest, are earned on certain products and separately managed accounts as a percentage of appreciation in value and, in certain cases, are based upon the achievement of performance criteria. These performance fees are generally recognized on a quarterly or annual basis.
Net Interest
Interest income and Interest expense are functions of the level and mix of total assets and liabilities, including Trading assets and Trading liabilities, Investment securities, Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, Loans, Deposits and Borrowings.
Within the Institutional Securities business segment, Net interest is a function of market-making strategies, client activity, and the prevailing level, term structure and volatility of interest rates. Net interest is