Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley:
Results of Review of Interim Financial Information
We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet of Morgan Stanley and subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of March 31, 2025, and the related condensed consolidated income statements, comprehensive income statements, cash flow statements and statements of changes in total equity for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “interim financial information”). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying interim financial information for it to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Firm as of December 31, 2024, and the related consolidated income statement, comprehensive income statement, cash flow statement and statement of changes in total equity for the year then ended (not presented herein) included in the Firm’s Annual Report on Form 10-K; and in our report dated February 21, 2025, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived.
Basis for Review Results
This interim financial information is the responsibility of the Firm’s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Firm in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.
Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement
(Unaudited)
1.
The Firm adopted the
Investments - Tax Credit Structures
accounting standard update on January 1, 2024. Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K for further information.
2.
See Note 16 for information regarding dividends per share for each class of stock.
1.
Introduction and Basis of Presentation
The Firm
Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm that maintains