stressed environment, among other factors.
Regulatory Liquidity Framework
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio
We and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are required to maintain a minimum LCR and NSFR of 100%.
The LCR rule requires large banking organizations to have sufficient Eligible HQLA to cover net cash outflows arising from significant stress over 30 calendar days, thus promoting the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of banking organizations. In determining Eligible HQLA for LCR purposes, weightings (or asset haircuts) are applied to HQLA, and certain HQLA held in subsidiaries is excluded.
The NSFR rule requires large banking organizations to maintain an amount of available stable funding, which is their regulatory capital and liabilities subject to standardized weightings, equal to or greater than their required stable funding, which is their projected minimum funding needs, over a one-year time horizon.
As of December 31, 2024, we and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are compliant with the minimum LCR and NSFR requirements of 100%.
Liquidity Coverage Ratio
1.
Primarily includes U.S. Treasuries, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, sovereign bonds and investment grade corporate bonds.
Net Stable Funding Ratio
Funding Management
We manage our funding in a manner that reduces the risk of disruption to our operations. We pursue a strategy of diversification of secured and unsecured funding sources (by product, investor and region) and attempt to ensure that the tenor of our liabilities equals or exceeds the expected holding period of the assets being financed. Our goal is to achieve an optimal mix of durable secured and unsecured financing.
We fund our balance sheet on a global basis through diverse sources. These sources include our equity capital, borrowings, bank notes, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities lending, deposits, letters of credit and lines of credit. We have active financing programs for both standard and structured products targeting global investors and currencies.
Treasury allocates interest expense to our businesses based on the tenor and interest rate profile of the assets being funded. Treasury similarly allocates interest income to businesses carrying deposit products and other liabilities across the businesses based on the characteristics of those deposits and other liabilities.
Secured Financing
The liquid nature of the marketable securities and short-term receivables arising principally from sales and trading activities in the Institutional Securities business segment provides us with flexibility in managing the composition of our balance sheet. Secured financing investors principally focus on the quality of the eligible collateral posted. Accordingly, we actively manage our secured financings based on the quality of the assets being funded.
We have established longer-tenor secured funding requirements for less liquid asset classes, for which funding
may be at risk in