surcharge and CCyB.
Risk-Based Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements
1.
Required ratios represent the regulatory minimum plus the capital buffer requirement.
Risk-Weighted Assets.
RWA reflects both our on- and off-balance sheet risk, as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from the following:
•
Credit risk: The failure of a borrower, counterparty or issuer to meet its financial obligations to us;
•
Market risk: Adverse changes in the level of one or more market prices, rates, spreads, indices, volatilities,
correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity; and
•
Operational risk: Inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events (
e.g.
, fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets).
Our risk-based capital ratios are computed under each of (i) the Standardized Approach and (ii) the Advanced Approach. The credit risk RWA calculations between the two approaches differ in that the Standardized Approach requires calculation of RWA using prescribed risk weights and exposure methodologies, whereas the Advanced Approach utilizes models to calculate exposure amounts and risk weights. At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the differences between the actual and required ratios were lower under the Standardized Approach.
Leverage-Based Regulatory Capital.
Leverage-based capital requirements include a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%, a minimum SLR of 3% and an enhanced SLR capital buffer of at least 2%.
CECL Deferral.
Beginning on January 1, 2020, we elected to defer the effect of the adoption of CECL on our risk-based and leverage-based capital amounts and ratios, as well as our RWA, adjusted average assets and supplementary leverage exposure calculations, over a five-year transition period. The deferral impacts began to phase in at 25% per year from January 1, 2022 and were phased-in at 75% from January 1, 2024. The deferral impacts were fully phased-in from January 1, 2025.
Regulatory Capital Ratios
Risk-based capital
1.
Required ratios are inclusive of any buffers applicable as of the date presented.
Leveraged-based capital
1.
Adjusted average assets represents the denominator of the Tier 1 leverage ratio and is composed of the average daily balance of consolidated on-balance sheet assets for the quarters ending on the respective balance sheet dates, reduced by disallowed goodwill, intangible assets, investments in covered funds, defined benefit pension plan assets, after-tax gain on sale from assets sold into securitizations, investments in our own capital instruments, certain deferred tax assets and other capital deductions.
2.
Supplementary leverage exposure is the sum of Adjusted average assets used in the Tier 1 leverage ratio and other adjustments, primarily: (i) for derivatives, potential future exposure and the effective notional principal amount of sold credit protection offset by qualifying purchased credit protection;