balance sheet date.
We are in compliance with all TLAC requirements as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
For a further discussion of TLAC and related requirements, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer
The Federal Reserve has capital planning and stress test requirements for large BHCs, which form part of the Federal Reserve’s annual CCAR framework.
We must submit, on at least an annual basis, a capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking into account the results of separate annual stress tests designed by us and the Federal Reserve, so that the Federal Reserve may assess our systems and processes that incorporate forward-looking projections of revenues and losses to monitor and maintain our internal capital adequacy. As banks with less than $250 billion of total assets, our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are not subject to company-run stress test regulatory requirements.
As part of its annual capital supervisory stress testing process, the Federal Reserve determines an SCB for each large BHC, including us.
Our SCB will remain at 6.0% through September 30, 2025. Together with other features of the regulatory capital framework, this SCB resulted in an aggregate Standardized Approach Common Equity Tier 1 required ratio of 13.5%.
For the 2025 capital planning and stress test cycle, we submitted our capital plan and company-run stress test results
to the Federal Reserve on April 7, 2025. The Federal Reserve is expected to publish summary results of the CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests of each large BHC, including us, by June 30, 2025. We are required to disclose a summary of the results of our company-run stress tests within 15 days of the date the Federal Reserve discloses the results of the supervisory stress tests.
For additional information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework
Our required capital (“Required Capital”) estimation is based on the Required Capital framework, an internal capital adequacy measure. Common equity attribution to the business segments is based on capital usage calculated under the Required Capital framework, as well as each business segment’s relative contribution to our total Required Capital.
The Required Capital framework is a risk-based and leverage-based capital measure, which is compared with our regulatory capital to ensure that we maintain an amount of going concern capital after absorbing potential losses from stress events, where applicable, at a point in