maturity of one year or more from the date of issuance; and not contain certain embedded features, such as a principal or redemption amount subject to reduction based on the performance of an asset, entity or index, or a similar feature. In addition, the requirements provide permanent grandfathering for debt instruments issued prior to December 31, 2016 that would be eligible LTD but for having impermissible acceleration clauses or being governed by foreign law.
A covered BHC is also required to maintain minimum external TLAC equal to the greater of (i) 18% of total RWA or (ii) 7.5% of its total leverage exposure (the denominator of its SLR). Covered BHCs must also meet a minimum external LTD requirement equal to the greater of (i) total RWA multiplied by the sum of 6% plus the higher of the Method 1 or Method 2 G-SIB capital surcharge applicable to the Parent Company or (ii) 4.5% of its total leverage exposure.
TLAC buffer requirements are imposed on top of both the risk-based and leverage exposure-based external TLAC minimum requirements. The risk-based TLAC buffer is equal to the sum of 2.5%, our Method 1 G-SIB surcharge and the CCyB, if any, as a percentage of total RWA. The leverage exposure-based TLAC buffer is equal to 2% of our total leverage exposure. Failure to maintain the buffers would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers.
Required and Actual TLAC and Eligible LTD Ratios
1.
Required ratios are inclusive of applicable buffers.
2.
External TLAC consists of CET1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital (each excluding any noncontrolling minority interests), as well as eligible LTD.
3.
Consists of TLAC-eligible LTD reduced by 50% for amounts of unpaid principal due to be paid in more than one year but less than two years from each respective balance sheet date.
Furthermore, under the clean holding company requirements, a covered BHC is prohibited from incurring any external debt with an original maturity of less than one year or certain other liabilities, regardless of whether the liabilities are fully secured or otherwise senior to eligible LTD, or entering into certain other prohibited transactions. Certain other external liabilities, including those with certain embedded features noted above, are subject to a cap equal to 5% of the covered BHC’s outstanding external TLAC amount. Additionally, as of April 1, 2021, we and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are required to make certain deductions from regulatory capital for investments in certain unsecured debt instruments (including eligible LTD in the TLAC framework) issued by the Parent Company or other G-SIBs.
We are in compliance with all TLAC requirements as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.
Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer
The Federal Reserve has capital planning and stress test requirements for large BHCs,