compensation expenses in the income statement.
For a description of the asset classes in the previous tables, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business Segments—Investment Management—Assets Under Management or Supervision” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Supplemental Financial Information
U.S. Bank Subsidiaries
Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, Morgan Stanley Bank N.A. (“MSBNA”) and Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association (“MSPBNA”) (together, “U.S. Bank Subsidiaries”), accept deposits, provide loans to a variety of customers, including large corporate and institutional clients, as well as high to ultra-high net worth individuals, and invest in securities. Lending activity in our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries from the Institutional Securities business segment primarily includes Secured lending facilities, Commercial and Residential real estate and Corporate loans. Lending activity in our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries from the Wealth Management business segment primarily includes Securities-based lending, which allows clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities, and Residential real estate loans.
For a further discussion of our credit risks, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk” herein. For a further discussion about loans and lending commitments, see Notes 9 and 13 to the financial statements.
U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Supplemental Financial Information
1
1.
Amounts exclude transactions between the bank subsidiaries, as well as deposits from the Parent Company and affiliates.
2.
Represents loans, net of ACL. For a further discussion of loans in the Wealth Management and Institutional Securities business segments, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk” herein.
3.
Other loans primarily include tailored lending. For a further discussion of Other loans, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk” herein.
4.
For further information on deposits, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Funding Management—Balance Sheet—Unsecured Financing” herein.
Accounting Development Updates
The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued certain accounting updates that apply to us. Accounting updates not referenced below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or to not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations upon adoption.
We continue to evaluate accounting updates disclosed in the “Accounting Development Updates” section of the 2024 Form 10-K, including the implementation of the Income Tax Disclosures accounting update, and do not expect a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations upon adoption.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions (see Note 1 to the financial statements). We believe that of our significant accounting policies