banks, registered investment advisers, digital investing platforms, traditional and alternative asset managers, financial technology firms and other companies offering financial and ancillary services in the U.S. and globally. In addition, restrictive laws and regulations applicable to certain global financial services institutions, which have been increasing in complexity and volume, may prohibit us from engaging in certain transactions, impose more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, and increase costs, and can put us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors in certain businesses not subject to these same requirements. See also “Supervision and Regulation” herein and “Risk Factors.”
There is increased competition in the U.S. and globally driven by established financial services firms and emerging firms, including non-financial companies and business models focusing on technology innovation, competing for the same clients and assets, or offering similar products and service
s to retail and institutional customers.
It is also possible that competition may become even more intense as we continue to compete with financial or other institutions that may be, or may become, larger, or better capitalized, or may have a stronger local presence and longer operating history in certain geographies or products. Many of these firms have the ability to offer a wide range of products and services through different platforms that may enhance their competitive position and could result in additional pricing pressure on our businesses.
Our ability to access capital at competitive rates (which is generally impacted by, among other things, our credit spreads and ratings) and to commit and deploy capital efficiently, particularly in our more capital-intensive businesses within our Institutional Securities business segment, including underwriting and sales, financing and market-making activities, also affects our competitive position. We expect clients to continue to request that we provide loans or lending commitments in connection with certain investment banking activities.
We also continue to experience price competition in our Institutional Securities business segment’s products. In particular, the ability to execute securities, derivatives and other financial instrument trades electronically on exchanges, swap execution facilities and other automated trading platforms, and the introduction and application of new technologies will likely continue the pressure on our revenues. The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets will likely continue as additional markets move to automated trading platforms.
Our Wealth Management business segment is primarily in the U.S., and our ability to effectively compete against many of our competitors across different channels (i.e., advisory led,
workplace and digital direct) is affected by multiple factors including our brand and reputation, the breadth, depth and pricing of our product offerings