common stock. The Firm also operates an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) which allows eligible employees of the Firm to purchase shares of Morgan Stanley at a discount.
Employee Stock Trusts
In connection with certain stock-based compensation plans, the Firm has established employee stock trusts to provide, at its discretion, common stock voting rights to certain RSU holders. Following the grant of an RSU award, when a stock trust is utilized, the Firm contributes shares to be held in the stock trust until the RSUs convert to common shares. The assets of the employee stock trusts are consolidated with those of the Firm and are generally accounted for in a manner similar to treasury stock, where the shares of common stock outstanding reported in Common stock issued to employee stock trusts are offset by an equal amount reported in Employee stock trusts in the balance sheet.
The Firm uses the grant-date fair value of stock-based compensation as the basis for recording the movement of the assets to or from the employee stock trusts. Changes in the fair value are not recognized as the Firm’s stock-based compensation must be settled by delivery of a fixed number of shares of the Firm’s common stock.
Deferred Cash-Based Compensation
Compensation expense for DCP awards is calculated based on the notional value of the award granted, adjusted for changes in the fair value of the referenced investments that employees select. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period relevant to each separately vesting portion of deferred awards.
The Firm invests directly, as a principal, in financial instruments and other investments to economically hedge certain of its obligations under its DCP. Changes in the value of such investments are recorded in Trading revenues and Investments revenues. Although changes in compensation expense resulting from changes in the fair value of the referenced investments will generally be offset by changes in the fair value of investments made by the Firm, there is typically a timing difference between the immediate recognition of gains and losses on the Firm’s investments and the deferred recognition of the related compensation expense over the vesting period.
Retirement-Eligible Employee Compensation
For year-end stock-based awards and DCP awards anticipated to be granted to retirement-eligible employees under award terms that do not contain a future service requirement, the Firm accrues the estimated cost of the awards over the course of the calendar year preceding the grant date, which reflects the period over which the compensation is earned.
Carried Interest Compensation
The Firm generally recognizes compensation expense for any portion of carried interest (both realized and unrealized) that is allocated to employees. For information on performance-based fees in the form of carried interest, which are directly related to carried interest compensation, see “Revenue Recognition—Carried Interest” herein.
Income