assets to collateralize securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities loaned, other secured financings and derivatives and to cover customer short sales.
Pledged financial instruments that can be sold or repledged by the secured party are identified as Trading assets (pledged as collateral) in the balance sheet. Pledged financial instruments that cannot be sold or repledged by the secured party are included within Trading Assets, but not identified as pledged assets parenthetically in the balance sheet.
Fair Value of Collateral Received with Right to Sell or Repledge
1.
Does not include securities used to meet federal regulations for the Firm’s U.S. broker-dealers.
The Firm receives collateral in the form of securities in connection with securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed, securities-for-securities transactions, derivative transactions, customer margin loans and securities-based lending. In many cases, the Firm is permitted to sell or repledge this collateral to secure securities sold under agreements to repurchase, to enter into securities lending and derivative transactions or to deliver to counterparties to cover short positions.
Securities Segregated for Regulatory Purposes
1.
Securities segregated under federal regulations for the Firm’s U.S. broker-dealers are sourced from Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Trading assets in the balance sheet.
Customer Margin and Other Lending
The Firm provides margin lending arrangements that allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying securities. Receivables from these arrangements are included within Customer and other receivables in the balance sheet. Under these arrangements, the Firm receives collateral, which includes U.S. government and agency securities, other sovereign government obligations, corporate and other debt, and corporate equities. Margin loans are collateralized by customer-owned securities held by the Firm. The Firm monitors required margin levels and established credit terms daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, requires customers to deposit additional collateral, or reduce positions, when necessary.
For a further discussion of the Firm’s margin lending activities, see Note 8 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Also included in the amounts in the previous table is non-purpose securities-based lending on entities in the Wealth Management business segment.
Other Secured Financings
The Firm has additional secured liabilities. For a further discussion of other secured financings, see Note 12.
Additionally, for certain secured financing transactions that meet applicable netting criteria, the Firm offset Other secured financing liabilities against financing receivables recorded within Trading assets in the amount of $
1,896
million and $
437
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
9.
Loans, Lending Commitments and Related Allowance for Credit Losses
Loans by Type
For