further interest rate actions present ongoing risks to the economic environment. These factors have impacted, and could continue to impact capital markets and our businesses, as discussed further in “Business Segments” herein.
For more information on economic and market conditions, and the potential effects of geopolitical events and acts of war or aggression on our future results, refer to “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Statements.”
Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information
We prepare our financial statements using U.S. GAAP. From time to time, we may disclose certain “non-GAAP financial measures” in this document or in the course of our earnings releases, earnings and other conference calls, financial presentations, definitive proxy statements and other public disclosures. A “non-GAAP financial measure” excludes, or includes, amounts from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We consider the non-GAAP financial measures we disclose to be useful to us, investors, analysts and other stakeholders by providing further transparency about, or an alternate means of assessing or comparing our financial condition, operating results and capital adequacy.
These measures are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, U.S. GAAP and may be different from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. Whenever we refer to a non-GAAP financial measure, we will also generally define it or present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, along with a reconciliation of the differences between the U.S. GAAP financial measure and the non-GAAP financial measure.
We present certain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of mark-to-market gains and losses, net of financing costs on DCP investments from net revenues. We also exclude the impact of mark-to-market gains and losses on DCP from compensation expenses. The impact of DCP investments and DCP are primarily reflected in our Wealth Management business segment results. These measures allow for better comparability of period-to-period underlying operating performance and revenue trends. By excluding the impact of these items, we are better able to describe the business drivers and resulting impact to net revenues and
corresponding change to the associated compensation expenses. For additional information on DCP, refer to “Other Matters” herein.
Tangible common equity is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe analysts, investors and other stakeholders consider useful to allow for comparability to peers and of the period-to-period use of our equity. The calculation of tangible common equity represents common shareholders’ equity less goodwill and intangible assets net of allowable mortgage servicing rights deduction. In addition, we believe that certain ratios that utilize tangible common equity, such as return on average tangible common equity (“ROTCE”)