commercial real estate loans includes, but is not limited to, review of the property type, LTV ratio, occupancy levels, debt service ratio, prevailing capitalization rates and market dynamics.
The evaluation of consumer borrowers is tailored to the specific type of lending. Securities-based loans are evaluated based on factors that include, but are not limited to, the amount of the loan and the amount, quality, diversification, price volatility and liquidity of the collateral. The underwriting of residential real estate loans includes, but is not limited to, review of the obligor’s debt-to-income ratio, net worth, liquidity, collateral, LTV ratio and industry standard credit-scoring models (e.g., FICO scores). Subsequent credit monitoring for individual loans is performed at the portfolio level, and collateral values are monitored on an ongoing basis.
Credit risk metrics assigned to our borrowers during the evaluation process are incorporated into the CRM maintenance of the allowance for credit losses. Such allowance serves as a reserve for expected inherent losses, as well as expected losses related to loans identified as impaired.
For more information on the allowance for credit losses, see Notes 2 and 9 to the financial statements.
Risk Mitigation
We may seek to mitigate credit risk from our lending and trading activities in multiple ways, including collateral provisions, guarantees and hedges. At the transaction level, we seek to mitigate risk through management of key risk elements such as size, tenor, financial covenants, seniority and collateral. We actively hedge our lending and derivatives exposures. Hedging activities consist of the purchase, sale or transfer of positions in related securities and financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products (e.g., futures, forwards, swaps and options). Additionally, we may sell, assign or syndicate loans and lending commitments to other financial institutions in the primary and secondary loan markets.
In connection with our derivatives trading activities, we generally enter into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties. These agreements provide us with the ability to demand collateral, as well as to liquidate collateral and offset receivables and payables covered under the same master agreement in the event of a counterparty default. A collateral management group monitors collateral levels against requirements and oversees the administration of the collateral function. See Note 8 to the financial statements for additional information about our collateralized transactions.
Loans and Lending Commitments
Total exposure—consists of Total loans, net of ACL, and Lending commitments
1.
FVO includes the fair value of certain unfunded lending commitments.
2.
Investment Management business segment loans are related to certain of our activities as an investment adviser and manager. Loans held at fair value are the result of the consolidation of investment