additional information on DCP, refer to “Other Matters” herein.
The factors that drive compensation for our employees vary from period to period, from segment to segment and within a segment. For certain revenue-producing employees in the Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments, compensation is largely paid on the basis of formulaic payouts that link employee compensation to revenues. Compensation for other employees, including revenue-producing employees in the Institutional Securities business segment and employees in corporate support functions, include base salary and benefits and may also include incentive compensation that is determined following the assessment of the performance of the Firm, business unit and individual.
Income Taxes
The Income tax provision for our business segments is generally determined based on the revenues, expenses and activities directly attributable to each business segment. Certain items have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues or other relevant measures.
Institutional Securities
Income Statement Information
Investment Banking
Investment Banking Volumes
Source: LSEG Data & Risk Analytics (formerly known as Refinitiv) as of January 2, 2025. Transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. In addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal, change in value or change in timing of certain transactions.
1.
Includes transactions of $100 million or more. Based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction.
2.
Based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers.
3.
Includes Rule 144A issuances and registered public offerings of common stock, convertible securities and rights offerings.
4.
Includes Rule 144A and publicly registered issuances, non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and taxable municipal debt. Excludes leveraged loans and self-led issuances.
Investment Banking Revenues
Net revenues of $6,170 million in 2024 increased 35% compared with the prior year, reflecting an increase in underwriting and Advisory revenues.
•
Advisory revenues increased primarily due to higher completed M&A transactions.
•
Equity underwriting revenues increased primarily on higher initial public offerings and follow-on offerings.
•
Fixed income underwriting revenues increased primarily reflecting higher bond issuances, non-investment grade loan issuances and securitized products revenues.
While Investment Banking results improved from the prior year, we continue to operate in a market environment with lower completed M&A activity relative to longer-term averages.
See “Investment Banking Volumes” herein.
Equity, Fixed Income and Other Net Revenues
Equity and Fixed Income Net Revenues
1.
Includes Commissions and fees and Asset management revenues.
2.
Includes funding costs,