value of clients’ derivative contracts and (2) initial margin is posted at inception of a derivative contract, generally on the basis of the potential changes in the variation margin requirement for the contract.
As a clearing member, the Firm is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by its clients to CCPs but is not liable to clients for the performance of the CCPs. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its risk to the client through the collection of appropriate amounts of margin at inception and throughout the life of the transactions. In the event of nonperformance by a client, the Firm would close out the client’s positions and access available margin. The CCP would utilize any margin it holds to make itself whole, with any remaining shortfalls required to be paid by the Firm as a clearing member.It is difficult to estimate the Firm’s maximum possible exposure through its role as a clearing member as it depends on the nature and volume of client's future transactions, market conditions and potential client defaults. However, based upon historical experience, the Firm’s exposure is significantly mitigated by the credit risk mitigants available to the Firm. As a result, management believes that the risk of material loss to the Firm is expected to be remote.
•
Merger and Acquisition Guarantees.
The Firm may, from time to time, in its role as investment banking advisor be required to provide guarantees in connection with certain European merger and acquisition transactions. If required by the regulating authorities, the Firm provides a guarantee that the acquirer in the transaction has or will have sufficient funds to complete the transaction and would then be required to make the acquisition payments in the event the acquirer’s funds are insufficient at the completion date of the transaction. These arrangements generally cover the time frame from the transaction offer date to its closing date
and, therefore, are generally short term in nature. The Firm believes the likelihood of any payment by the Firm under these arrangements is remote given the level of its due diligence in its role as investment banking advisor.
In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the Firm guarantees the debt and/or certain trading obligations (including obligations associated with derivatives, foreign exchange contracts and the settlement of physical commodities) of certain subsidiaries. These guarantees generally are entity or product specific and are required by investors or trading counterparties. The activities of the Firm’s subsidiaries covered by these guarantees (including any related debt or trading obligations) are included in the financial statements.
Finance Subsidiary
The Parent Company fully and unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by Morgan Stanley Finance LLC, a wholly owned finance subsidiary. No other subsidiary of the Parent Company guarantees these securities.
Contingencies
Legal
In addition to the matters described below, in