condition in the near term, is an overarching risk that can impact other categories of risk. Physical risk may lead to increased credit risk by diminishing borrowers’ repayment capacity or impacting the value of collateral. In addition, physical risk could pose increased operational risk to our facilities and people. The impacts of transition risk may lead to and amplify credit or liquidity risk by reducing our customers’ operating income or the value of their assets as well as exposing us to reputational, compliance and/or litigation risk due to increased legal and regulatory scrutiny or negative public sentiment.
As climate risk is interconnected with other risk types, we have developed and continue to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management practices and governance structures. The BRC oversees Firmwide risks, which include climate risk, and, as part of its oversight, receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk, including our approaches toward scenario analysis and integration of climate risk into our existing risk management processes. Our climate risk management efforts are overseen by the Climate Risk Committee, which is co-chaired by our Chief Risk Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer and shapes our approach to managing climate-related risks in line with our overall risk framework.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley:
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Morgan Stanley and subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated income statements, comprehensive income statements, cash flow statements and statements of changes in total equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Firm as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 21, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Firm’s management. Our responsibility is to express an