internal use). Premises, equipment and capitalized software costs are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization and are included in Other assets in the balance sheet. Depreciation and amortization are provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.
Estimated Useful Life of Assets
Premises, equipment and capitalized software costs are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
The Firm tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. The Firm tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is generally at the level of or one level below the Firm’s operating segments. The Firm’s operating segments are equivalent to its business segments. The Firm tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the aggregate level of management contracts. For both the annual and interim tests, the Firm has the option to either (i) perform a quantitative impairment test or (ii) first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, in which case, the quantitative test would be performed.
When performing a quantitative impairment test of goodwill, the Firm compares the fair value of the reporting unit with the carrying amount. If the fair value is less than the carrying amount, the impairment loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value, limited to the carrying amount of goodwill within the reporting unit.
When performing a quantitative impairment test of indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Firm compares the fair value of the assets with the carrying amount. If the fair value is less than the carrying amount, the impairment loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value, limited to the carrying amount of the assets.
The estimated fair values used in the quantitative impairment tests of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are derived based on valuation techniques the Firm believes market participants would use. The estimated fair values are generally determined by utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology or methodologies that incorporate price-to-book and price-to-earnings multiples of certain comparable companies for goodwill impairment testing.
Intangible assets with a finite life are amortized over their estimated useful life and are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis to assess whether impairment indicators are
present. Impairment losses are recorded within Other expenses in the income statement.
Earnings per Common Share
Basic EPS is computed by dividing earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Earnings