of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis and Level 3 loans held for sale as a critical audit matter given the Firm uses complex valuation models and/or valuation inputs that are not observable in the marketplace to determine the respective carrying values. Performing our audit procedures to evaluate the appropriateness of these models and inputs involved a high degree of auditor judgment, professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, and an increased extent of testing.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the valuation of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis and Level 3 loans held for sale included the following, among others:
•
We tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Firm’s model review and price verification controls. The Firm maintains these internal controls to assess the appropriateness
of its valuation methodologies and the relevant inputs and assumptions.
•
We independently evaluated the appropriateness of management’s valuation methodologies, for selected financial instruments, including the input assumptions, considering the expected assumptions of other market participants and external data when available.
•
We developed independent estimates for selected financial instruments, using externally sourced inputs and independent valuation models, and used such estimates to further evaluate management’s estimates. For certain of our selected financial instruments, this included a comparison to the Firm’s estimates for similar transactions and an evaluation of the Firm’s assumptions inclusive of the inputs, as applicable.
•
We tested the revenues arising from the trade date fair value estimates for selected structured transactions for which we developed independent fair value estimates to test the valuation inputs and assumptions used by the Firm and evaluated whether these methods were consistent with the Firm’s relevant valuation policies.
•
We assessed the consistency by which management has applied significant and unobservable valuation assumptions used in developing the Firm's estimates.
•
We performed a retrospective assessment of management’s fair value estimates for certain of our selected financial instruments, for which there were events or transactions occurring after the valuation date. We did so by comparing management’s estimates to the relevant evidence provided by such events or transactions, as applicable.
/s/
Deloitte & Touche LLP
New York, New York
February 21, 2025
We have served as the Firm’s auditor since 1997.
1.
2023
amounts have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation. See Note 2 for additional information.
Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement
1.
The Firm adopted the
Investments - Tax Credit Structures
accounting standard update on January 1, 2024. Refer to Note 2 for further information.
2.
See Note 17 for information