engaging in certain banking and other financial activities both in the U.S. and internationally.
The BHC Act grandfathers “activities related to the trading, sale or investment in commodities and underlying physical properties,” provided that we were engaged in “any of such activities as of September 30, 1997 in the U.S.” and provided that certain other conditions that are within our reasonable control are satisfied. We currently engage in our commodities activities pursuant to the BHC Act grandfather exemption, as well as other authorities under the BHC Act.
Activities Restrictions under the Volcker Rule.
The Volcker Rule prohibits banking entities, including us and our affiliates, from engaging in certain proprietary trading activities, as defined in the Volcker Rule, subject to exemptions for underwriting, market-making, risk-mitigating hedging and certain other activities. The Volcker Rule also prohibits certain investments and relationships by banking entities with covered funds, as defined in the Volcker Rule, subject to a number of exemptions and exclusions.
Capital Requirements.
The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements largely based on the Basel III capital standards established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“Basel Committee”), including well-capitalized standards, for large BHCs and evaluates our compliance with such requirements. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) establishes similar capital requirements and standards for Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (“MSBNA”) and Morg
an Stanley Private Bank, National Association (“MSPBNA”) (together, our “U.S. Bank Subsidiaries”).
The
Federal Reserve, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) and the OCC (collectively, “
U.S. banking agencies
”)
have proposed a comprehe
nsive set of revisions to their capital requirements based on changes to the Basel III capital standards finalized by the Basel Committee. The impact on us of any revisions to the capital requirements is uncertain and depends on the adoption of final rulemakings by the U.S. banking agencies. For additional information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Regulatory Developments and Other Matters—Basel III Endgame Proposal.”
In addition, many of our regulated subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including regulated subsidiaries registered as swap dealers with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) or conditionally registered as security-based swap dealers with
the SEC or registered as broker-dealers or futures commission merchants.
For more information about the specific capital requirements applicable to us and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, as well as our subsidiaries that are broker-dealers, swap dealers and security-based swap dealers, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and