influenced by the level, relative mix of AUM and related fee rates. While higher market levels drove increases in average AUM in the current year period, there were continued net outflows in the Equity asset class, which may be influenced by the structure and performance of our investment strategies and products relative to their benchmarks, offset by higher net inflows in the Alternatives and Solutions and Fixed Income asset classes reflecting client preferences. To the extent these conditions continue, we would expect our Asset management revenue to continue to be impacted.
See “Assets Under Management or Supervision” herein.
Performance-based Income and Other
Performance-based income and other revenues increased to $234 million in 2024, from $139 million in the prior year, primarily due to higher accrued carried interest in infrastructure and real estate funds, partially offset by lower accrued carried interest in certain private equity funds.
Non-Interest Expenses
Non-interest expenses of $4,724 million in 2024 increased 4% from the prior year, as a result of higher Non-compensation and Compensation and benefits expenses.
•
Compensation and benefits expenses increased primarily due to higher compensation associated with carried interest.
•
Non-compensation expenses increased primarily due to higher distribution expenses on higher AUM.
Assets Under Management or Supervision Rollforwards
1.
Inflows represent investments or commitments from new and existing clients in new or existing investment products, including reinvestments of client dividends and increases in invested capital. Inflows exclude the impact of exchanges, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class.
2.
Outflows represent redemptions from clients’ funds, transition of funds from the committed capital period to the invested capital period and decreases in invested capital. Outflows exclude the impact of exchanges, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class.
3.
Market impact includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments. This excludes any funds where market impact does not impact management fees.
4.
Other contains both distributions and foreign currency impact for all periods. Distributions represent decreases in invested capital due to returns of capital after the investment period of a fund. It also includes fund dividends that the client has not reinvested. Foreign currency impact reflects foreign currency changes for non-U.S. dollar denominated funds.
5.
In 2023, our Retail Municipal and Corporate Fixed Income business (“FIMS”) was combined with our Parametric retail customized solutions business. The impact of the change was a $6 billion movement in AUM from Fixed Income to the Alternatives and Solutions asset class included in Other.
Average AUM
Average Fee Rates
1
1.
Based on Asset management revenues, net of waivers, excluding performance-based fees and other non-management fees. For certain non-U.S. funds,