projected future compensation obligation. Our projected future compensation obligation and expense for DCP for performance years 2024 and prior are forward-looking statements subject to uncertainty. Actual results may be materially affected by various factors, including, among other things: the performance of each participant’s referenced investments; changes in market conditions; participants’ allocation of their deferred awards; and participant cancellations or accelerations. See “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” for additional information.
For further information on the Firm’s deferred stock-based plans and carried interest compensation, which are excluded from the previous tables, see Notes 2 and 19 to the financial statements.
Accounting Development Updates
The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued certain accounting updates that apply to us. Accounting updates not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or to not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations upon adoption.
We are currently evaluating the following accounting updates; however, we do not expect a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations upon adoption:
•
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.
This  update requires quantitative and qualitative disclosure of certain expense categories contained within their relevant expense lines in the income statement, including but not limited to: (1) employee compensation; (2) depreciation; and (3) intangible asset amortization. The update requires the disaggregation of these expense lines in a tabular format in the notes to the financial statements, including the separate disclosure of certain other expenses and gains or losses included within these expense lines which are required under existing U.S. GAAP, with all other expenses permitted to be disclosed in an “other items” category. Additionally, the update requires disclosure of the total amount and definition of the Firm’s selling expenses. The update is effective for annual periods beginning January 1, 2027, and interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2028, with early adoption permitted.
•
Income Tax Disclosures.
This update enhances annual income tax disclosures primarily to further disaggregate disclosures related to the income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. For the income tax rate reconciliation, this update requires (1) disclosure of specific categories of reconciling items (where applicable), and (2) providing additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. For income taxes paid (net of refunds), this update requires disclosure of amounts disaggregated by (1) federal, state, and foreign taxes; and (2) individual jurisdictions that meet a quantitative threshold. Additionally, the update requires disclosure of (1) income (or loss) before income taxes, disaggregated between domestic and foreign; and (2) income tax