loans held for investment that  defaulted during the three months ended March 31, 2024 that had been modified in the 12 month period prior.
Allowance for Credit Losses Rollforward and Allocation—Loans and Lending Commitments
CRE—Commercial real estate
SBL—Securities-based lending
1.
Percent of loans to total loans represents loans held for investment by loan type to total loans held for investment.
The allowance for credit losses for loans and lending commitments increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily related to portfolio growth in secured lending facilities and corporate loans, provisions for certain specific loans, including residential real estate loans related to the California wildfires, and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook. Charge-offs in the current quarter were primarily related to commercial real estate loans.
The base scenario used in our ACL models as of March 31, 2025 was generated using a combination of consensus economic forecasts, forward rates, and internally developed and validated models. This scenario assumes slower economic growth as well as higher interest rates relative to the prior quarter forecast. The revised real GDP growth rates assumed in our ACL models incorporated the weaker economic outlook and conditions as of March 31, 2025. The ACL calculation incorporates key macroeconomic variables, including U.S. real GDP growth rate. The significance of key macroeconomic variables on the ACL calculation varies depending on portfolio composition and economic conditions. Other key macroeconomic variables used in the ACL calculation include corporate credit spreads, interest rates and commercial real estate indices.
For a further discussion of the Firm’s loans as well as the Firm’s allowance methodology, refer to Notes 2 and 9 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Gross Charge-offs by Origination Year
CRE—Commercial real estate
SBL—Securities-based lending
There were
no
charge-offs during the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Selected Credit Ratios
Employee Loans
1.
These loans are predominantly current.
2.
These loans are predominantly past due for a period of 90 days or more.
Employee loans are granted in conjunction with a program established primarily to recruit certain Wealth Management financial advisors, are full recourse and generally require periodic repayments, and are due in full upon termination of employment with the Firm. These loans are recorded in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheet. See Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K for a description of the CECL allowance methodology, including credit quality indicators, for employee loans.
10.
Other Assets
Equity Method Investments
Equity method investments, other than investments in certain fund interests, are summarized above and are included in Other assets in the balance sheet with related income or loss included in Other revenues in the income statement. See “Net
Asset Value