lead to increased individual counterparty risk for our businesses. Although our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk to more extreme market moves, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict, and we could realize significant losses if extreme market events were to occur.
Significant changes to interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations.
Our net interest income is sensitive to changes in interest rates, generally resulting in higher net interest income in higher interest rate scenarios and lower net interest income in lower interest rate scenarios. The level and pace of interest rate changes, along with other developments, such as pricing changes to certain deposit types due to various competitive dynamics and alternative cash-equivalent products available to depositors, have in the past impacted, and could again impact, client preferences for cash allocation and the pace of reallocation of client balances, resulting in changes in the deposit mix and associated interest expense, as well as client demand for loans. These factors have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our results of operations, including our net interest income.
Holding large and concentrated positions may expose us to losses.
Concentration of risk may reduce revenues or result in losses in our market-making, investing, underwriting (including block trading) and lending businesses (including margin lending) in the event of unfavorable market movements. We commit substantial amounts of capital to these businesses, which often results in our taking large positions in the securities of, or making large loans to, a particular issuer or issuers in a particular industry, country or region. In the event we hold a concentrated position larger than those held by competitors, we may incur larger losses. For further information regarding our country risk exposure, see also “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Country Risk.”
Credit Risk
Credit risk refers to the risk of loss arising when a borrower, counterparty or issuer does not meet its financial obligations to us. For more information on how we monitor and manage credit risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk.”
We are exposed to the risk that third parties that are indebted to us will not perform their obligations.
We incur significant credit risk exposure through our Institutional Securities business segment. This risk may arise from a variety of business activities, including, but not limited to: extending credit to clients through various lending commitments; entering into swap or other derivative contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to us; acting as clearing broker for listed and over-the-counter derivatives whereby we guarantee client performance to clearinghouses; providing short- or long-term funding that is secured by physical or