and tangible book value per common share, also non-GAAP financial measures, are useful for evaluating the operating performance and capital adequacy of the business period-to-period, respectively. The calculation of ROTCE represents annualized earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders as a percentage of average tangible common equity. The calculation of tangible book value per common share represents tangible common equity divided by common shares outstanding.
The principal non-GAAP financial measures presented in this document are set forth in the following tables.
Reconciliations from U.S. GAAP to Non-GAAP Consolidated Financial Measures
1.
Net revenues and compensation expense are adjusted for DCP for both Firm and Wealth Management business segment. See “Other Matters” herein for more information.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures by Business Segment
1.
Average common equity and average tangible common equity for each business segment is determined using our Required Capital framework (see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework” herein). The sums of the segments’ Average common equity and Average tangible common equity do not equal the Consolidated measures due to Parent Company equity.
2.
The calculation of ROE and ROTCE by segment uses net income applicable to Morgan Stanley by segment less preferred dividends allocated to each segment, annualized as a percentage of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively, allocated to each segment.
Return on Tangible Common Equity Goal
We have an ROTCE goal of 20%. Our ROTCE goal is a forward-looking statement that is based on a normal market environment and may be materially affected by many factors.
See “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Statements” herein for further information on market and economic conditions and their potential effects on our future operating results.
ROTCE represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on non-GAAP measures, see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.
Business Segments
Substantially all of our operating revenues and operating expenses are directly attributable to our business segments. Certain revenues and expenses have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues, non-interest expenses or other relevant measures. See Note 22 to the financial statements for segment net revenues by income statement line item and information on intersegment transactions.
Net Revenues
Investment Banking
Investment banking revenues are derived from client engagements in which we act as an advisor, underwriter or distributor of capital.
Within the Institutional Securities business segment, these revenues are primarily composed of fees earned from underwriting equity and fixed income securities, syndicating loans and advisory services in relation to mergers and