controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.
No change in the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) occurred during the period covered by this report that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting.
Legal Proceedings
See “Contingencies—Legal” in Note 13 to the Financial Statements for information about our material legal proceedings.
Risk Factors
For a discussion of the risk factors affecting the Firm, see “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
1.
Includes 7,594,305 shares acquired by the Firm in satisfaction of the tax withholding obligations on stock-based awards granted under the Firm’s stock-based compensation plans during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
2.
Share purchases under publicly announced authorizations are made pursuant to open-market purchases, Rule 10b5-1 plans or privately negotiated transactions (including with employee benefit plans) as market conditions warrant and at prices the Firm deems appropriate and may be suspended at any time.
3.
The Firm announced that its Board of Directors reauthorized a multi-year repurchase authorization of up to $20 billion of outstanding common stock (the “Share Repurchase Authorization”) from time to time as conditions warrant and subject to limitations on distributions from the Federal Reserve. The Share Repurchase Authorization is for capital management purposes and considers, among other things, business segment capital needs, as well as equity-based compensation and benefit plan requirements. The Share Repurchase Authorization has no set expiration or termination date.
On June 28, 2024, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors reauthorized a multi-year repurchase authorization of up to $20 billion of outstanding common stock, without a set expiration date, beginning in the third quarter of 2024, which will be exercised from time to time as conditions
warrant. For further information, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer.”
Other Information
On May 2, 2025, Victoria Worster, age 52, was appointed Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, effective May 15, 2025.
Ms. Worster joined the Firm in 1998 and has served as the Chief Financial Officer of the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries since February 2025. Previously, Ms. Worster served in various leadership roles within the Firm’s Finance Division, including as Asia Pacific Chief Financial Officer, Co-Global Head of Legal Entity Control and Head of International Accounting and Regulatory Policy.
Exhibits
Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the