workforce in 2023 and 2022, respectively, and resulted from the Firm’s review of its global workforce, operating expenses and the business environment following the acquisitions of E*TRADE Financial Corporation (“E*TRADE”) and Eaton Vance Corp. (“Eaton Vance”), rather than a change in strategy or exit of businesses. These costs were primarily incurred in the Americas and EMEA, with the majority in the Americas.
•
Non-compensation expenses of $17,723 million in 2024 increased 3% from the prior year, primarily driven by higher execution-related expenses and increased technology spend, partially offset by lower legal expenses and lower FDIC special assessment cost.
In 2023, integration-related expenses were $293 million, of which $201 million related to the integration of E*TRADE within the Wealth Management business segment and $92 million related to the integration of Eaton Vance within the Investment Management business segment. In 2022, integration-related expenses were $470 million, of which $357 million related to the integration of E*TRADE within the Wealth Management business segment and $113 million related to the integration of Eaton Vance within the Investment Management business segment. Integration-related expenses primarily included non-compensation expenses such as information technology expense related to the consolidation of platforms, and professional fees related to changes in legal entity structures and the integration of clients, within both Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments. Integration-related activities were substantially completed as of December 31, 2023.
Provision for Credit Losses
The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $264 million in 2024 was primarily related to certain specific commercial real estate loans and growth in the corporate loan portfolio, partially offset by improvements in the macroeconomic outlook. The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $532 million in 2023 was primarily related to credit deterioration in the commercial real estate sector, including provisions for certain specific loans, mainly in the office portfolio, and modest growth in certain other loan portfolios.
For further information on the Provision for credit losses, see “Credit Risk” herein.
Business Segment Results
Net Revenues by Segment
1
($ in millions)
Net Income Applicable to Morgan Stanley by Segment
1
($ in millions)
1.
The amounts in the charts represent the contribution of each business segment to the total of the applicable financial category and may not sum to the total presented on top of the bars due to intersegment eliminations. See Note 22 to the financial statements for details of intersegment eliminations.
•
Institutional Securities net revenues of $28,080 million in 2024 increased 22% from the prior year, reflecting higher results across businesses, particularly in Equity and underwriting results within Investment Banking.
•
Wealth