U.S. offices.
Deposits are primarily sourced from our Wealth Management clients and are considered to have stable, low-cost funding characteristics relative to other sources of funding. Each category of deposits presented above has a different cost profile and clients may respond differently to changes in interest rates and other macroeconomic conditions. Total deposits in 2024 increased primarily due to increases in Savings and Time deposits, partially offset by a reduction in Brokerage sweep deposits, largely due to net outflows to alternative cash equivalent and other investment products.
Borrowings by Maturity at December 31, 2024
1
1.
Original maturity in the table is generally based on contractual final maturity. For borrowings with put options, maturity represents the earliest put date.
Borrowings of $289 billion at December 31, 2024 increased when compared with $264 billion at December 31, 2023, primarily due to issuances net of maturities and redemptions.
We believe that accessing debt investors through multiple distribution channels helps provide consistent access to the unsecured markets. In addition, the issuance of borrowings with original maturities greater than one year allows us to reduce reliance on short-term credit-sensitive instruments. Borrowings with original maturities greater than one year are generally managed to achieve staggered maturities, thereby mitigating refinancing risk, and to maximize investor diversification through sales to global institutional and retail clients across regions, currencies and product types.
The availability and cost of financing to us can vary depending on market conditions, the volume of certain trading and lending activities, our credit ratings and the overall availability of credit. We also engage in, and may continue to engage in, repurchases of our borrowings as part of our market-making activities.
For further information on Borrowings, see Note 13 to the financial statements.
Credit Ratings
We rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our daily operations. Our credit ratings are one of the factors in the cost and availability of financing and can have an impact on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer-term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as certain OTC derivative transactions. When determining credit ratings, rating agencies consider both company-specific and industry-wide factors. See also “Risk Factors—Liquidity Risk.”
Parent Company and U.S. Bank Subsidiaries Issuer Ratings at February 14, 2025
Incremental Collateral or Terminating Payments
In connection with certain OTC derivatives and certain other agreements where we are a liquidity provider to certain financing vehicles associated with the Institutional Securities
business segment, we may be required to provide additional collateral, immediately settle any outstanding liability balances with certain counterparties or pledge additional collateral to