party may cause an industrywide event that could significantly increase the cost and risk of conducting business. These risks may be heightened to the extent that we rely on third parties that are concentrated in a geographic area.
There can be no assurance that our or our third parties’ business contingency and security response plans fully mitigate all potential risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities where we are located. This may include a disruption involving physical site access; software flaws and
vulnerabilities; cybersecurity incidents; terrorist activities; political unrest; disease pandemics; catastrophic events; climate-related incidents and natural disasters (such as earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and wildfires); electrical outages; environmental hazards; computer servers; internet outages; client access to our digital platforms and mobile applications; communication platforms or other services we use; new technologies (such as generative artificial intelligence); and our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business. Although we and the third parties with whom we conduct business employ backup systems for data, those backup systems may be unavailable following a disruption, the affected data may not have been backed up or may not be recoverable from the backup, the backup systems may not process data as accurately or efficiently as the primary systems or the backup data may be costly to recover, any of which could adversely affect our business.
Notwithstanding evolving technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people, including our employees and those of our third parties (or third parties thereof). As a result of human error or engagement in violations of applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures, certain errors or violations are not always discovered immediately by our technological processes or by our controls and other procedures that are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations. These can include calculation or input errors, inadvertent or duplicate payments, mistakes in addressing emails or other communications, errors in software or model development or implementation, or errors in judgment, as well as intentional efforts to disregard or circumvent applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures. Our use of new technologies may be undermined by such human errors or misconduct due to undetected flaws or biases in the algorithms or data utilized by such technologies. Human errors and malfeasance, even if promptly discovered and remediated, can result in material losses and liabilities for us, and negatively impact our reputation in the future.
We conduct business in various jurisdictions outside the U.S., including jurisdictions that may not have comparable levels of protection for their corporate assets, such as