assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/
Deloitte & Touche LLP
New York, New York
February 21, 2025
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
No change in the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2024 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting.
Other Information
None
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
Unresolved Staff Comments
The Firm from time to time receives written comments from the staff of the SEC regarding its periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act. There are no comments that remain unresolved that the Firm received not less than 180 days before the end of the year to which this report relates that the Firm believes are material.
Properties
We have offices, operations and data centers located around the world. Our global headquarters and principal executive offices are located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York. Our other principal offices include locations in Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan area, London, Frankfurt, Hong Kong and Tokyo. Our current facilities are adequate for our present and future operations for each of our business segments, although we may add offices, depending upon our future operations.
Legal Proceedings
See “Contingencies—Legal” in Note 14 to the Financial Statements for information about our material legal proceedings.
Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and