activities. Accordingly, we have an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework to integrate the diverse roles of risk management into a holistic enterprise structure and to facilitate the incorporation of risk assessment into decision-making processes across the Firm.
We have policies and procedures in place to identify, measure, monitor, escalate, mitigate and control the principal risks involved in the activities of the Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments, significant operating subsidiaries, as well as at the Parent Company level. The principal risks involved in our business activities are both financial and non-financial and include market (including non-trading interest rate risk), credit, liquidity, model, operational (including cybersecurity), compliance (including conduct), financial crimes, strategic and reputational risks. Strategic risk is integrated into our business planning, embedded in the evaluation of all principal risks and overseen by the Board.
The cornerstone of our risk management philosophy is the pursuit of risk-adjusted returns through prudent risk taking that protects our capital base and franchise. This philosophy is implemented through the ERM framework. Five key principles underlie this philosophy: integrity, comprehensiveness, independence, accountability and transparency. To help ensure the efficacy of risk management, which is an essential component of our reputation, senior
management requires thorough and frequent reporting and the appropriate escalation of risk matters. The fast-paced, complex and constantly evolving nature of global financial markets requires us to maintain a risk management culture that is incisive, knowledgeable about specialized products and markets, and subject to ongoing review and enhancement.
Our risk appetite defines the aggregate level and types of risk that the Firm is willing to accept to achieve its business objectives, taking into account the interests of clients and fiduciary duties to shareholders, as well as capital and other regulatory requirements. This risk appetite is embedded in our risk culture and linked to our short-term and long-term strategic, capital and financial plans, as well as compensation programs. This risk appetite and the related Board-level risk limits and risk tolerance statements are reviewed and approved by the Risk Committee of the Board (“BRC”) and the Board on at least an annual basis.
Risk Governance Structure
Risk management at the Firm requires independent Firm-level oversight, accountability of our business segments and effective communication of risk matters across the Firm, to senior management and ultimately to the Board. Our risk governance structure is set forth in the following chart and also includes risk managers, committees and groups within and across business segments and operating legal entities. The ERM framework, composed of independent but complementary entities, facilitates