the Provision for income taxes line in the consolidated income statement and in the Depreciation and amortization line in the consolidated cash flow statement.
Net Benefits Attributable to Tax Equity Investments under the Proportional Amortization Method
Leases
The Firm’s leases are principally non-cancelable operating real estate leases.
Balance Sheet Amounts Related to Leases
Lease Liabilities
Lease Costs
1.
Includes common area maintenance charges and other variable costs not included in the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities.
Cash Flows Statement Supplemental Information
Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to base rentals, generally provide for rent and operating expense escalations resulting from increased assessments for real estate taxes and other charges.
12.
Deposits
Deposits
Time Deposit Maturities
Uninsured Non-U.S. Time Deposit Maturities
Deposits in U.S. Bank Subsidiaries from Non-U.S. Depositors
13.
Borrowings and Other Secured Financings
Maturities and Terms of Borrowings
1.
Fixed rate borrowings include instruments with step-up, step-down and zero coupon features.
2.
Variable rate borrowings include those that bear interest based on a variety of indices, including SOFR and federal funds rates, in addition to certain notes carried at fair value with various payment provisions, including notes linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures.
3.
Only includes borrowings with original maturities greater than one year. Weighted average coupon is calculated utilizing U.S. and non-U.S. dollar interest rates and excludes the effect of related hedging derivatives and financial instruments for which the fair value option was elected. See “Rates for Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year” table herein for more information.
Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year
Certain senior debt securities are denominated in various non-U.S. dollar currencies and may be structured to provide a return that is linked to equity, credit, commodity or other indices (e.g., the consumer price index). Senior debt also may be structured to be callable by the Firm or extendible at the option of holders of the senior debt securities.
The Firm’s Borrowings include notes carried and managed on a fair value basis. These include instruments whose payments and redemption values are linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures; and instruments with various interest rate-related features, including step-ups, step-downs and zero coupons. Also included are unsecured contracts that are not classified as OTC derivatives because they fail initial net investment criteria. To minimize the exposure from such instruments, the Firm has entered into various swap contracts and purchased options that effectively