segment are generally allocated based on each business segment’s respective net revenues, non-interest expenses or other relevant measures.
As a result of revenues and expenses from transactions with other operating segments being treated as transactions with external parties for purposes of segment disclosures, the Firm includes an Intersegment Eliminations category to reconcile the business segment results to the consolidated results.
The Firm’s CODM is its Chief Executive Officer, who evaluates segment performance and allocates resources based on numerous business, strategic and financial considerations. The CODM’s financial considerations include analysis of multiple segment profit measures, such as Income before provision for income taxes and Pre-tax margin. Furthermore, the CODM evaluates certain additional segment performance metrics including Return on average common equity. The segment profit measures are calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are consistent with the amounts presented in the Firm’s consolidated income statement.
The CODM’s review of the profit measures includes evaluation of segment profitability and assessment of actual results compared to budget. These measures are regularly provided to the CODM and are a component of a multifaceted decision-making process regarding segment performance as well as resource and capital allocation.
Selected Financial Information by Business Segment
1.
Substantially all revenues are from contracts with customers.
2.
Includes certain fees that may relate to services performed in prior periods.
3.
The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the CODM.
4.
Pre-tax margin represents income before provision for income taxes as a percentage of net revenues.
5.
Certain prior-period amounts have been adjusted to conform with the current-period presentation. This adjustment resulted in a decrease to both interest income and interest expense of $
4,432
million for the year ended December 31, 2023, and no effect on net interest income, with the entire impact to the Firm recorded within the Institutional Securities segment. See Note 2 for additional information.
Detail of Investment Banking Revenues
Trading Revenues by Product Type
1.
Dividend income is included within equity contracts.
The previous table summarizes realized and unrealized gains and losses primarily related to the Firm’s Trading assets and liabilities, from derivative and non-derivative financial instruments, included in Trading revenues in the income statement. The Firm generally utilizes financial instruments across a variety of product types in connection with its market-making and related risk management strategies. The trading revenues presented in the table are not representative of the manner in which the Firm manages its business activities and are prepared in a manner similar to the presentation of trading revenues for regulatory reporting purposes.