Management net revenues of $28,420 million in 2024 increased 8% from the prior year, primarily reflecting higher Asset management revenues and Transactional revenues, partially offset by lower Net interest income.
•
Investment Management net revenues of $5,861 million in 2024 increased 9% from the prior year, primarily reflecting higher Asset management and related fees and higher Performance-based income and other revenues.
Net Revenues by Region
1
($ in millions)
1.
For a discussion of how the geographic breakdown of net revenues is determined, see Note 22 to the financial statements.
•
Americas net revenues in 2024 increased 13% from the prior year, primarily driven by higher Asset management revenues within the Wealth Management business segment and higher results across businesses within the Institutional Securities business segment.
•
EMEA net revenues in 2024 increased 19% from the prior year, primarily driven by higher results across businesses within the Institutional Securities business segment.
•
Asia net revenues in 2024 increased 19% from the prior year, primarily driven by higher results from Equity and Investment Banking within the Institutional Securities business segment.
Selected Financial Information and Other Statistical Data
1.
The expense efficiency ratio represents total non-interest expenses as a percentage of net revenues.
2.
ROE and ROTCE represent earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders as a percentage of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively.
3.
Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.
4.
Pre-tax margin represents income before provision for income taxes as a percentage of net revenues.
5.
For a discussion of Liquidity resources, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources— Balance Sheet—Liquidity Risk Management Framework—Liquidity Resources” herein.
6.
Includes loans held for investment, net of ACL, loans held for sale and also includes loans at fair value, which are included in Trading assets in the balance sheet.
7.
Book value per common share and tangible book value per common share equal common equity and tangible common equity, respectively, divided by common shares outstanding.
8.
Client assets represent the sum of Wealth Management client assets and Investment Management AUM. Certain Wealth Management client assets are invested in Investment Management products and are therefore also included in Investment Management’s AUM.
9.
For a discussion of our capital ratios, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” herein.
Economic and Market Conditions
The economic environment, client and investor confidence and overall market sentiment improved in 2024. While interest rates declined in recent months, elevated inflation, geopolitical risks including ongoing tensions in the Middle East, uncertainties surrounding government and policy developments in the markets we operate in and the timing and pace of