on non-trading liabilities, primarily deposits.
Wealth Management Net Interest Income Sensitivity Analysis
1
1. The prior period has been revised to conform to the current period presentation.
The previous table presents an analysis of selected instantaneous upward and downward parallel interest rate shocks (subject to a floor of zero percent in the downward scenario) on net interest income over the next 12 months for our Wealth Management business segment. These shocks are applied to our 12-month forecast for our Wealth Management business segment, which incorporates market expectations of interest rates and our forecasted balance sheet and business activity. The forecast includes modeled prepayment behavior, reinvestment of net cash flows from maturing assets and liabilities, and deposit pricing sensitivity to interest rates. These key assumptions are updated periodically based on historical data and future expectations.
We do not manage to any single rate scenario but rather manage net interest income in our Wealth Management business segment across a range of possible outcomes, including non-parallel rate change scenarios. The sensitivity analysis assumes that we take no action in response to these scenarios, assumes there are no changes in other macroeconomic variables normally correlated with changes in interest rates and includes subjective assumptions regarding customer and market re-pricing behavior and other factors.
Our Wealth Management business segment balance sheet is asset sensitive, given assets reprice faster than liabilities, resulting in higher net interest income in higher interest rate scenarios and lower net interest income in lower interest rate scenarios. The level of interest rates may impact the amount of deposits held at the Firm, given competition for deposits
from other institutions and alternative cash-equivalent products available to depositors. Further, the level of interest rates could also impact client demand for loans.  Net interest income sensitivity to interest rates at December 31, 2024 decreased from December 31, 2023, primarily driven by the effects of changes in the mix of our assets and liabilities and changes in market rates.
Investments Sensitivity, Including Related Carried Interest
We have exposure to public and private companies through direct investments, as well as through funds that invest in these assets. These investments are predominantly equity positions with long investment horizons, a portion of which is for business facilitation purposes. The market risk related to these investments is measured by estimating the potential reduction in net revenues associated with a reasonably possible 10% decline in investment values and related impact on performance-based income, as applicable. Investment sensitivity changed between December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 primarily due to new investments in the Community Reinvestment Act affordable housing and new private credit funds in Investment