misrepresentation, and seeks, inter alia, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part the Firm’s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding
four
certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by the Firm or sold to the plaintiff by the Firm was approximately $
116
million. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division affirmed the trial court’s order denying in part the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On July 15, 2022, the Firm filed a motion for summary judgment on all remaining claims. On March 1, 2023, the court granted in part and denied in part the Firm’s motion for summary judgment, narrowing the alleged misrepresentations at issue in the case. On March 26, 2024, the Appellate Division affirmed the trial court’s summary judgment order. On August 27, 2024, the plaintiff notified the court that in light of the court’s rulings to exclude certain evidence at trial, the plaintiff could not prove its claims at trial, and requested that the court dismiss the case, subject to its right to appeal the evidentiary rulings. On August 28, 2024, the court dismissed the case, and judgment was entered in the Firm’s favor. The plaintiff has appealed.
Beginning in February of 2024, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (“MSSB”) and E*TRADE Securities LLC (“E*TRADE Securities”), among others, have been named as defendants in multiple putative class actions pending in the federal district courts for the District of New Jersey and SDNY. The class action claims have been brought on behalf of brokerage, advisory and retirement account holders, alleging various contractual, fiduciary, and statutory claims (including under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 18 U.S.C. §1962(c)-(d)) that MSSB and/or E*TRADE Securities failed to pay a reasonable rate of interest on its cash sweep products. The cases are at an early stage with motions for consolidation and transfer currently pending. Together, the complaints seek, inter alia, certification of a class of plaintiffs, unspecified compensatory damages, equitable and injunctive relief, and treble damages.
The Firm was engaged with and responded to requests for information from the Enforcement Division of the SEC regarding advisory account cash balances swept to the affiliate bank deposit program and compliance with the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and is responding to requests from a state securities regulator regarding brokerage account cash balances swept to the affiliate bank deposit program. On March 11, 2025, the Enforcement Division of the SEC informed the Firm that it had concluded its investigation and did not intend to recommend an enforcement action against the Firm.
14.
Variable Interest Entities and Securitization Activities
Consolidated VIE Assets and Liabilities by Type of Activity
MTOB—Municipal tender option bonds
1.
Amounts include transactions backed by residential