option depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the risk underlying that option, the tenor and the strike price of the option.
•
Volatility Skew.
The measure of the difference in implied volatility for options with identical underliers and expiry dates but with different strikes.
Net Asset Value Measurements
Fund Interests
Amounts in the previous table represent the Firm’s carrying value of general and limited partnership interests in fund
investments, as well as any related performance-based income in the form of carried interest. The carrying amounts are measured based on the NAV of the fund taking into account the distribution terms applicable to the interest held. This same measurement applies whether the fund investments are accounted for under the equity method or fair value.
Private Equity and Other.
Amounts include private equity,  private credit and other funds that pursue multiple strategies, including leveraged buyouts, venture capital, infrastructure growth capital, distressed investments and mezzanine capital. In addition, the funds may be structured with a focus on specific geographic regions.
Real Estate.
Funds that invest in real estate assets such as commercial office buildings, retail properties, multifamily residential properties, developments or hotels. In addition, the funds may be structured with a focus on specific geographic regions.
Investments in Private Equity and Other funds and Real Estate funds generally are not redeemable due to the closed-end nature of these funds. Instead, distributions from each fund will be received as the underlying investments of the funds are disposed and monetized.
Hedge.
Funds that pursue various investment strategies, including long-short equity, fixed income/credit, event-driven and multi-strategy. Investments in hedge funds may be subject to initial period lock-up or gate provisions, which restrict an investor from withdrawing from the fund during a certain initial period or restrict the redemption amount on any redemption date, respectively.
See Note 14 for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received. See Note 22 for information regarding unrealized carried interest at risk of reversal.
Nonredeemable Funds by Contractual Maturity
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
1.
For significant Level 3 balances, refer to “Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring and Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements” section herein for details of the significant unobservable inputs used for nonrecurring fair value measurement.
Gains (Losses) from Nonrecurring Fair Value Remeasurements
1
1.
Gains and losses for Loans and Other assets—Other investments are classified in Other revenues. For other items, gains and losses are recorded in Other revenues if the item is held for sale; otherwise, they are recorded in