to the BRC and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Risk Officer oversees compliance with our financial risk limits; approves exceptions to our financial risk limits; independently reviews material market, credit, model and liquidity risks; and reviews results of risk management processes with the Board, the BRC, the BOTC and the BAC, as appropriate. The Chief Risk Officer oversees the ERM framework, which includes non-financial risk, and coordinates with the the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer regarding capital and liquidity management and works with the Compensation, Management Development and Succession Committee of the Board (“CMDS Committee”) to help ensure that the structure and design of incentive compensation arrangements do not encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking.
Head of Non-Financial Risk
The Head of Non-Financial Risk, who is independent of business units, reports to the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. The Head of Non-Financial Risk oversees the compliance, financial crimes and operational risk management functions; independently reviews non-financial risks, including compliance (including conduct), financial crimes, and operational (including cybersecurity) risks, as well as material regulatory risks; and reviews results of risk management processes with the Board, the BAC, the BOTC, the BRC, and the CMDS Committee, as appropriate. The Head of Non-Financial Risk also reports to the Chief Risk Officer as part of his oversight of the ERM Framework.
Independent Risk Management Functions
The Financial Risk Management functions (Market Risk, Credit Risk, Model Risk and Liquidity Risk Management Departments) and Non-Financial Risk Management functions (Compliance, Global Financial Crimes, and Operational Risk Departments) are independent of our business units and report to the Chief Risk Officer and Head of Non-Financial Risk, respectively. These functions assist senior management and the FRC in monitoring and controlling our risk through a number of control processes. Each function maintains its own risk governance structure with specified individuals and committees responsible for aspects of managing risk. Further discussion about the responsibilities of the risk management functions may be found under “Market Risk,” “Credit Risk,” “Operational Risk,” “Model Risk,” “Liquidity Risk,” and “Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk” herein.
Support and Control Functions
Our support and control groups include, but are not limited to, Legal, the Finance Division, the Technology Division (“Technology”), the Operations Division (“Operations”), the Human Capital Management, and Firm Strategy and Execution. Our support and control functions coordinate with
the business segment control groups to review the risk monitoring and risk management policies and procedures relating to, among other things, controls over financial reporting and disclosure; each business segment’s market, credit and