fluctuates based on changes in a reference price or index.
The previous tables exclude non-recourse debt from consolidated VIEs, liabilities related to transfers of financial assets treated as collateralized financings, pledged commodities and other liabilities that have specified assets attributable to them.
Fair Value Loans on Nonaccrual Status
6.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
The Firm trades and makes markets globally in listed futures, OTC swaps, forwards, options and other derivatives referencing, among other things, interest rates, equities, currencies, investment grade and non-investment grade corporate credits, loans, bonds, U.S. and other sovereign securities, emerging market bonds and loans, credit indices, ABS indices, property indices, mortgage-related and other ABS, and real estate loan products. The Firm uses these instruments for market-making, managing foreign currency and credit exposure, and asset/liability management.
The Firm manages its market-making positions by employing a variety of risk mitigation strategies. These strategies include diversification of risk exposures and hedging. Hedging activities consist of the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products (e.g
.
, futures, forwards, swaps and options). The Firm manages the market risk associated with its market-making activities on a Firmwide basis, on a worldwide trading division level and on an individual product basis.
Fair Values of Derivative Contracts
1.
Amounts relate to master netting agreements and collateral agreements that have been determined by the Firm to be legally enforceable in the event of default but where certain other netting criteria are not met in accordance with applicable offsetting accounting guidance.
See Note 4 for information related to the unsettled fair value of futures contracts not designated as accounting hedges, which are excluded from the previous tables.
Notionals of Derivative Contracts
The notional amounts of derivative contracts generally overstate the Firm’s exposure. In most circumstances, notional amounts are used only as a reference point from which to calculate amounts owed between the parties to the contract. Furthermore, notional amounts do not reflect the benefit of legally enforceable netting arrangements or risk mitigating transactions.
Gains (Losses) on Accounting Hedges
1.
For the year ended 2024, there were no forecasted transactions that failed to occur. The net gains (losses) associated with cash flow hedges expected to be reclassified from AOCI within 12 months as of December 31, 2024 is approximately $
31
million. The maximum length of time over which forecasted cash flows are hedged is
28
months.
Fair Value Hedges—Hedged Items
1.
Carrying amount represents the amortized cost, net of allowance if applicable. At December 31, 2024, the amortized cost of the portfolio layer method closed portfolios was $
325
million, of which