are related to certain of our activities as an investment adviser and manager. Loans held at fair value are the result of the consolidation of investment vehicles (including CLOs) managed by Investment Management, composed primarily of senior secured loans to corporations.
3.
Lending commitments represent the notional amount of legally binding obligations to provide funding to clients for lending transactions. Since commitments associated with these business activities may expire unused or may not be utilized to full capacity, they do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements.
We provide loans and lending commitments to a variety of customers, including large corporate and institutional clients, as well as high to ultra-high net worth individuals. In addition, we purchase loans in the secondary market. Loans and lending commitments are either held for investment, held for sale or carried at fair value. For more information on these loan classifications, see Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Total loans and lending commitments increased by approximately $16 billion since December 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in Secured lending facilities and Corporate lending within the Institutional Securities business segment and growth in Securities-based loans within the Wealth Management business segment.
See Notes 4, 5, 9 and 13 to the financial statements for further information.
Allowance for Credit Losses—Loans and Lending Commitments
Provision for Credit Losses by Business Segment
Credit exposure arising from our loans and lending commitments is measured in accordance with our internal risk management standards. Risk factors considered in determining the allowance for credit losses for loans and lending commitments include the borrower’s financial strength, industry, facility structure, LTV ratio, debt service ratio, collateral and covenants. Qualitative and environmental factors such as economic and business conditions, nature and volume of the portfolio and lending terms, and volume and severity of past due loans may also be considered.
The allowance for credit losses for loans and lending commitments increased since December 31, 2024, primarily related to portfolio growth in secured lending facilities and corporate loans, provisions for certain specific loans, including residential real estate loans related to the California wildfires, and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook. Charge-offs in the current quarter were primarily related to commercial real estate loans.
The base scenario used in our ACL models as of March 31, 2025 was generated using a combination of consensus economic forecasts, forward rates, and internally developed and validated models. This scenario assumes slower economic growth as well as higher interest rates relative to the prior quarter forecast. The revised real GDP growth rates assumed in our ACL models incorporated the weaker economic outlook and conditions as