the UPB at the time of sale when the current UPB is not known.
General Partner Guarantees.
As a general partner in certain investment management funds, the Firm receives certain distributions from the partnerships when the return exceeds specified performance targets according to the provisions of the partnership agreements. The Firm may be required to return all or a portion of such distributions to the limited partners in the event the limited partners do not achieve a certain return as specified in the various partnership agreements, subject to certain limitations.
Client Clearing Guarantees.
The Firm is a sponsoring member of the Government Securities Division of the FICC’s Sponsored Clearing Model. Clients of the Firm, as sponsored members, can transact in overnight and term securities repurchase and resale agreements, which are cleared through the FICC. As sponsoring member, the Firm guarantees to the FICC the prompt and full payment and performance of its clients’ obligations. In 2020, the FICC’s sponsored clearing model was updated such that the Firm could be responsible for liquidation of a sponsored member’s account and guarantees any resulting loss to the FICC in the event the sponsored member fails to fully pay any net liquidation amount due from the sponsored member to the FICC. Accordingly, the Firm’s maximum potential payout amount reflects the total of the estimated net liquidation amounts for sponsored member accounts. The Firm minimizes credit exposure under this guarantee by obtaining a security interest in its sponsored member clients’ collateral and their contractual rights under sponsored member transactions. Therefore, the Firm’s exposure is estimated to be an amount substantially lower than the maximum potential payout amount. The collateral amount in which the Firm has a security interest is approximately equal to the maximum potential payout amount of the guarantee.
Other Guarantees and Indemnities
In the normal course of business, the Firm provides guarantees and indemnifications in a variety of transactions. These provisions generally are standard contractual terms. Certain of these guarantees and indemnifications are described below:
•
Indemnities
. The Firm provides standard indemnities to counterparties for certain contingent exposures and taxes, including U.S. and foreign withholding taxes, on interest and other payments made on derivatives, securities and stock lending transactions, certain annuity products and other financial arrangements. These indemnity payments could be required based on a change in the tax laws, a change in interpretation of applicable tax rulings or a change in factual circumstances. Certain contracts contain provisions that enable the Firm to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of such events. The Firm may also provide indemnities when it sells a business or assets to a third-party, pursuant to which it indemnifies the third-party for losses incurred on assets acquired or