which are allocated to the businesses based on funding usage.
3.
Includes Investments and Other revenues.
Equity
Net revenues of $12,230 million in 2024 increased 22% compared with the prior year, reflecting an increase in both Execution services and Financing, particularly in Asia and the Americas.
•
Financing revenues increased primarily due to higher client activity and lower funding and liquidity costs.
•
Execution services revenues increased primarily due to higher gains on inventory held to facilitate client activity and increased client activity in derivatives and cash equities.
Fixed Income
Net revenues of $8,418 million in 2024 increased 10% compared with the prior year, reflecting an increase across businesses, particularly in Credit and Global macro products.
•
Global macro products increased primarily due to lower losses on foreign exchange products and higher gains on rates products, on inventory held to facilitate client activity.
•
Credit products revenues increased primarily due to higher lending and securitized products revenues and lower losses
on inventory held to facilitate client activity in corporate credit products.
•
Commodities products and other fixed income revenues were relatively unchanged.
Other Net Revenues
Other net revenues were $1,262 million in 2024 compared with $823 million in the prior year, primarily due to lower mark-to-market losses on corporate loans, inclusive of hedges, and higher net interest income and fees on corporate loans.
Provision for Credit Losses
In 2024, the Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $202 million was primarily related to growth in the corporate loan portfolio and provisions for certain specific commercial real estate loans, partially offset by improvements in the macroeconomic outlook. The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $401 million in 2023 was primarily related to credit deterioration in the commercial real estate sector, including provisions for certain specific loans, mainly in the office portfolio, and modest growth in certain other loan portfolios.
For further information on the Provision for credit losses, see “Credit Risk” herein.
Non-Interest Expenses
Non-interest expenses of $19,129 million in 2024 increased 5% compared with the prior year as a result of higher Non-compensation expenses and Compensation and benefits expenses.
•
Compensation and benefits expenses increased primarily reflecting higher discretionary incentive compensation on higher revenues, partially offset by lower severance costs.
•
Non-compensation expenses increased primarily reflecting higher execution-related expenses and increased technology spend, partially offset by lower legal expenses and lower FDIC special assessment cost.
Wealth Management
Income Statement Information
1.
Transactional includes Investment banking, Trading, and Commissions and fees revenues.
2.
Other includes Investments and Other revenues.
Wealth Management Metrics
1.