benefits expenses increased, primarily due to an increase in the formulaic payout to Wealth Management representatives on higher compensable revenues.
•
Non-compensation expenses decreased, primarily driven by lower professional services and legal expenses and lower FDIC special assessment cost, partially offset by higher technology spend.
Fee-Based Client Assets Rollforwards
1.
Inflows include new accounts, account transfers, deposits, dividends and interest.
2.
Outflows include closed or terminated accounts, account transfers, withdrawals and client fees.
3.
Market impact includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments.
4.
Includes non-custody account values based on asset values reported on a quarter lag by third-party custodians.
5.
Includes $75 billion of fee-based assets acquired in an asset acquisition in the first quarter of 2022, reflected in Separately managed.
Average Fee Rates
1
1.
Based on Asset management revenues related to advisory services associated with fee-based assets.
Asset management revenues within the Wealth Management segment are primarily generated from the following types of accounts:
•
Separately managed
—accounts by which third party and affiliated asset managers are engaged to manage clients’ assets with investment decisions made by the asset
manager. Only one third-party asset manager strategy can be held per account.
•
Unified managed
—accounts that provide the client with the ability to combine separately managed accounts, mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, all in one aggregate account. Investment decisions and discretionary authority may be exercised by the client, financial advisor or portfolio manager. Also includes accounts that give the client the ability to systematically allocate assets across a wide range of mutual funds, for which the investment decisions are made by the client.
•
Advisor
—accounts where the investment decisions must be approved by the client, and the financial advisor must obtain approval each time a change is made to the account or its investments.
•
Portfolio manager
—accounts where a financial advisor has discretion (contractually approved by the client) to make ongoing investment decisions without the client’s approval for each individual change.
•
Cash management
—accounts where the financial advisor provides discretionary cash management services to institutional clients, whereby securities or proceeds are invested and reinvested in accordance with the client’s investment criteria. Generally, the portfolio will be invested in short-term fixed income and cash equivalent investments.
Investment Management
Income Statement Information
1.
Includes Investments and Trading, Net interest and Other revenues.
Net Revenues
Asset Management and Related Fees
Asset management and related fees of $5,627 million in 2024 increased 8% compared with the prior year, primarily driven by higher average AUM on higher market levels.
Asset management revenues are