model risk.
The MRM establishes a model risk tolerance in line with our risk appetite. The tolerance is based on an assessment of the materiality of the risk of financial loss or reputational damage due to errors in design, implementation and/or inappropriate use of models. The tolerance is monitored through model-specific and aggregate business-level assessments, which are based upon qualitative and quantitative factors.
The effective challenge of models consists of critical analysis by objective, informed parties who can identify model limitations and assumptions and drive appropriate changes. The MRM provides effective challenge of models, independently validates and approves models for use, annually recertifies models, periodically revalidates, identifies and tracks remediation plans for model limitations and reports on model risk metrics. The department also oversees the development of controls to support a complete and accurate Firmwide model inventory.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or difficulty in liquidating our assets. Liquidity risk also encompasses our ability (or perceived ability) to meet our financial obligations without experiencing significant business disruption or reputational damage that may threaten our viability as a going concern. Liquidity risk also encompasses the associated funding risks triggered by the market or idiosyncratic stress events that may negatively affect our liquidity and may impact our ability to raise new funding or the cost of new funding. Generally, we incur liquidity and funding risk as a result of our trading, lending, investing and client facilitation activities.
Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework is critical to helping ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity reserves and durable funding sources to meet our daily obligations and to withstand unanticipated stress events. The Liquidity Risk
Department is a distinct area in Risk Management responsible for the oversight and monitoring of liquidity risk. The Liquidity Risk Department ensures transparency of material liquidity and funding risks, compliance with established risk limits and escalation of risk concentrations to appropriate senior management.
To execute these responsibilities, the Liquidity Risk Department establishes limits in line with our risk appetite, identifies and analyzes emerging liquidity and funding risks to ensure such risks are appropriately mitigated, monitors and reports risk exposures against metrics and limits, and reviews the methodologies and assumptions underpinning our Liquidity Stress Tests to ensure sufficient liquidity and funding under a range of adverse scenarios.
The Treasury Department and applicable business units have primary responsibility for evaluating, monitoring and controlling the liquidity and funding risks arising from our business activities and for maintaining processes and