does not intend to sell these securities and is not likely to be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the securities in an unrealized loss position are predominantly investment grade.
The HTM securities net carrying amounts at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 reflect an ACL of  $
59
million and $
52
million, respectively, predominantly related to Non-agency CMBS. See Note 2 in the 2024 Form 10-K for a description of the ACL methodology used for HTM Securities.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
98
% of the Firm’s portfolio of HTM securities were investment grade U.S. agency securities, U.S. Treasury securities and Agency CMBS, which were on accrual status and for which there is an underlying assumption of
zero
credit losses. Non-investment grade HTM securities primarily consisted of certain Non-agency CMBS securities, for which the expected credit losses were insignificant and were predominantly on accrual status at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
See Note 14 for additional information on securities issued by VIEs, including U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, non-agency CMBS, and FFELP student loan ABS.
Investment Securities by Contractual Maturity
1.
Amounts are net of any ACL.
2.
Annualized average yield is computed using the effective yield, weighted based on the amortized cost of each security. The effective yield is shown pre-tax and excludes the effect of related hedging derivatives.
3.
At March 31, 2025, the annualized average yield, including the interest rate swap accrual of related hedges, was
2.8
% for AFS securities contractually maturing within 1 year and
3.8
% for all AFS securities.
4.
Represents the amount of unallocated portfolio layer method basis adjustments related to AFS securities hedged in a closed portfolio. Portfolio layer method basis adjustments are not allocated to individual securities. Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K and Note 6 herein for additional information.
Gross Realized Gains (Losses) on Sales of AFS Securities
1.
Realized gains and losses are recognized in Other revenues in the income statement.
8.
Collateralized Transactions
Offsetting of Certain Collateralized Transactions
1.
Amounts relate to master netting agreements that have been determined by the Firm to be legally enforceable in the event of default but where certain other criteria are not met in accordance with applicable offsetting accounting guidance.
For further discussion of the Firm’s collateralized transactions, see Notes 2 and 8 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K. For information related to offsetting of derivatives, see Note 6.
Gross Secured Financing Balances by Remaining Contractual Maturity
Gross Secured Financing Balances by Class of Collateral Pledged
Carrying Value of Assets Loaned or
Pledged
without Counterparty Right to Sell or Repledge
The Firm pledges certain of its trading