scenario increased from the prior annual supervisory stress test by 50 basis points, from 4.1% to 4.6%. Following the publication of the supervisory stress test results, we announced that our SCB will be 6.0% from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. In addition to the projected decline in our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio in the severely adverse scenario, our SCB reflects the increase in our common stock dividend in the dividend add-on. Together with other features of the regulatory capital framework, this SCB results in an aggregate Standardized Approach Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 13.5%. Generally, our SCB is determined annually based on the results of the supervisory stress test.
We also disclosed a summary of the results of our company-run stress tests on our Investor Relations website and increased our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.925 per share from $0.85, beginning with the common stock dividend announced on July 16, 2024.
Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework
Our required capital (“Required Capital”) estimation is based on the Required Capital framework, an internal capital adequacy measure. Common equity attribution to the business segments is based on capital usage calculated under the Required Capital framework, as well as each business segment’s relative contribution to our total Required Capital.
The Required Capital framework is a risk-based and leverage-based capital measure, which is compared with our regulatory capital to ensure that we maintain an amount of going concern capital after absorbing potential losses from stress events, where applicable, at a point in time. The amount of capital allocated to the business segments is generally set at the beginning of each year and remains fixed throughout the year until the next annual reset unless a significant business change occurs (e.g
.
, acquisition or disposition). We define the difference between our total average common equity and the sum of the average common equity amounts allocated to our business segments as Parent Company common equity. We generally hold Parent Company common equity for prospective regulatory requirements, organic growth, potential future acquisitions and other capital needs.
Average Common Equity Attribution under the Required Capital Framework
1
1.
The attribution of average common equity to the business segments is a non-GAAP financial measure. See “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.
We continue to evaluate our Required Capital framework with respect to the impact of evolving regulatory requirements, as appropriate.
Resolution and Recovery Planning
We are required to submit once every two years to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC (“Agencies”) a resolution plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of our material financial distress or failure. We submitted our 2023 full resolution plan on June 30, 2023. In June