Company
Parent Company Only—Condensed Income Statement and Comprehensive Income Statement
Parent Company Only—Condensed Balance Sheet
Parent Company Only—Condensed Cash Flow Statement
1.
Represents total payments, net of refunds, made to various tax authorities and includes taxes paid on behalf of certain subsidiaries that are subsequently settled between the Parent Company and these subsidiaries. The settlements received from subsidiaries were $
1.6
billion, $
1.6
billion and $
2.6
billion for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
For information on the Parent Company’s preferred stock, see Note 17.
Parent Company’s Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year
Transactions with Subsidiaries
The Parent Company has transactions with its consolidated subsidiaries determined on an agreed-upon basis and has guaranteed certain unsecured lines of credit and contractual obligations on certain of its consolidated subsidiaries.
Guarantees
In the normal course of its business, the Parent Company guarantees certain of its subsidiaries’ obligations on a transaction-by-transaction basis under various financial arrangements. The Parent Company has issued guarantees on behalf of its subsidiaries to various U.S. and non-U.S. exchanges and clearinghouses that trade and clear securities and/or futures contracts. Under these guarantee arrangements, the Parent Company may be required to pay the financial obligations of its subsidiaries related to business transacted on or with the exchanges and clearinghouses in the event of a subsidiary’s default on its obligations to the exchange or the clearinghouse. The Parent Company has not recorded any contingent liability in its condensed financial statements for these arrangements and believes that any potential requirements to make payments under these arrangements are remote.
The Parent Company also, in the normal course of business, provides standard indemnities to counterparties on behalf of its subsidiaries for taxes, including U.S. and foreign withholding taxes, on interest and other payments made on derivatives, securities and stock-lending transactions, and certain annuity products, and may also provide indemnities to or on behalf of affiliates from time to time for other arrangements. These indemnity payments could be required, as applicable, based on a change in the tax laws, change in interpretation of applicable tax rulings or claims arising from contractual relationships between affiliates. Certain contracts contain provisions that enable the Parent Company to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of such events. The maximum potential amount of future payments that the Parent Company could be required to make under these indemnifications cannot be estimated. The Parent Company has not recorded any contingent liability in its condensed financial statements for these indemnifications and believes that the occurrence of any events that would trigger payments under these contracts is remote.