career. We support our employees with competitive compensation, benefits, and health and wellbeing programs.
Our core values guide decision-making aligned with the expectations of our employees, clients, shareholders, regulators, directors and the communities in which we operate. These guiding values—
Put Clients First, Do the Right Thing, Lead with Exceptional Ideas, Commit to Diversity and Inclusion,
and
Give Back
—are at the heart of our workplace culture and underpin our success. Our Code of Conduct is central to our expectation that employees embody our values. Every new hire and every employee annually is required to certify to their understanding of and adherence to the Code of Conduct. We also invite employee feedback on our culture and workplace through our ongoing employee engagement surveys. For a further discussion of the culture, values and conduct of employees, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management.”
Talent Development and Employee Representation
We are committed to the development of our workforce and supporting mobility and career growth. Our talent development programs are designed to provide employees with the resources to help them achieve their career goals, build management skills and lead their organizations. We believe supporting employee development and growth contributes to long-term retention. We continue to offer leadership programs to support employees as they progress in their career at the Firm.
Meritocracy is at the heart of Morgan Stanley’s talent development. We believe a workforce that represents the societies in which we live and work, and our global client base, is integral to Morgan Stanley’s continued success. Furthermore, we believe that an inclusive workplace is in the best interests of our employees and clients. We continue to invest in efforts to recruit, advance and retain a talented and diverse workforce through a holistic approach that centers on professional development, wellness and a culture that allows every employee to thrive.
Compensation, Financial and Employee Wellbeing
We provide responsible and effective compensation programs that reinforce our values and culture through four key objectives: deliver pay for sustainable performance, attract and retain top talent, align with shareholder interests and mitigate excessive risk-taking. In addition to salaries, these programs (which vary by location) include annual bonuses, retirement savings plans with matching contributions, an employee stock purchase plan, student loan refinancing and a financial wellbeing program. To promote equitable rewards for all employees, we have enhanced our practices to support fair and consistent compensation and rewards decisions based on merit, perform ongoing reviews of compensation decisions and conduct regular assessments of our rewards structure.
Our employees’ health is also central to our ongoing success. We support the physical, mental and financial wellbeing of our global