if the awards vest.
Vested and Unvested RSU Activity
1.
At December 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining term until delivery for the outstanding RSUs was approximately
1.2
years.
Unvested RSU Activity
1.
Unvested RSUs represent awards where recipients have yet to satisfy either the explicit vesting terms or retirement-eligible requirements.
Fair Value of RSU Activity
1
1. Fair value of converted stock is based on the share price at conversion. Fair value of vested stock is based on the share price at the date of vesting.
Performance-Based Stock Units
PSUs vest and convert to shares of common stock only if the Firm satisfies, over a
three-year
performance period, performance goals that are determined on the award date. The number of PSUs that may vest ranges from
0
% to
150
% of the target award, based on the Firm’s level of achievement of the specified performance goals. One-half of a PSU award is earned based on the Firm’s average return on tangible common equity (“MS Average ROTCE”) over the performance period. The other half of a PSU award is earned based on the Firm’s total shareholder return, relative to the total shareholder return of the S&P 500 Financials Sector Index (“MS Relative TSR”) for awards granted prior to 2023, or for PSU awards granted from 2023 onwards based on the MS Average ROTCE relative to the Return on Tangible Common Equity of each member of the defined comparison group (“MS Relative ROTCE”). PSUs have vesting, conversion and cancellation provisions that are generally similar to those of RSUs. Dividend equivalents that accrue on these awards are paid in cash when the awards convert. At December 31, 2024, approximately
2.8
million PSUs at target were outstanding.
PSU Awards - Fair Value on Award Date
1. Weighted average price on award date
The MS Relative TSR fair values on the award date were estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation and the following assumptions.
Monte Carlo Simulation Assumptions
The risk-free interest rate was determined based on the yields available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues. The expected stock price volatility was determined using historical volatility. The correlation coefficient was developed based on historical price data of the Firm and the S&P 500 Financials Sector Index. The model uses an expected dividend yield equivalent to reinvesting dividends.
Deferred Cash-Based Compensation Plans
DCP generally provide a return to the plan participants based upon the performance of each participant’s referenced investments.
Deferred Cash-Based Compensation Expense
1.
Total expense includes deferred cash-based compensation anticipated to be awarded in January of the following year that does not contain a future service requirement.
Carried Interest Compensation
The Firm generally recognizes compensation expense for any portion of carried interest (both realized and unrealized) that is allocated to employees.
Carried Interest Compensation Expense
20.
Employee Benefit Plans
Pension Plans
Net