identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party vendors.
We maintain a third-party risk management program that evaluates and responds to cybersecurity risks at our third-party vendors.
Prior to engaging third-party vendors to provide services to the Firm, we assess the third-party vendors’ cybersecurity programs to identify cybersecurity risks arising from the use of those vendors’ services. Once onboarded, third-party vendors’ cybersecurity programs are subject to risk-based oversight, which may include security questionnaires, submission of independent security audit reports or a Firm audit of the third-party vendor’s security program, and, with limited exceptions, third-party vendors are required to meet our minimum cybersecurity standards. Where a third-party vendor cannot meet those standards, its services, and the residual risk to the Firm, are subject to review, challenge and escalation through our risk management processes and ERM committees, which may ultimately result in requesting increased security measures or ceasing engagement with such third-party vendor.
Our Cybersecurity Program is regularly assessed by IAD through various assurance activities, with the results reported to the BAC and the BOTC. Annually, key elements of the Cybersecurity Program are subject to review by an independent third party, the results of which, including opportunities identified for improvement and related remediation plans, are reviewed with the BOTC. Our Cybersecurity Program is also examined regularly by the Firm’s prudential and conduct regulators within the scope of their jurisdiction.
Governance
Management’s role in assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats
Our Cybersecurity Program is operated and maintained by management, including the
Chief Information Officer of Cyber, Data, Risk and Resilience (“CIO”) and the Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”)
.
These senior officers are responsible for assessing and managing the Firm’s cybersecurity risks. Our Cybersecurity Program strategy, which is set by the CISO and overseen by the Head of Cyber, Technology, and Information Security Non-Financial Risk (“Head of NFR CTIS”), is informed by various risk and control assessments, control testing, external assessments, threat intelligence, and public and private information sharing. Our Cybersecurity Program also includes processes
for escalating and considering the materiality of incidents that impact the Firm, including escalation to senior management and the Board.
The members of management that lead our Cybersecurity Program and strategy have extensive experience in technology, cybersecurity and information security. The CIO has over 30 years of experience in various engineering, IT, operations and information security roles. The CISO has over 25 years of experience leading cybersecurity teams at financial institutions, including in the areas of IT strategy, risk management and information