Credit Losses
The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $91 million in the current quarter was primarily related to portfolio growth in secured lending facilities and corporate loans and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook. The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $2 million in the prior year quarter was primarily related to modest growth in certain loan portfolios and provisions for certain specific commercial real estate and corporate loans, partially offset by improvements in the macroeconomic outlook.
For further information on the Provision for credit losses, see “Credit Risk” herein.
Non-Interest Expenses
Non-interest expenses of $5,611 million in the current quarter increased 20% compared with the prior year quarter as a result of higher Compensation and benefits expenses and Non-compensation expenses.
•
Compensation and benefits expenses increased primarily due to higher discretionary incentive compensation on higher revenues, higher expenses related to outstanding deferred cash- and equity-based compensation and higher severance costs associated with a RIF in March.
•
Non-compensation expenses increased primarily reflecting higher execution-related expenses.
Wealth Management
Income Statement Information
1.
Transactional includes Investment banking, Trading, and Commissions and fees revenues.
2.
Other includes Investments and Other revenues.
Wealth Management Metrics
1.
Client assets represent those for which Wealth Management is providing services including financial advisor-led brokerage, custody, administrative and investment advisory services; self-directed brokerage and investment advisory services; financial and wealth planning services; workplace services, including stock plan administration, and retirement plan services. See “Advisor-Led Channel” and “Self-Directed Channel” herein for additional information.
2.
Margin and other lending represents margin lending arrangements, which allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying securities and other lending which includes non‐purpose securities-based lending on non‐bank entities.
3.
Deposits reflect liabilities sourced from Wealth Management clients and other sources of funding on our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. Deposits include sweep deposit programs, savings and other deposits, and time deposits.
4.
Annualized weighted average represents the total annualized weighted average cost of the various deposit products. Amounts include the effect of related hedging derivatives. The period end cost of deposits is based upon balances and rates as of  March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. The period average is based on daily balances and rates for the period.
Net New Assets
NNA represent client asset inflows, inclusive of interest, dividends and asset acquisitions, less client asset outflows, and exclude the impact of business combinations/divestitures and the impact of fees and commissions. The level of NNA in a given