are utilized for hedging. Market-making also generates gains and losses on inventory held to facilitate client activity, which are reflected in Trading revenues. Execution services also includes certain Investments and Other revenues.
Fixed Income
—Within fixed income, we make markets in various flow and structured products in order to facilitate client activity as part of the following products and services:
•
Global macro products.
We make markets for our clients in interest rate, foreign exchange and emerging market products, including exchange-traded and OTC securities and derivative instruments. The results of this market-making activity are primarily driven by gains and losses from buying and selling positions to stand ready for and satisfy client demand and are recorded in Trading revenues.
•
Credit products.
We make markets in credit-sensitive products, such as corporate bonds and mortgage securities and other securitized products, and related derivative instruments. The values of positions in this business are sensitive to changes in credit spreads and interest rates, which result in gains and losses reflected in Trading revenues. We undertake lending activities, which include commercial mortgage lending, secured lending facilities and financing extended to sales and trading customers. Due
to the amount and type of the interest-bearing securities and loans making up this business, a significant portion of the results is also reflected in Net interest revenues.
•
Commodities products and Other.
We make markets in various commodity products related primarily to electricity, natural gas, oil and metals. These activities are primarily recorded in Trading revenues.
Fixed income also includes certain Investments and Other revenues.
Institutional Securities—Other Net Revenues
Other net revenues include impacts from certain treasury functions, such as liquidity and funding costs and gains and losses on economic hedges related to certain borrowings. Other net revenues also include mark-to-market gains and losses on held-for-sale corporate loans and lending commitments, as well as net interest and gain and losses on economic hedges associated with held-for-sale and held-for-investment corporate loans and lending commitments. Also included are gains and losses from financial instruments used to economically hedge compensation expense related to certain DCP, income and losses from the equity method investment related to our Japanese securities joint venture with MUFG, as well as Investments and Other revenues that are not directly attributable to Fixed income and Equities businesses.
Compensation Expense
Compensation and benefits expenses include base salaries and fixed allowances, formulaic programs, discretionary incentive compensation, amortization of deferred cash and equity awards, changes in the fair value of DCP investments, carried interest allocated to employees, severance costs, and other items such as health and welfare benefits. For