asset-repackaging notes designed to meet the investment objectives of clients.
•
Other structured transactions designed to provide tax-efficient yields to the Firm or its clients.
The Firm determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE upon its initial involvement with the VIE and reassesses whether it is the primary beneficiary on an ongoing basis as long as it has any continuing involvement with the VIE. This determination is based upon an analysis of the design of the VIE, including the VIE’s structure and activities, the power to make significant economic decisions held by the Firm and by other parties, and the variable interests owned by the Firm and other parties.
The power to make the most significant economic decisions may take a number of different forms in different types of VIEs. The Firm considers servicing or collateral management decisions as representing the power to make the most significant economic decisions in transactions such as securitizations or CDOs. As a result, the Firm does not consolidate securitizations or CDOs for which it does not act as the servicer or collateral manager unless it holds certain other rights to replace the servicer or collateral manager or to require the liquidation of the entity. If the Firm serves as servicer or collateral manager, or has certain other rights described in the previous sentence, the Firm analyzes the interests in the VIE that it holds and consolidates only those VIEs for which it holds a potentially significant interest in the VIE.
For many transactions, such as re-securitization transactions, CLNs and other asset-repackaging notes, there are no significant economic decisions made on an ongoing basis. In these cases, the Firm focuses its analysis on decisions made prior to the initial closing of the transaction and at the termination of the transaction. The Firm concluded in most of these transactions that decisions made prior to the initial closing were shared between the Firm and the initial investors based upon the nature of the assets, including whether the assets were issued in a transaction sponsored by the Firm and the extent of the information available to the Firm and to investors, the number, nature and involvement of investors, other rights held by the Firm and investors, the standardization of the legal documentation and the level of continuing involvement by the Firm, including the amount and type of interests owned by the Firm and by other investors. The Firm focused its control decision on any right held by the Firm or investors related to the termination of the VIE. Most re-securitization transactions, CLNs and other asset-repackaging notes have no such termination rights.
Consolidated VIE Assets and Liabilities by Type of Activity
MTOB—Municipal tender option bonds
1.
Amounts include transactions backed by residential mortgage loans, commercial mortgage loans and other types of assets, including consumer or commercial assets and may be in loan or