subsidiaries and affiliates, advises, and originates, trades, manages and distributes capital for governments, institutions and individuals. We were originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1981, and our predecessor companies date back to 1924. We are a financial holding company (“FHC”) regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”) under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (“BHC Act”). We conduct our business from our headquarters in and around New York City, our regional offices and branches throughout the U.S. and our principal offices in London, Frankfurt, Tokyo, Hong Kong and other world financial centers. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Morgan Stanley,” the “Firm,” “us,” “we” and “our” mean Morgan Stanley (the “Parent Company”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries. See the “Glossary of Common Terms and Acronyms” for the definition of certain terms and acronyms used throughout the 2024 Form 10-K.
Financial information concerning us, our business segments and geographic regions for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022 is included in “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
Business Segments
We are a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of our business segments: Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management.
Through our subsidiaries and affiliates, we provide a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. Additional information related to our business segments, respective clients, and products and services provided is included under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Competition
All aspects of our businesses are highly competitive, and we expect them to remain so. We compete in the U.S. and globally for clients, market share and human talent. Operating within the financial services industry on a global basis presents, among other things, technological, risk management, regulatory, infrastructure and other challenges that require effective resource allocation in order for us to remain competitive. Our competitive position depends on a number of factors, including our reputation, client experience, the quality and consistency of our long-term investment performance, innovation, execution, relative pricing and other factors, including entering into new or expanding current businesses as a result of acquisitions and other strategic initiatives. Our ability to sustain or improve our competitive
position also depends substantially on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly qualified employees while managing compensation and other costs. We compete with commercial banks, global investment banks, regional banks, broker-dealers, private