attribute carryforwards before they expire.
Once the deferred tax asset balances have been determined, we may record a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset balances to reflect the amount we estimate is more likely than not to be realized at a future date. Both current and deferred income taxes may reflect adjustments related to our unrecognized tax benefits.
Significant judgment is required in estimating the consolidated provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including valuation allowance, if any), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. Revisions in estimates and/or the actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any.
See Note 2 to the financial statements for additional information on our significant assumptions, judgments and interpretations associated with the accounting for income taxes and Note 21 to the financial statements for additional information on our tax examinations.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity and capital policies are established and maintained by senior management, with oversight by the Asset/Liability Management Committee and our Board of Directors (“Board”). Through various risk and control committees, senior management reviews business performance relative to these policies, monitors the availability of alternative sources of financing, and oversees the liquidity, interest rate and currency sensitivity of our asset and liability position. Our Corporate Treasury department (“Treasury”), Firm Risk Committee, Asset/Liability Management Committee, and other committees and control groups assist in evaluating, monitoring and managing the impact that our business activities have on our balance sheet, liquidity and capital structure. Liquidity and capital matters are reported regularly to the Board and the Risk Committee of the Board.
Balance Sheet
We monitor and evaluate the composition and size of our balance sheet on a regular basis. Our balance sheet management process includes quarterly planning, business-specific thresholds, monitoring of business-specific usage versus key performance metrics and new business impact assessments.
We establish balance sheet thresholds at the consolidated and business segment levels. We monitor balance sheet utilization and review variances resulting from business activity and market fluctuations. On a regular basis, we review current performance versus established thresholds and assess the need to re-allocate our balance sheet based on business segment needs. We also monitor key metrics, including asset and liability size and capital usage.
Total Assets by Business Segment
1.
Amounts include loans held for investment, net of ACL, and loans held for sale but exclude loans at fair value, which are included in Trading assets in the balance sheet (see Note 9 to the financial statements).
2.
Other assets primarily includes