value exposure related to commitments to fund loans that will be measured at fair value. The liability is recorded in Trading liabilities in the balance sheet, and the expense is recorded in Trading revenues in the income statement.
Because such loans and lending commitments are reported at fair value, the allowance for credit losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans.
For further information on loans, see Note 9. For more information regarding loan commitments, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees, see Note 14.
Allowance for Credit Losses
The ACL for financial instruments measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet exposures (e.g
.,
HFI loans and lending commitments, HTM securities, customer and other receivables and certain guarantees) represents an estimate of expected credit losses over the entire life of the financial instrument.
Factors considered by management when determining the ACL include payment status, fair value of collateral and expected payments of principal and interest, as well as internal or external information relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The Firm uses three forecasts that include assumptions about certain macroeconomic variables, including, but not limited to, U.S. gross domestic product (“GDP”), equity market indices and unemployment rates, as well as commercial real estate and home price indices. At the conclusion of the Firm’s reasonable and supportable forecast period of 13 quarters, there is a gradual reversion back to historical averages.
The ACL is measured on a collective basis when similar risk characteristics exist for multiple instruments, considering all available information relevant to assessing the collectability of cash flows. Generally, the Firm applies a probability of
default/loss given default model for instruments that are collectively assessed, under which the ACL is calculated as the product of probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default. These parameters are forecast for each collective group of assets using a scenario-based statistical model.
If the instrument does not share similar risk characteristics with other instruments, including when it is probable that the Firm will be unable to collect the full payment of principal and interest on the instrument when due, the ACL is measured on an individual basis. The Firm generally applies a discounted cash flow method for instruments that are individually assessed.
The Firm may also elect to use an approach that considers the fair value of the collateral when measuring the ACL if the loan is collateral dependent (i.e
.,
repayment of the loan is expected to be provided substantially by the sale or operation of the underlying collateral and the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty).
Additionally, the Firm can elect to use an approach to measure the ACL that considers the fair value of collateral where the borrower is