oversight of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements for us, including “well-capitalized” standards, and evaluates our compliance with such capital requirements. The OCC establishes similar capital requirements and standards for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. The regulatory capital requirements are largely based on the Basel III capital standards established by the Basel Committee and also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. For us to remain an FHC, we must remain well-capitalized in accordance with standards established by the Federal Reserve, and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries must remain well-capitalized in accordance with standards established by the OCC. In addition, many of our regulated subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including regulated subsidiaries registered as swap dealers with the CFTC or conditionally registered as security-based swap dealers with the SEC or registered as broker-dealers or futures commission merchants. For additional information on regulatory capital requirements for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, as well as our subsidiaries that are swap entities, see Note 16 to the financial statements.
Regulatory Capital Requirements
We are required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital and TLAC ratios. For additional information on TLAC, see “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements” herein.
Risk-Based Regulatory Capital
.  Risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”)
capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (which includes Tier 2 capital), each as a percentage of RWA, and consist of regulatory minimum required ratios plus our capital buffer requirement. Capital requirements require certain adjustments to, and deductions from, capital for purposes of determining these ratios.
Capital Buffer Requirements
1.
For additional information on the SCB, see “Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” herein.
2.
For a further discussion of the G-SIB capital surcharge, see “G-SIB Capital Surcharge” herein.
3.
The CCyB can be set up to 2.5% but is currently set by the Federal Reserve at zero.
The capital buffer requirement represents the amount of CET1 capital we must maintain above the minimum risk-based capital requirements in order to avoid restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. Our capital buffer requirement computed under the standardized approaches for calculating credit risk and market RWAs (“Standardized Approach”) is equal to the sum of our SCB, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB, and our capital buffer requirement computed under the applicable advanced approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk and operational risk RWAs (“Advanced Approach”) is equal to our 2.5% capital conservation buffer, G-SIB capital