prudential regulator are subject to uncleared Swap margin requirements and minimum capital requirements established by the prudential regulators. Swap dealers and security-based swap dealers not subject to regulation by a prudential regulator are subject to uncleared Swap margin requirements and minimum capital requirements established by the CFTC and SEC, respectively. In some cases, the CFTC and SEC permit non-U.S. swap dealers and security-based swap dealers that do not have a prudential regulator to comply with applicable non-U.S. uncleared Swap margin and minimum capital requirements instead of direct compliance with CFTC or SEC requirements.
Investment Management
Many of the subsidiaries engaged in our investment management activities are registered as investment advisers with the SEC. Many aspects of our investment management activities are also subject to federal and state laws and regulations in place primarily for the protection of the investor or client. These laws and regulations generally grant supervisory agencies and bodies broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict us from carrying on our investment management activities in the event that we fail to comply with such laws and regulations.
In addition, certain of our subsidiaries are U.S. registered broker-dealers and act as distributors to our proprietary mutual funds and as placement agents to certain private investment funds managed by our Investment Management business segment. Certain of our affiliates are registered as commodity trading advisors and/or commodity pool operators, or are operating under certain exemptions from such registration pursuant to CFTC rules and other guidance, and have certain responsibilities with respect to each pool they advise. Our investment management activities are subject to additional laws and regulations, including restrictions on sponsoring or investing in, or maintaining certain other relationships with, covered funds, as defined by the Volcker Rule, subject to certain limited exemptions. See also “Financial Holding Company—Activities Restrictions under the Volcker Rule,” “Institutional Securities and Wealth Management—Broker-Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulation,” “Institutional Securities and Wealth Management—Regulation of Futures Activities and Certain Commodities Activities,” and “Institutional Securities and Wealth Management—Derivatives Regulation” herein and “Non-U.S. Regulation” herein for a discussion of other
regulations that impact our Investment Management business activities.
U.S. Consumer Protection
We are subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to U.S. federal consumer protection laws. Federal consumer protection laws to which we are subject include the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act’s privacy provisions, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Truth in Lending Act