time. The amount of capital allocated to the business segments is generally set at the beginning of each year and remains fixed throughout the year until the next annual reset unless a significant business change occurs (
e.g
., acquisition or disposition). We define the difference between our total average common equity and the sum of the average common equity amounts allocated to our business segments as Parent Company common equity. We generally hold Parent Company common equity for prospective regulatory requirements, organic growth, potential future acquisitions and other capital needs.
Average Common Equity Attribution under the Required Capital Framework
1
1.
The attribution of average common equity to the business segments is a non-GAAP financial measure. See “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.
We continue to evaluate our Required Capital framework with respect to the impact of evolving regulatory requirements, as appropriate.
Resolution and Recovery Planning
We are required to submit once every two years to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC (“Agencies”) a resolution plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of our material financial distress or failure. Our next resolution plan submission is due in July 2025.
As described in our most recent resolution plan, our preferred resolution strategy is an SPOE strategy, which would impose losses on the holders of eligible LTD and other forms of eligible TLAC issued by the Parent Company before any losses are imposed on creditors of our supported entities and without requiring taxpayer or government financial support.
For more information about resolution and recovery planning requirements and our activities in these areas, including the implications of such activities in a resolution scenario, see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning,” “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Resolution and Recovery Planning” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Regulatory Developments and Other Matters
Proposed Changes to Capital Requirements
On April 17, 2025, the Federal Reserve proposed revisions to the SCB and CCAR frameworks applicable to us, aimed at reducing the volatility of the capital requirements stemming from the Federal Reserve’s annual stress test results. Under the proposal, our SCB would be based, in part, on the average of the post-stress capital decline embedded in the Federal Reserve’s stress test results over two consecutive years
. Additionally, the proposal would shift the annual effective date of the revised SCB from
October 1 to January 1 of the following year and modify certain elements of the Federal Reserve’s CCAR program.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk
Management believes effective