Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management’s assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Firm maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
The Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm has audited and issued a report on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting, which appears below.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley:
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Morgan Stanley and subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Firm maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the financial statements of the Firm as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 and our report dated February 21, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.
Basis for Opinion
The Firm’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Firm in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable