the event of a market disruption. We define highly liquid assets as government-issued or government-guaranteed securities with a high degree of fundability and less liquid assets as those that do not meet these criteria.
To further minimize the refinancing risk of secured financing for less liquid assets, we have established concentration limits to diversify our investor base and reduce the amount of monthly maturities for secured financing of less liquid assets. As a component of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework, we hold a portion of our Liquidity Resources against the potential disruption to our secured financing capabilities.
In general, we maintain a pool of liquid and easily fundable securities, which takes into account HQLA classifications consistent with LCR definitions, and other regulatory requirements, and provides a valuable future source of liquidity.
Collateralized Financing Transactions
1.
Included within Trading assets in the balance sheet.
See “Total Assets by Business Segment” herein for additional information on the assets shown in the previous table and Notes 2 and 8 to the financial statements for additional information on collateralized financing transactions.
In addition to the collateralized financing transactions shown in the previous table, we engage in financing transactions collateralized by customer-owned securities, which are segregated in accordance with regulatory requirements. Receivables under these financing transactions, primarily margin loans, are included in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheet, and payables under these financing transactions, primarily to prime brokerage customers, are included in Customer and other payables in the balance sheet. Our risk exposure on these transactions is mitigated by collateral maintenance policies and the elements of our Liquidity Risk Management Framework.
Unsecured Financing
We view deposits and borrowings as stable sources of funding for unencumbered securities and non-security assets. Our unsecured financings include borrowings and certificates of
deposit carried at fair value, which are primarily composed of: instruments whose payments and redemption values are linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures; and instruments with various interest rate-related features, including step-ups, step-downs and zero coupons. Also included are unsecured contracts that are not classified as OTC derivatives because they fail initial net investment criteria. As part of our asset/liability management strategy, when appropriate, we use derivatives to make adjustments to the interest rate risk profile of our borrowings (see Notes 6 and 13 to the financial statements).
Deposits
1.
Amounts represent balances swept from client brokerage accounts.
2.
Our Time deposits are predominantly brokered certificates of deposit.
3.
Our deposits are primarily held in