(June 2016 to May 2021). Chief of Staff in the Office of the Chairman and CEO (January 2015 to May 2016). Co-Head of New Product Origination for Derivative Structured Products (December 2012 to December 2014).
Risk Factors
For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results and strategic objectives, see “Forward-Looking Statements” preceding “Business” and “Return on Tangible Common Equity Goal” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Market Risk
Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, spreads, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio. We have direct exposure to market risk. In addition, market risk may also impact our clients and markets in a manner that may indirectly impact us. For more information on how we monitor and manage market risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Market Risk.”
Our results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by global financial market and economic conditions and other factors.
Our results of operations have been in the past and may, in the future, be materially affected by global financial market and economic conditions, including, in particular, by periods of low or slowing economic growth in the United States and other major markets, both directly and indirectly through their impact on client activity levels. These include the level and volatility of equity, fixed income and commodity prices; the level, term structure and volatility of interest rates; inflation, currency values and unemployment rates; the level of other market indices, fiscal or monetary policies established by governments, central banks and financial regulators; and uncertainty concerning the future path of interest rates, government shutdowns, debt ceilings or funding, which may be driven by economic conditions, recessionary fears, market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and clients due to the effects of widespread events such as global pandemics, natural disasters, climate-related incidents, acts of war or aggression, geopolitical instability, changes as a result of global elections, including changes in U.S. presidential administrations or Congress, changes to global trade policies, supply chain complications and the implementation of tariffs, protectionist trade policies, trade sanctions or investment restrictions and other factors, or a combination of these or other factors.
The results of our Institutional Securities business segment, particularly results relating to our involvement in primary and secondary markets for all types of financial products, are subject to substantial market fluctuations due to a variety of factors that we cannot control or predict with great certainty. These fluctuations impact results by causing variations in