Requirements
1.
The CCyB can be set up to
2.5
% but is currently set by the Federal Reserve at
zero
.
The capital buffer requirement represents the amount of CET1 capital the Firm must maintain above the minimum risk-based capital requirements in order to avoid restrictions on the Firm’s ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. The Firm’s capital buffer requirement computed under the standardized approaches for calculating credit risk and market risk RWA (“Standardized Approach”) is equal to the sum of the SCB, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB, and the capital buffer requirement computed under the applicable advanced approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk and operational risk RWA (“Advanced Approach”) is equal to the sum of the
2.5
% capital conservation buffer, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB.
Risk-Based Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements
1.
Required ratios represent the regulatory minimum plus the capital buffer requirement.
Risk-Weighted Assets
RWA reflects both the Firm’s on- and off-balance sheet risk, as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from the following:
•
Credit Risk: The failure of a borrower, counterparty or issuer to meet its financial obligations to the Firm;
•
Market Risk: Adverse changes in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity; and
•
Operational Risk: Inadequate or failed processes or systems from human factors or from external events (e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyberattacks or damage to physical assets).
The Firm’s risk-based capital ratios are computed under both (i) the Standardized Approach and (ii) the Advanced Approach. The credit risk RWA calculations between the two approaches differ in that the Standardized Approach requires calculation of RWA using prescribed risk weights, whereas the Advanced Approach utilizes models to calculate exposure amounts and risk weights. At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the differences between the actual and required ratio were lower under the Standardized Approach.
Leverage-Based Regulatory Capital.
Leverage-based capital requirements include a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of
4
%, a minimum SLR of
3
% and an enhanced SLR capital buffer of at least
2
%.
The Firm’s Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios
Risk-based capital
1.
Required ratios are inclusive of any buffers applicable as of the date presented.
Leveraged-based capital
1.
Adjusted average assets represents the denominator of the Tier 1 leverage ratio and is composed of the average daily balance of consolidated on-balance sheet assets for the quarters ending on the respective balance sheet dates, reduced by disallowed goodwill, intangible assets, investments in covered funds, defined benefit pension plan assets, after-tax gain on sale from assets