and our technology supporting evolving client needs.
Within our Investment Management business segment, our ability to compete successfully is affected by several factors, including our reputation, quality of investment professionals, performance of investment strategies or product offerings relative to peers and appropriate benchmark indices, advertising and sales promotion efforts, fee levels, the effectiveness of and access to distribution channels and investment pipelines, the types of products offered, and regulatory restrictions specific to FHCs. Our investment products, including alternative investment products, compete with investments offered by other investment managers, including by investment managers who may be subject to less stringent legal and regulatory regimes than us. For certain products and geographies, we have experienced and will also likely continue to experience competitive pressures in our Investment Management business segment as other investment managers and distributors continue to put downward pressure on fees.
Supervision and Regulation
As a major financial services firm, we are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. federal and state regulatory agencies and securities exchanges and by regulators and exchanges in each of the major markets where we conduct our business.
We continue to monitor the changing political, tax and regulatory environment. While it is likely that there will be changes in the way major financial institutions are regulated in both the U.S. and other markets in which we operate, it remains difficult to predict the exact impact these changes will have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for a particular future period. We expect to remain subject to extensive supervision and regulation.
Financial Holding Company
Consolidated Supervision.
We operate as a bank holding company (“BHC”) and FHC under the BHC Act and are subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve. In particular, we are subject to (among other things): significant regulation and supervision; intensive scrutiny of our businesses and plans for expansion of those businesses; limitations on activities; a systemic risk regime that imposes heightened capital and liquidity requirements; restrictions on activities and investments imposed by a section of the BHC Act added by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank Act”) referred to as the “Volcker Rule,” and comprehensive derivatives regulation. In addition, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) has primary rulemaking, enforcement and examination authority over us
and our subsidiaries with respect to federal consumer protection laws.
Scope of Permitted Activities.
The BHC Act limits the activities of BHCs and FHCs and grants the Federal Reserve authority to limit our ability to conduct activities. We must obtain the Federal Reserve’s approval before