equal the portion of the investments being hedged and the underlying exchange rate of the derivative hedging instrument is the same as the exchange rate between the functional currency of the investee and the intermediate parent entity’s functional currency, it is considered to be perfectly effective. The gain or loss from revaluing qualifying hedges of net investments in foreign operations at the spot rate is reported within AOCI. The forward points on the hedging instruments are excluded from hedge effectiveness testing and changes in the fair value of
this excluded component are recorded currently in Interest income.
Cash Flow Hedges—Interest Rate Risk
The Firm’s designated cash flow hedges consist of interest rate derivatives designated as hedges of variability in forecasted cash flows from floating-rate assets due to changes in the contractually specified interest rates. The Firm uses regression analysis to perform an ongoing prospective and retrospective assessment of the effectiveness of these hedging relationships.
The objective of this strategy is to hedge the risk of changes in the hedged item’s cash flows attributable to changes in the contractually specified interest rate. For qualifying cash flow hedges of contractually specified interest rates, changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in OCI and subsequently reclassified to earnings in the same periods when the hedged item affects earnings. If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, AOCI is released into earnings immediately if the cash flow of the hedged item is probable of not occurring. Otherwise the amount in AOCI is released into earnings as the forecasted transaction affects earnings.
Other Hedges
In addition to hedges that are designated and qualify for hedge accounting, the Firm uses derivatives to economically hedge credit risk associated with certain held-for-sale and held-for-investment corporate loans and lending commitments, and the related gains and losses are reported within Other revenues in the income statement.
For further information on derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 6.
AFS Investment Securities
AFS securities are reported at fair value in the balance sheet. Interest income, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, is included in Interest income in the income statement. Unrealized gains are recorded in OCI, and unrealized losses are recorded either in OCI or in Other revenues as described below.
AFS securities in an unrealized loss position are first evaluated to determine whether there is an intent to sell or it is more likely than not the Firm will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis. If so, the amortized cost basis is written down to the fair value of the security such that the entire unrealized loss is recognized in Other revenues, and any previously established ACL is written off.
For all other AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, any portion of unrealized