impacted by market-making, lending and financing activities as we generally earn interest on securities held by the Firm, Securities borrowed, Securities purchased under agreements to resell, Loans and margin loans, while Borrowings, Securities loaned and Securities sold under agreements to repurchase generally incur interest expense.
Within the Wealth Management business segment, Interest income is driven by assets held including Investment securities, Loans and margin loans. Interest expense is driven by Deposits and other funding.
Other
Other revenues for Institutional Securities include revenues and losses from equity method investments, fees earned in association with lending activities, mark-to-market gains and losses on loans and lending commitments held for sale, as well as gains and losses on economic derivative hedges associated with certain held-for-sale and held-for-investment loans and lending commitments.
Other revenues for Wealth Management include realized gains and losses on AFS securities, account handling fees, referral fees and other miscellaneous revenues.
Provision for Credit Losses
The Provision for credit losses includes the provision for credit losses for loans and lending commitments held for investment.
Institutional Securities—Fixed Income and Equities
Fixed income and Equities net revenues are composed of Trading revenues, Commissions and fees, Asset management revenues, Net interest, and certain Investments and Other revenues directly attributable to those businesses. These revenues, which can be affected by a variety of interrelated factors, including market volumes, bid-offer spreads and the impact of market conditions on inventory held to facilitate client activity, as well as the effect of hedging activity, are viewed in the aggregate when assessing the performance and profitability of our businesses.
Following is a description of the revenue-generating activities within our equity and fixed income businesses, as well as how their results impact the income statement line items.
Equity—Financing.
We provide financing, prime brokerage and fund administration services to our clients active in the equity markets through a variety of products, including margin lending, securities lending and swaps. Results from this business are largely driven by the difference between financing income earned and financing and liquidity costs incurred, which are reflected in Net interest for securities lending products, and in Trading revenues for derivative products. Fees for providing fund administration services are reflected in Asset management revenues.
Equity—Execution services.
A significant portion of the results for this business is generated by commissions and fees from executing and clearing client transactions on major stock and derivative exchanges, as well as from OTC transactions. We make markets for our clients principally in equity-related securities and derivative products, including those that provide liquidity and