business segments.
•
EMEA net revenues in the current quarter increased 25% from the prior year quarter, primarily driven by higher Equity revenues within the Institutional Securities business segment and higher results within the Investment Management business segment.
•
Asia net revenues in the current quarter increased 35% from the prior year quarter, primarily driven by higher Equity revenues within the Institutional Securities business segment.
Selected Financial Information and Other Statistical Data
1.
The expense efficiency ratio represents total non-interest expenses as a percentage of net revenues.
2.
ROE and ROTCE represent annualized earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders as a percentage of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively.
3.
Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.
4.
Pre-tax margin represents income before provision for income taxes as a percentage of net revenues.
5.
For a discussion of Liquidity resources, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Balance Sheet—Liquidity Risk Management Framework—Liquidity Resources” herein.
6.
Includes loans held for investment, net of ACL, loans held for sale and also includes loans at fair value, which are included in Trading assets in the balance sheet.
7.
Book value per common share and tangible book value per common share equal common equity and tangible common equity, respectively, divided by common shares outstanding.
8.
Client assets represents the sum of Wealth Management client assets and Investment Management AUM. Certain Wealth Management client assets are invested in Investment Management products and are therefore also included in Investment Management’s AUM.
9.
For a discussion of our capital ratios, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” herein.
Economic and Market Conditions
The economic environment, client and investor confidence and overall market sentiment deteriorated in 2025, as recent developments around global trade and government policies resulted in increased economic uncertainty and market volatility. Geopolitical risks, inflation, as well as the timing and pace of central bank actions related to interest rates present ongoing risks to the economic environment and growth. These factors have impacted, and could continue to impact capital markets and our businesses, as discussed further in “Business Segments” herein.
For more information on economic and market conditions, and the potential effects of geopolitical events and acts of war or aggression on our future results, refer to “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Statements” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information
We prepare our financial statements using U.S. GAAP. From time to time, we may disclose certain “non-GAAP financial measures” in this document or in the course of our earnings releases, earnings and other conference calls, financial presentations, definitive