indicators of trends in a firm’s risk profile rather than as an absolute measure of risk to be compared across firms.
Our regulators have approved the same VaR model we use for risk management purposes for use in regulatory calculations.
The portfolio of positions used for Management VaR differs from that used for Regulatory VaR. Management VaR contains certain positions that are excluded from Regulatory VaR.
95%/One-Day Management VaR
1.
The high and low VaR values for the Total Management VaR and each of the component VaRs might have occurred on different days during the quarter, and, therefore, the diversification benefit is not an applicable measure.
2.
Diversification benefit equals the difference between the total VaR and the sum of the component VaRs. This benefit arises because the simulated one-day losses for each of the components occur on different days. Similar diversification benefits are also taken into account within each component.
Average Total Management VaR and average Management VaR for the Primary Risk Categories decreased  from 2023, primarily driven by lower market volatility.
Distribution of VaR Statistics and Net Revenues
We evaluate the reasonableness of our VaR model by comparing the potential declines in portfolio values generated by the model with corresponding actual trading results for the Firm, as well as individual business units. For days where losses exceed the VaR statistic, we examine the drivers of
trading losses to evaluate the VaR model’s accuracy. There were 11 trading loss days in 2024, none of which exceeded 95% Total Management VaR, compared to 16 trading loss days in 2023, one of which exceeded 95% Total Management VaR.
Daily 95%/One-Day Total Management VaR for 2024
($ in millions)
Daily Net Trading Revenues for 2024
($ in millions)
Daily net trading revenues include profits and losses from Interest rate and credit spread, Equity price, Foreign exchange rate, Commodity price, and Credit Portfolio positions and intraday trading activities for our trading businesses. Certain items such as fees, commissions, net interest income and counterparty default risk are excluded from daily net trading revenues and the VaR model. Revenues required for Regulatory VaR backtesting further exclude intraday trading.
Non-Trading Risks
We believe that sensitivity analysis is an appropriate representation of our non-trading risks. The following
sensitivity analyses cover substantially all of the non-trading market risk in our portfolio.
Credit Spread Risk Sensitivity
1
1.
Amounts represent the potential gain for each 1 bps widening of our credit spread.
The Wealth Management business segment reflects a substantial portion of our non-trading interest rate risk. Net interest income in the Wealth Management business segment primarily consists of interest income earned on non-trading assets held, including loans and investment securities, as well as margin and other lending on non-bank entities and interest expense incurred