respond is perceived negatively, our business and reputation may suffer.
The risks associated with, and the perspective of regulators, governments, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, as well as geopolitical events, continue to evolve rapidly, making it difficult to assess the ultimate impact on us of climate-related risks and uncertainties. As climate risk is interconnected with other risks, we have developed and continue to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management practices and governance structures. Despite our risk management practices, the unpredictability surrounding the timing and severity of climate-related events, and societal or political changes in reaction to them, make it difficult to predict, identify, monitor and mitigate climate risks.
In addition, the methodologies and data used to manage and monitor climate risk continue to evolve. Current approaches utilize information and estimates that have been derived from information or factors released by third-party sources, which may not reflect the latest or most accurate data. Climate-related data, particularly greenhouse gas emissions for clients and counterparties, remains limited in availability and varies in quality. Certain third-party information may also change
over time as methodologies evolve and are refined. While we believe this information is the best available at the time, we may only be able to complete limited validation. Furthermore, modeling capabilities and methodologies to analyze climate-related risks, although improving, remain nascent and emerging and are subject to uncertainty due to limited historical trend information and the absence of standardized and comprehensive data. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially, which could impact our ability to manage climate-related risks.
Competitive Environment
We face strong competition from financial services firms and others, which could lead to pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
The financial services industry and all aspects of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. We compete with commercial banks, global investment banks, regional banks, broker-dealers, wire houses, private banks, registered investment advisers, digital investing platforms, traditional and alternative asset managers, financial technology firms and other companies offering financial and ancillary services in the U.S. and globally. We compete on the basis of several factors, including transaction execution, capital or access to capital, products and services, innovation, technology, reputation, risk appetite and price.
We have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, increased competition in the U.S. and globally driven by established financial services firms and emerging firms, including non-financial companies and business models focusing on