adjusted for DCP for both Firm and Wealth Management business segment. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Other Matters” in the 2024 Form 10-K for more information.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures by Business Segment
1.
Average common equity and average tangible common equity for each business segment is determined using our Required Capital framework (see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework” herein). The sums of the segments’ Average common equity and Average tangible common equity do not equal the Consolidated measures due to Parent Company equity.
2.
The calculation of ROE and ROTCE by segment uses net income applicable to Morgan Stanley by segment less preferred dividends allocated to each segment, annualized as a percentage of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively, allocated to each segment.
Return on Tangible Common Equity Goal
We have an ROTCE goal of 20%. Our ROTCE goal is a forward-looking statement that is based on a normal market environment and may be materially affected by many factors.
See “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Statements” in the 2024 Form 10-K for further information on market and economic conditions and their potential effects on our future operating results.
ROTCE represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on non-GAAP measures, see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.
Business Segments
Substantially all of our operating revenues and operating expenses are directly attributable to our business segments. Certain revenues and expenses have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues, non-interest expenses or other relevant measures. See Note 19 to the financial statements for segment net revenues by income statement line item and information on intersegment transactions.
For an overview of the components of our business segments, net revenues, provision for credit losses, compensation expense and income taxes, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business Segments” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Institutional Securities
Income Statement Information
Investment Banking
Investment Banking Volumes
Source: LSEG Data & Risk Analytics (formerly known as Refinitiv) as of April 1, 2025. Transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. In addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal, change in value or change in timing of certain transactions.
1.
Includes transactions of $100 million or more. Based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction.
2.
Based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers.
3.
Includes Rule 144A issuances and registered public offerings of