of the sale were not material for all periods presented.
2.
Sponsored by non-affiliates.
The Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain assets transferred in securitization transactions sponsored by the Firm (see Note 14).
Assets Sold with Retained Exposure
1.
The carrying value of assets derecognized at the time of sale approximates gross cash proceeds.
The Firm enters into transactions in which it sells securities, primarily equities, and contemporaneously enters into bilateral OTC derivatives with the purchasers of the securities, through which it retains exposure to the sold securities.
16.
Regulatory Requirements
Regulatory Capital Framework
The Firm is an FHC under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is subject to the regulation and oversight of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”). The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements for the Firm, including “well-capitalized” standards, and evaluates the Firm’s compliance with such capital requirements. The OCC establishes similar capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s U.S. bank subsidiaries, including, among others, MSBNA and MSPBNA (together, “U.S. Bank Subsidiaries”). The regulatory capital requirements are largely based on the Basel III capital standards established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. In addition, many of the Firm’s regulated subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including regulated subsidiaries registered as swap dealers with the CFTC or conditionally registered as security-based swap dealers with the SEC or registered as broker-dealers or futures commission merchants.
Regulatory Capital Requirements
The Firm is required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital ratios under regulatory capital requirements. A summary of the calculations of regulatory capital and RWA follows.
Risk-Based Regulatory Capital.
Risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (which includes Tier 2 capital), each as a percentage of RWA, and consist of regulatory minimum required ratios plus the Firm’s capital buffer requirement. Capital requirements require certain adjustments to, and deductions from, capital for purposes of determining these ratios.
CECL Deferral.
Beginning on January 1, 2020, the Firm elected to defer the effect of the adoption of CECL on its risk-based and leverage-based capital amounts and ratios, as well as RWA, adjusted average assets and supplementary leverage exposure calculations, over a five-year transition period. The deferral impacts began to phase in at 25% per year from January 1, 2022 and were phased-in at 75% from January 1, 2024. The deferral impacts were fully phased-in from January 1, 2025.
Capital Buffer