businesses. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by our inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets, our inability to access the secured lending markets, our inability to attract and retain deposits, or unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral by customers or clients. Factors that we cannot control, such as volatility and disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the financial services industry generally, including concerns regarding fiscal matters in the U.S. and other geographic areas, could impair our ability to raise funding.
In addition, our ability to raise funding could be impaired if investors, depositors or lenders develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term financial prospects due to factors such as an incurrence of large trading, credit or operational losses, a downgrade by the rating agencies, a decline in the level of our business activity, if regulatory authorities take significant action against us or our industry, or if we discover significant employee misconduct or illegal activity.
If we are unable to raise funding using the methods described above, we would likely need to utilize other funding sources or finance or liquidate unencumbered assets, such as our investment portfolios or trading assets, to meet maturing liabilities or other obligations. We may be unable to sell some of our assets or we may have to sell assets at a discount to market value, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
Our borrowing costs and access to the debt capital markets depend on our credit ratings.
The cost and availability of unsecured financing generally are impacted by (among other things) our long-term and short-term credit ratings. The rating agencies continue to monitor certain Firm-specific and industrywide factors that are important to the determination of our credit ratings. These include governance, capital adequacy, the level and quality of earnings, liquidity and funding, risk appetite and management, asset quality, strategic direction, business mix, regulatory or legislative changes, macroeconomic environment and perceived levels of support, and it is possible that the rating agencies could downgrade our ratings and those of similar institutions.
Our credit ratings also can have an adverse impact on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer-term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as OTC and other derivative transactions, including credit derivatives and interest rate swaps. In connection with certain OTC trading agreements and certain other agreements associated with our Institutional Securities business segment, we may be required to provide additional collateral to, or immediately settle any outstanding liability balance with, certain counterparties in the event of a credit rating downgrade.
Termination of our trading agreements could cause us to