subsidiaries is excluded.
The NSFR rule requires large banking organizations to maintain an amount of available stable funding, which is their regulatory capital and liabilities subject to standardized weightings, equal to or greater than their required stable funding, which is their projected minimum funding needs, over a one-year time horizon.
As of March 31, 2025, we and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are compliant with the minimum LCR and NSFR requirements of 100%.
Liquidity Coverage Ratio
1.
Primarily includes U.S. Treasuries, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, sovereign bonds and investment grade corporate bonds.
Funding Management
We manage our funding in a manner that reduces the risk of disruption to our operations. We pursue a strategy of diversification of secured and unsecured funding sources (by product, investor and region) and attempt to ensure that the tenor of our liabilities equals or exceeds the expected holding period of the assets being financed. Our goal is to achieve an optimal mix of durable secured and unsecured financing.
We fund our balance sheet on a global basis through diverse sources. These sources include our equity capital, borrowings, bank notes, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities lending, deposits, letters of credit and lines of credit. We have active financing programs for both standard and structured products targeting global investors and currencies.
Treasury allocates interest expense to our businesses based on the tenor and interest rate profile of the assets being funded. Treasury similarly allocates interest income to businesses carrying deposit products and other liabilities across the businesses based on the characteristics of those deposits and other liabilities.
Secured Financing
For a discussion of our secured financing activities, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Funding Management—Secured Financing” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Collateralized Financing Transactions
1.
Included within Trading assets in the balance sheet.
See “Total Assets by Business Segment” herein for additional information on the assets shown in the previous table and Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K and Note 8 to the financial statements for additional information on collateralized financing transactions.
In addition to the collateralized financing transactions shown in the previous table, we engage in financing transactions collateralized by customer-owned securities, which are segregated in accordance with regulatory requirements. Receivables under these financing transactions, primarily margin loans, are included in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheet, and payables under these financing transactions, primarily to prime brokerage customers, are included in Customer and other payables in the balance sheet. Our risk exposure on these transactions is mitigated by collateral