vehicles (including CLOs) managed by Investment Management, composed primarily of senior secured loans to corporations.
3.
Lending commitments represent the notional amount of legally binding obligations to provide funding to clients for lending transactions. Since commitments associated with these business activities may expire unused or may not be utilized to full capacity, they do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements.
We provide loans and lending commitments to a variety of customers, including large corporate and institutional clients, as well as high to ultra-high net worth individuals. In addition, we purchase loans in the secondary market. Loans and lending commitments are either held for investment, held for sale or carried at fair value. For more information on these loan classifications, see Note 2 to the financial statements.
In 2024, total loans and lending commitments increased by approximately $47 billion, primarily due to an increase in Corporate lending commitments and Secured lending facilities within the Institutional Securities business segment, and growth across portfolios within the Wealth Management business segment.
See Notes 4, 5, 9 and 14 to the financial statements for further information.
Allowance for Credit Losses—Loans and Lending Commitments
Provision for Credit Losses by Business Segment
Credit exposure arising from our loans and lending commitments is measured in accordance with our internal risk management standards. Risk factors considered in determining the allowance for credit losses for loans and lending commitments include the borrower’s financial strength, industry, facility structure, LTV ratio, debt service ratio, collateral and covenants. Qualitative and environmental factors such as economic and business conditions, nature and volume of the portfolio and lending terms, and volume and severity of past due loans may also be considered.
The allowance for credit losses for loans and lending commitments was relatively unchanged since December 31, 2023, reflecting provisions for certain specific commercial real estate loans and growth in the corporate loan portfolio, offset by charge-offs related to commercial real estate lending, mainly in the office sector, and improvements in the macroeconomic outlook.
The base scenario used in our ACL models as of December 31, 2024 was generated using a combination of consensus economic forecasts, forward rates, and internally developed and validated models. This scenario assumes continued economic growth as well as lower interest rates relative to the prior year forecast. The ACL calculation incorporates key macroeconomic variables, including U.S. real GDP growth rate. The significance of key macroeconomic variables on the ACL calculation varies depending on portfolio composition and economic conditions.
Forecasted U.S. Real GDP Growth Rates in Base Scenario
Other key macroeconomic variables used in the ACL calculation include corporate