instruments are included within Trading assets—Derivative and other contracts or Trading liabilities—Derivative and other contracts in the balance sheet. For hedges where hedge accounting is being applied, the Firm performs effectiveness testing and other procedures. The change in the fair value of the designated portion of the hedging instrument should be
highly correlated, between
80
and
125
percent of the change in the fair value, cash flows, or carrying value (due to translation gains or losses) of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. The Firm considers the impact of valuation adjustments related to counterparty credit spreads and its own credit spreads to determine whether they would cause the hedging relationship to be ineffective.
Fair Value Hedges—Interest Rate Risk
The Firm’s designated fair value hedges consist of interest rate swaps designated as hedges of changes in the benchmark interest rate of certain fixed-rate AFS securities and senior borrowings. The Firm also designates interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of changes in the benchmark interest rate of certain fixed rate deposits. The Firm is permitted to hedge the full, or part of the contractual term of the hedged instrument. The Firm uses regression analysis to perform an ongoing prospective and retrospective assessment of the effectiveness of these hedging relationships. For qualifying fair value hedges of benchmark interest rates, the change in the fair value of the derivative, offset by the change in the fair value attributable to the change in the benchmark interest rate risk of the hedged asset (liability), is recognized in earnings each period as a component of Interest income (expense). For AFS securities, the change in fair value of the hedged item due to changes other than the risk being hedged will continue to be reported in OCI. When a derivative is de-designated as a hedge, any basis adjustment remaining on the hedged asset (liability) is amortized to Interest income (expense) over the remaining life of the asset (liability) using the effective interest method. For certain AFS securities, the Firm also applies the portfolio layer method of hedge accounting, which permits prepayable and non-prepayable assets to be included in the portfolio and allows more of the portfolio to be hedged. Further, the portfolio layer method of accounting requires that basis adjustments are maintained at the portfolio level and not allocated to individual items until certain de-designation events occur.
The amount designated as hedged is the sum of the notional amounts of all outstanding layers in each portfolio.
Refer to Note 6 and Note 7 to the financial statements for additional information on portfolio layer method hedging.
Net Investment Hedges
The Firm uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage a portion of the currency exposure relating to its net investments in foreign operations. To the extent that the notional amounts of the hedging instruments