Measurements—Fund Interests” in Note 4 for the carrying value of certain of the Firm’s fund interests, which are composed of general and limited partnership interests, as well as any related carried interest.
Japanese Securities Joint Venture
For more information on MUMSS and other relationships with MUFG, see Note 11 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Tax Equity Investments
The Firm invests in tax equity investment interests which entitle the Firm to a share of tax credits and other income tax benefits generated by the projects underlying the investments.
The Firm accounts for certain renewable energy and other tax equity investments programs using the proportional amortization method.
Tax Equity Investments under the Proportional Amortization Method
1.
Amounts include unfunded equity contributions of $
648
million and $
613
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The corresponding liabilities for the commitments to fund these equity contributions are recorded in Other liabilities and accrued expenses. The majority of these commitments are expected to be funded within
5
years.
2.
Amounts exclude $
48
million and $
48
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, of tax equity investments within programs for which the Firm elected the proportional amortization method that do not meet the conditions to apply the proportional amortization method, which are accounted for as equity method investments.
Income tax credits and other income tax benefits recognized as well as proportional amortization are included in the Provision for income taxes line in the consolidated income statement and in the Depreciation and amortization line in the consolidated cash flow statement.
Net Benefits Attributable to Tax Equity Investments under the Proportional Amortization Method
11.
Deposits
Deposits
Time Deposit Maturities
12
.
Borrowings and Other Secured Financings
Borrowings
1.
Only includes borrowings with original maturities greater than one year.
Other Secured Financings
Other secured financings include the liabilities related to collateralized notes, transfers of financial assets that are accounted for as financings rather than sales and consolidated VIEs where the Firm is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. These liabilities are generally payable from the cash flows of the related assets accounted for as Trading assets. See Note 14 for further information on other secured financings related to VIEs and securitization activities.
For transfers of assets that fail to meet accounting criteria for a sale, the Firm continues to record the assets and recognizes the associated liabilities in the balance sheet.
13.
Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies
Commitments
1.
These amounts primarily include secured financing receivables yet to settle as of March 31, 2025, with settlement generally occurring within three business days. These amounts also include commitments to enter into certain