Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” and Note 16 to the financial statements.
Capital Planning, Stress Tests and Capital Distributions.
The Federal Reserve has adopted capital planning and stress test requirements for large BHCs, including Morgan Stanley. For more information about our capital planning and stress test requirements, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements.”
In addition, the Federal Reserve, the OCC and the FDIC have the authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including us and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. For information about the Federal Reserve’s restrictions on capital distributions for large BHCs, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer.” All of these policies and other requirements could affect our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase stock or require us to provide capital assistance to our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries under circumstances that we would not otherwise decide to do.
Liquidity Requirements.
In addition to capital regulations, the U.S. banking agencies have adopted liquidity and funding standards, including the LCR, the NSFR, liquidity stress testing and associated liquidity reserve requirements.
For more information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Balance Sheet—Regulatory Liquidity Framework.”
Systemic Risk Regime.
Under rules issued by the Federal Reserve, large BHCs, including Morgan Stanley, must conduct internal liquidity stress tests, maintain unencumbered highly liquid assets to meet projected net cash outflows for 30 days over the range of liquidity stress scenarios used in internal stress tests, and comply with various liquidity risk management requirements. These large BHCs also must comply with a range of risk management and corporate governance requirements.
The Federal Reserve also imposes single-counterparty credit limits (“SCCL”) for large banking organizations. U.S. global systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”), including us, are
subject to a limit of 15% of Tier 1 capital for aggregate net credit exposures to any “major counterparty” (defined to include other U.S. G-SIBs, foreign G-SIBs and non-bank systemically important financial institutions supervised by the Federal Reserve). In addition, we are subject to a limit of 25% of Tier 1 capital for aggregate net credit exposures to any other unaffiliated counterparty.
The Federal Reserve may establish additional prudential standards for large BHCs,