in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Anti-corruption laws generally prohibit offering, promising, giving or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a government official or private party in order to influence official action or otherwise gain an unfair business advantage, such as to obtain or retain business.
Cyber and Information Security Risk Management and Protection of Client Information
The financial services industry faces increased global regulatory focus regarding cyber and information security risk management practices. Many aspects of our businesses are subject to cybersecurity legal, regulatory and disclosure requirements enacted by U.S. federal and state governments and other non-U.S. jurisdictions. These requirements are generally aimed at codifying basic cybersecurity protections and mandating data breach notification requirements.
Our businesses are also subject to increasing privacy and data protection legal requirements concerning the use and protection of certain personal information with regard to clients, employees and others. These requirements impose mandatory privacy and data protection obligations, including providing for individual rights, enhanced governance and accountability requirements, and significant fines and litigation risk for noncompliance. In addition, several jurisdictions have enacted or proposed personal and other data localization requirements and restrictions on cross-border transfer of personal and other data that may restrict our ability to conduct business in those jurisdictions or create additional financial and regulatory burdens to do so.
Numerous jurisdictions have passed laws, rules and regulations in these areas and many are considering new or updated ones that could impact our businesses, particularly as the application, interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations are often uncertain and evolving. Many aspects of our businesses are subject to legal requirements concerning the use and protection of certain customer and other information, as well as the privacy and cybersecurity laws referenced above. We have adopted measures designed to comply with these and related applicable requirements in all relevant jurisdictions.
For additional information on our cybersecurity strategy and processes, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Operational Risk—Cybersecurity.”
Human Capital
Employees and Culture
Our employees are our most important asset. With offices in 42 countries, we had approximately 80 thousand employees across the globe as of December 31, 2024, whom we depend on to build value for our clients and shareholders. We are committed to a meritocracy based on the principles of rigor, humility and partnership. To facilitate talent attraction and retention, we strive to make Morgan Stanley a diverse and inclusive workplace with a strong culture and opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their