instruments are charged off against Interest income when the related financial instrument is placed on nonaccrual status. Accordingly, the Firm elected not to measure an ACL for accrued interest receivables.
Transfers of Financial Assets
Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when the Firm has relinquished control over the transferred assets. Any related gain or loss on sale is recorded in Net revenues. Transfers that are not accounted for as sales are treated as collateralized financings. Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase are treated as collateralized financings (see Note 8).
Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repurchase agreements”) and Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”),
including repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements-to-maturity, are carried in the balance sheet at the amount of cash paid or received plus accrued interest except for certain reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements for which the Firm has elected the fair value option (see Note 5). Where appropriate, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis. Securities borrowed and securities loaned are recorded at the amount of cash collateral advanced or received.
In instances where the Firm is the lender in securities-for-securities transactions and is permitted to sell or repledge these securities, the fair value of the collateral received is reported in Trading assets, and the related obligation to return the collateral is reported in Trading liabilities in the balance sheet. Securities-for-securities transactions where the Firm is the borrower are not included in the balance sheet.
In order to manage credit exposure arising from these transactions, in appropriate circumstances, the Firm enters into master netting agreements and collateral agreements with its counterparties. These agreements provide the Firm with the right, in the event of a default by the counterparty, to net a counterparty’s rights and obligations under the agreement and to liquidate and set off collateral held by the Firm against the net amount owed by the counterparty.
The Firm’s policy is generally to take possession of securities purchased or borrowed in connection with reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed transactions, respectively, and to receive cash and/or securities delivered under repurchase agreements or securities loaned transactions (with rights of rehypothecation).
For information related to offsetting of certain collateralized transactions, see Note 8.
Premises, Equipment and Capitalized Software Costs
Premises, equipment and capitalized software costs consist of buildings, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, computer and communications equipment, power generation assets and capitalized software (externally purchased and developed for