certain clearing organizations in the event of a future credit rating downgrade irrespective of whether we are in a net asset or net liability position. See Note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on OTC derivatives that contain such contingent features.
While certain aspects of a credit rating downgrade are quantifiable pursuant to contractual provisions, the impact it would have on our business and results of operations in future periods is inherently uncertain and would depend on a number of interrelated factors, including, among other things, the magnitude of the downgrade, the rating relative to peers, the rating assigned by the relevant agency before the downgrade, individual client behavior and future mitigating actions we might take. The liquidity impact of additional collateral requirements is included in our Liquidity Stress Tests.
Capital Management
We view capital as an important source of financial strength and actively manage our consolidated capital position based upon, among other things, business opportunities, risks, capital availability and rates of return together with internal capital policies, regulatory requirements, such as the SCB, and rating agency guidelines. In the future, we may expand or contract our capital base to address the changing needs of our businesses.
Common Stock Repurchases
For additional information on our common stock repurchases, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” herein and Note 17 to the financial statements.
For a description of our capital plan, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” herein.
Common Stock Dividend Announcement
For additional information on our common stock dividends, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” herein.
For additional information on our common stock and information on our preferred stock, see Note 17 to the financial statements.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements, including through unconsolidated SPEs and lending-related financial instruments (
e.g.
, guarantees and commitments), primarily in connection with the Institutional Securities and Investment Management business segments.
We utilize SPEs primarily in connection with securitization activities. For information on our securitization activities, see Note 15 to the financial statements.
For information on our commitments, obligations under certain guarantee arrangements and indemnities, see Note 14 to the financial statements. For a further discussion of our lending commitments, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk—Loans and Lending Commitments” herein.
Regulatory Requirements
Regulatory Capital Framework
We are an FHC under the BHC Act and are subject to the regulation and