technology innovation, competing for the same clients and assets, or offering similar products and services to retail and institutional customers. It is also possible that competition may become even more intense as we continue to compete with financial or other institutions that may be, or will become, larger, or better capitalized, or may have a stronger local presence and longer operating history in certain geographies or products.
We have experienced, and may continue to experience, pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing prices and fees, paying higher interest rates on deposits, eliminating commissions or other fees or otherwise providing more favorable terms of business. In addition, certain of our competitors may be subject to different and, in some cases, less stringent, legal and regulatory regimes than we are, thereby putting us at a competitive disadvantage. For more information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, see “Business—Competition” and “Business—Supervision and Regulation.”
Automated trading markets and the introduction and application of new technologies may adversely affect our business and may increase competition.
We continue to experience price competition in some of our businesses. In particular, the ability to execute securities, derivatives and other financial instrument trades electronically on exchanges, swap execution facilities and other automated trading platforms, and the introduction and application of new technologies, including generative artificial intelligence, will likely continue the pressure on revenues. The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets will likely continue as additional markets move to more automated trading platforms. We have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future.
Our ability to retain and attract qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance.
Our people are our most important asset. We compete with various other companies in attracting and retaining qualified and skilled personnel. If we are unable to continue to attract, integrate and retain highly qualified employees or successfully transition key roles, or do so at levels or in forms necessary to maintain our competitive position, our performance, including our competitive position and results of operations, could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to attract and retain qualified and skilled personnel depends on numerous factors, some of which are outside of our control.
Compensation costs required to attract and retain employees may increase or the competitive market for talent may further intensify due to factors such as low unemployment, a strong job market and changes in employees’ expectations, concerns and preferences. The financial