notional investments. The menu of investments, which is selected by the Firm, includes fixed income, equity, commodity and money market funds.
Compensation expense for DCP awards is calculated based on the notional value of the award granted, adjusted for changes in the fair value of the referenced investments that employees select. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period relevant to each separately vesting portion of deferred awards.
We invest directly, as principal, in financial instruments and other investments to economically hedge certain of our obligations under these DCP awards. Changes in the fair value of such investments, net of financing costs, are recorded in net revenues, and included in Transactional revenues in the Wealth Management business segment. Although changes in compensation expense resulting from changes in the fair value of the referenced investments will generally be offset by changes in the fair value of investments recognized in net revenues, there is typically a timing difference between the immediate recognition of gains and losses on our investments and the deferred recognition of the related compensation expense over the vesting period. While this timing difference may not be material to our Income before provision for income taxes in any individual period, it may impact the Wealth Management business segment reported ratios and operating metrics in certain periods due to potentially significant impacts to net revenues and compensation expenses. At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, substantially all employee-referenced investments that subjected the Firm to price risk were economically hedged.
Amounts Recognized in Compensation Expense
Amounts Recognized in Compensation Expense by Segment
Projected Future Compensation Obligation
1
1.
Amounts relate to performance years 2024 and prior.
2.
Balance is reflected in Other liabilities and accrued expenses in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.
3.
Amounts do not include assumptions regarding forfeitures or assumptions about future market conditions with respect to referenced investments.
4.
Distributions after February of each year are generally immaterial.
5.
Of the total projected future compensation obligation, approximately 18% relates to Institutional Securities, approximately 74% relates to Wealth Management and approximately 8% relates to Investment Management.
The previous table presents a rollforward of the Firm’s estimated projected future compensation obligation for existing deferred cash-based compensation awards, exclusive of any assumptions about future market conditions with respect to referenced investments.
Projected Future Compensation Expense
1
1.
Amounts relate to performance years 2024 and prior, and do not include assumptions regarding forfeitures or assumptions about future market conditions with respect to referenced investments.
The previous table sets forth an estimate of compensation expense associated with the