the actions they would take to remain a going concern when they experience considerable financial or non-financial stress, but have not deteriorated to the point that resolution is imminent. Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are required to develop a recovery plan by January 2026.
In addition, certain financial companies, including BHCs such as the Firm and certain of its subsidiaries, can be subject to a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority, with the FDIC being appointed as receiver, provided that determination of extraordinary financial distress and systemic risk is made by the U.S. Treasury Secretary in consultation with the U.S. president. Regulators have adopted certain orderly liquidation authority implementing regulations and may expand or clarify these regulations in the future. If we were subject to the orderly liquidation authority, the FDIC would have considerable powers, including: the power to remove directors and officers responsible for our failure and to appoint new directors and officers; the power to assign our assets and liabilities to a third party or bridge financial company without the need for creditor consent or prior court review; the ability to differentiate among our creditors, including treating certain creditors within the same class better than others, subject to a minimum recovery right on the part of disfavored creditors to receive at least what they would have received in bankruptcy liquidation; and broad powers to administer the claims process to determine distributions from the assets of the receivership. The FDIC has indicated that it expects to use an SPOE strategy if the FDIC were to implement the orderly liquidation authority for a U.S. G-SIB.
Regulators have also taken and proposed various actions to facilitate an SPOE strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the orderly liquidation authority or other resolution regimes.
For more information about our resolution plan-related submissions and associated regulatory actions, see “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Resolution and Recovery Planning.”
Institutional Securities and Wealth Management
U.S. Bank Subsidiaries.
Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are FDIC-insured depository institutions subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the OCC and are subject to the OCC’s risk governance guidelines, which establish heightened standards for a large IDI’s risk governance framework and the oversight of that framework by the IDI’s board of directors. Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are also subject to prompt corrective action standards, which require the relevant