Fair Value Measurements
Valuation Techniques and Unobservable Inputs
Points—Percentage of par
IR—Interest rate
FX—Foreign exchange
1.
A single amount is disclosed for range and average when there is no significant difference between the minimum, maximum and average. Amounts represent weighted averages except where simple averages and the median of the inputs are more relevant.
2.
Includes derivative contracts with multiple risks (
i.e.
, hybrid products).
The previous table provides information on the valuation techniques, significant unobservable inputs, and the ranges and averages for each major category of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis with a significant Level 3 balance. The level of aggregation and breadth of products cause the range of inputs to be wide and not evenly distributed across the inventory of financial instruments. Further, the range of unobservable inputs may differ across firms in the financial services industry because of diversity in the types of products included in each firm’s inventory. Generally, there are no predictable relationships between multiple significant unobservable inputs attributable to a given valuation technique.
During 2024, there were no significant revisions made to the descriptions of the Firm’s significant unobservable inputs.
An increase (decrease) to the following significant unobservable inputs would generally result in a higher (lower) fair value.
•
Comparable Bond or Loan Price.
A pricing input used when prices for the identical instrument are not available. Significant subjectivity may be involved when fair value is determined using pricing data available for comparable instruments. Valuation using comparable instruments can be done by calculating an implied yield (or spread over a liquid benchmark) from the price of a comparable bond or loan, then adjusting that yield (or spread) to derive a value for the bond or loan. The adjustment to yield (or spread) should account for relevant differences in the bonds or loans, such as maturity or credit quality. Alternatively, a price-to-price basis can be assumed between the comparable instrument and the bond or loan being valued in order to establish the value of the bond or loan.
•
Comparable Equity Price.
A price derived from equity raises, share buybacks and external bid levels, etc. A discount or premium may be included in the fair value estimate.
•
Contingency Probability.
Probability associated with the realization of an underlying event upon which the value of an asset is contingent.
•
EBITDA Multiple/Exit Multiple.
The ratio of enterprise value to EBITDA, where enterprise value is the aggregate value of equity and debt minus cash and cash equivalents. The EBITDA multiple reflects the value of a company in terms of its full-year EBITDA, whereas the exit multiple reflects the value of a company in terms of its full-year expected EBITDA at exit. Either multiple allows comparison between companies