reference herein.
Information relating to the Firm’s executive officers is contained in the “Business” section of this report under “Information about Our Executive Officers.”
Morgan Stanley’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct applies to all directors, officers and employees, including its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Deputy Chief Financial Officer. You can find the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct on the webpage,
www.morganstanley.com/content/dam/msdotcom/en/about-us-governance/pdf/MS_Code_of_Ethics_and_Business_Conduct_2024.pdf
. The Firm will post any amendments to the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission or the New York Stock Exchange LLC, on the webpage.
Information regarding Morgan Stanley’s Global Policy for Transactions in Morgan Stanley Securities in Morgan Stanley’s proxy statement is incorporated by reference herein. The full text of Morgan Stanley’s Global Policy for Transactions in Morgan Stanley Securities is filed hereto as Exhibit 19.
Executive Compensation
Information relating to director and executive officer compensation in Morgan Stanley’s proxy statement is incorporated by reference herein.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Information relating to equity compensation plans and security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management in Morgan Stanley’s proxy statement is incorporated by reference herein.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions in Morgan Stanley’s proxy statement is incorporated by reference herein.
Information regarding director independence in Morgan Stanley’s proxy statement is incorporated by reference herein.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information regarding principal accountant fees and services in Morgan Stanley’s proxy statement is incorporated by reference herein.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
Documents filed as part of this report
•
The financial statements required to be filed in this annual report on Form 10-K are included in the section titled “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
Exhibit Index
1
Certain of the following exhibits, as indicated parenthetically, were previously filed as exhibits to registration statements filed by Morgan Stanley or its predecessor companies under the Securities Act or to reports or registration statements filed by Morgan Stanley or its predecessor companies under the Exchange Act and are hereby incorporated by reference to such statements or reports. Morgan Stanley’s Exchange Act file number is 1-11758. The Exchange Act file number of
Morgan Stanley Group Inc., a predecessor company (“MSG”), was 1-9085.
1.
For purposes of this Exhibit Index, references to “The Bank of New York” mean in some instances the entity successor to