applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders represents net income applicable to Morgan Stanley reduced by preferred stock dividends. Common shares outstanding include common stock and vested RSUs where recipients have satisfied the relevant vesting terms. Diluted EPS reflects the assumed conversion of all dilutive securities.
Share-based awards, including awards that pay dividend equivalents subject to vesting, are included in diluted shares outstanding (if dilutive) under the treasury stock method.
The Firm has granted PSUs that vest and convert to shares of common stock only if predetermined performance and market goals are satisfied. Since the issuance of the shares is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, the PSUs are included in diluted EPS based on the number of shares (if any) that would be issuable if the reporting date was the end of the performance period.
For further information on diluted earnings (loss) per common share, see Note 17 to the financial statements.
Deferred Compensation
Stock-Based Compensation
The Firm measures compensation expense for stock-based awards at fair value. The Firm determines the fair value of RSUs (including PSUs with non-market performance conditions) based on the grant-date fair value of its common stock, measured as the volume-weighted average price on the date of grant (“VWAP”). The fair value of RSUs not entitled to dividends until conversion is measured at VWAP reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid on the underlying shares prior to scheduled conversion date. PSUs that contain market-based conditions are valued using a Monte Carlo valuation model.
Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period relevant to each separately vesting portion of the award. Compensation expense for awards with performance conditions is recognized based on the probable outcome of the performance condition at each reporting date. Compensation expense for awards with market-based conditions is recognized irrespective of the probability of the market condition being achieved and is not reversed if the market condition is not met. The Firm accounts for forfeitures as they occur.
Stock-based awards generally contain clawback and cancellation provisions. Certain awards provide the Firm discretion to claw back or cancel all or a portion of the award
under specified circumstances. Where award terms are considered to be subjective, a grant date cannot be established and the awards are subject to variable accounting which requires that compensation expense for those awards is adjusted for changes in the fair value of the Firm’s common stock or the relevant model valuation, as appropriate, until conversion, exercise or expiration. Following amendments to clarify specific subjective award terms in the second quarter of 2023, a grant date for the awards was established such that compensation expense for those awards is no longer adjusted for changes in the fair value of the Firm’s