Other expenses.
2.
Nonrecurring changes in the fair value of loans and lending commitments, which exclude the impact of related economic hedges, are calculated as follows: for the held-for-investment category, based on the value of the underlying collateral; and for the held-for-sale category, based on recently executed transactions, market price quotations, valuation models that incorporate market observable inputs where possible, such as comparable loan or debt prices and CDS spread levels adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments, or default recovery analysis where such transactions and quotations are unobservable.
3.
Losses related to Other assets—Other investments were determined using techniques that included discounted cash flow models, methodologies that incorporate multiples of certain comparable companies and recently executed transactions.
4.
Losses related to Other assets—Premises, equipment and software generally include impairments as well as write-offs related to the disposal of certain assets.
5.
Losses related to Other Assets—ROU assets include impairments related to the discontinued leased properties.
Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value
1.
Amounts include loans measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.
2.
Represents Lending commitments accounted for as Held for Investment and Held for Sale. For a further discussion on lending commitments, see Note 14.
The previous tables exclude all non-financial assets and liabilities, such as Goodwill and Intangible assets, and certain
financial instruments, such as equity method investments and certain receivables.
5.
Fair Value Option
The Firm has elected the fair value option for certain eligible instruments that are risk managed on a fair value basis to mitigate income statement volatility caused by measurement basis differences between the elected instruments and their associated risk management transactions or to eliminate complexities of applying certain accounting models.
Borrowings Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Net Revenues from Liabilities under the Fair Value Option
1.
Amounts do not reflect any gains or losses from related economic hedges.
Gains (losses) from changes in fair value are recorded in Trading revenues and are mainly attributable to movements in the reference price or index, interest rates or foreign exchange rates.
Gains (Losses) Due to Changes in Instrument-Specific Credit Risk
1.
Loans and other receivables-specific credit gains (losses) were determined by excluding the non-credit components of gains and losses.
Difference between Contractual Principal and Fair Value
1
1.
Amounts indicate contractual principal greater than or (less than) fair value.
2.
The majority of the difference between principal and fair value amounts for loans and other receivables relates to distressed debt positions purchased at amounts well below par.
3.
Excludes borrowings where the repayment of the initial principal amount