Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Morgan Stanley’s common stock trades under the symbol “MS” on the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 31, 2025, the Firm had 44,836 holders of record; however, the Firm believes the number of beneficial owners of the Firm’s common stock exceeds this number.
The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Firm of its common stock during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2024.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
1.
Includes 510,563 shares acquired by the Firm in satisfaction of the tax withholding obligations on stock-based awards granted under the Firm’s stock-based compensation plans during the three months ended December 31, 2024.
2.
Excludes excise tax of $7 million levied on share repurchases, net of issuances, payable in April 2025.
3.
Share purchases under publicly announced authorizations are made pursuant to open-market purchases, Rule 10b5-1 plans or privately negotiated transactions (including with employee benefit plans) as market conditions warrant and at prices the Firm deems appropriate and may be suspended at any time.
4.
The Firm announced that its Board of Directors reauthorized a multi-year repurchase authorization of up to $20 billion of outstanding common stock (the “Share Repurchase Authorization”) from time to time as conditions warrant and subject to limitations on distributions from the Federal Reserve. The Share Repurchase Authorization is for capital management purposes and considers, among other things, business segment capital needs, as well as equity-based compensation and benefit plan requirements. The Share Repurchase Authorization has no set expiration or termination date.
On June 28, 2024, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors reauthorized a multi-year repurchase authorization of up to $20 billion of outstanding common stock, without a set expiration date, beginning in the third quarter of 2024, which will be exercised from time to time as conditions warrant.
For further information, see “
Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer
.”
Stock Performance Graph
The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return (rounded to the nearest whole dollar) of the Firm’s common stock, the S&P 500 Stock Index and the S&P 500 Financials Sector Index for the last five years. The graph assumes a $100 investment at the closing price on December 31, 2019 and reinvestment of dividends on the respective dividend payment dates without commissions. This graph does not forecast future performance of the Firm’s common stock.
Cumulative Total Return
December 31, 2019 – December 31, 2024
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information relating to the Firm’s directors and nominees in the Firm’s definitive proxy statement for its 2025 annual meeting of shareholders (“Morgan Stanley’s proxy statement”) is incorporated by