has a designated operational risk coordinator. The operational risk coordinator regularly reviews operational risk issues and reports to our senior management within each business. Each control group also has a designated operational risk coordinator and a forum for discussing operational risk matters with our senior management. Oversight of operational risk is provided by the Non-Financial Risk Committee, legal entity risk committees, regional risk committees and senior management. In the event of a merger, joint venture, divestiture, reorganization, or creation of a new legal entity, a new product, or a business activity, operational risks are considered, and any necessary changes in processes or controls are implemented.
The Operational Risk Department and Non-Financial Risk Cyber, Technology, and Information Security Department (“NFR CTIS”) provide independent oversight of operational risk and assess, measure and monitor operational risk against appetite. The Operational Risk Department and NFR CTIS work with the divisions and control groups to embed a transparent, consistent and comprehensive framework for managing operational risk within each area and across the Firm.
The NFR CTIS scope includes oversight of technology risk, cybersecurity risk, information security risk and compliance. The Operational Risk Department scope includes oversight of the fraud risk management and prevention program, and third-party risk management (supplier and affiliate risk oversight and assessment), among others.
Cybersecurity
Risk management and strategy
We, our businesses, and the broader financial services industry face an increasingly complex and evolving threat environment. We have made and continue to make substantial investments in cybersecurity and fraud prevention technology, and employ experienced talent to lead our Cybersecurity and Information Security organizations and program under the oversight of the Board and the BOTC. See “Risk Factors—Operational Risk” for information on risks to the Firm from cybersecurity threats.
As part of the ERM framework, we have implemented and maintain a program to assess, identify and manage risks arising from the cybersecurity threats confronting the Firm (“Cybersecurity Program”).
Our Cybersecurity Program helps
protect our clients, customers, employees, property, products, services and reputation by seeking to preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information, enable the secure delivery of financial services, and protect the business and the safe operation of our technology systems. We continually adjust our Cybersecurity Program to address the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape and comply with extensive legal and regulatory expectations.
Processes for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats
Our Cybersecurity Program takes into account industry best practices and addresses risks from cybersecurity threats to our network, infrastructure, computing