the reasonably likely outcome if either our resolution plan were implemented or a resolution proceeding were commenced under the orderly liquidation authority. An SPOE strategy generally contemplates the provision of adequate capital and liquidity by the Parent Company to certain of its subsidiaries so that such subsidiaries have the resources necessary to implement the resolution strategy, and the Parent Company has entered into a secured amended and restated support agreement with such entities, pursuant to which it would provide such capital and liquidity to such entities.
In addition, a wholly owned, direct subsidiary of the Parent Company, Morgan Stanley Holdings LLC (“Funding IHC”), serves as a resolution funding vehicle. The Parent Company has transferred, and has agreed to transfer on an ongoing basis, certain assets to the Funding IHC. In the event of a resolution scenario, the Parent Company would be obligated to contribute all of its material assets that can be contributed under the terms of the amended and restated support
agreement (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain other assets) to the Funding IHC. The Funding IHC would be obligated to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to certain supported subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of the secured amended and restated support agreement.
The obligations of the Parent Company and of the Funding IHC, respectively, under the amended and restated support agreement are in most cases secured on a senior basis by the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain other assets), and the assets of the Funding IHC, as applicable. As a result, claims of certain supported subsidiaries, including the Funding IHC, against the assets of the Parent Company with respect to such secured assets are effectively senior to unsecured obligations of the Parent Company.
Although an SPOE strategy, whether applied pursuant to our resolution plan or in a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority, is intended to result in better outcomes for creditors overall, there is no guarantee that the application of an SPOE strategy, including the provision of support to the Parent Company’s supported subsidiaries pursuant to the secured amended and restated support agreement, will not result in greater losses for holders of our securities compared with a different resolution strategy for us.
Regulators have taken and proposed various actions to facilitate an SPOE strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the orderly liquidation authority and other resolution regimes. For example, the Federal Reserve requires top-tier BHCs of U.S. G-SIBs, including the Firm, to maintain adequate TLAC, including equity and eligible long-term debt, in order to ensure that such institutions have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of debt to equity or otherwise by imposing