20/01884
and referred the case to the Court of Appeal in The Hague. On November 11, 2024, the Firm reached an agreement to settle the Dutch Authority’s challenges for the tax years 2007 to 2012 and made payment of the prior set-off amounts and interest indicated above. The case has been withdrawn.
On June 22, 2021, Dutch criminal authorities sought various documents in connection with an investigation of the Firm related to the civil claims asserted by the Dutch Authority concerning the accuracy of the Firm subsidiary’s tax returns for 2007 to 2012. The Dutch criminal authorities have requested additional information, and the Firm is continuing to respond to them in connection with their ongoing investigation, and is engaging with them as the criminal process progresses.
U.K. Government Bond Matter
On February 21, 2025, the U.K. Competition and Markets Authority announced a settlement with the Firm, as well as other financial institutions, in connection with its investigation of suspected anti-competitive arrangements in the financial services sector, specifically regarding the Firm’s activities concerning certain liquid fixed income products between 2009 and 2012. Separately, on June 16, 2023, the Firm was named as a defendant in a purported antitrust class action in the United States District Court for the SDNY styled
Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System v. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, et al.
, alleging, inter alia, that the Firm, together with a number of other financial institution defendants, violated U.S. antitrust laws in
connection with their alleged effort to fix prices of gilts traded in the United States between 2009 and 2013. The complaint seeks, inter alia, certification of the class of plaintiffs and treble damages. On September 16, 2024, the court granted defendants’ joint motion to dismiss, and the complaint was dismissed without prejudice. The Firm and certain other defendants have reached an agreement in principle to settle the U.S. litigation.
Other
On August 13, 2021, the plaintiff in
Camelot Event Driven Fund, a Series of Frank Funds Trust v. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, et al.
filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County (“Supreme Court of NY”) a purported class action complaint alleging violations of federal securities laws against ViacomCBS (“Viacom”), certain of its officers and directors, and the underwriters, including the Firm, of two March 2021 Viacom offerings: a $
1.7
billion Viacom Class B Common Stock offering and a $
1
billion offering of
5.75
% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the “Offerings”). The complaint seeks certification of the class of plaintiffs and unspecified compensatory damages and alleges, inter alia, that the Viacom offering documents for both issuances contained material misrepresentations and omissions because they did not disclose that certain of the underwriters, including the Firm, had prime brokerage relationships and/or