its obligation.
Liquidity Facilities.
The Firm has entered into liquidity facilities with SPEs and other counterparties, whereby the Firm is required to make certain payments if losses or defaults occur. Primarily, the Firm acts as liquidity provider to municipal bond securitization SPEs and for stand-alone municipal bonds in which the holders of beneficial interests issued by these SPEs or the holders of the individual bonds, respectively, have the right to tender their interests for purchase by the Firm on specified dates at a specified price. The Firm often may have recourse to the underlying assets held by the SPEs in the event payments are required under such liquidity facilities, as well as make-whole or recourse provisions with the trust sponsors. The recourse amount often exceeds the maximum potential payout amount of the guarantee. Substantially all of the underlying assets in the SPEs are investment grade. Liquidity facilities provided to municipal tender option bond trusts are classified as derivatives.
Whole Loan Sales Guarantees.
The Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain whole loan sales. Under certain circumstances, the Firm may be required to repurchase such assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and warranties are breached. The Firm’s maximum potential payout related to such representations and warranties is equal to the current UPB of such loans. Since the Firm no longer services these loans, it has no information on the current UPB of those loans, and, accordingly, the amount included in the previous table represents the UPB at the time of the whole loan sale or at the time when the Firm last serviced any of those loans. The current UPB balances could be substantially lower than the maximum potential payout
amount included in the previous table. The related liability primarily relates to sales of loans to the federal mortgage agencies.
Securitization Representations and Warranties.
As part of the Firm’s Institutional Securities business segment’s securitizations and related activities, the Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain assets transferred in securitization transactions sponsored by the Firm. The extent and nature of the representations and warranties, if any, vary among different securitizations. Under certain circumstances, the Firm may be required to repurchase certain assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and warranties are breached. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Firm could be required to make would be equal to the current outstanding balances of, or losses associated with, the assets subject to breaches of such representations and warranties. The amount included in the previous table for the maximum potential payout includes the current UPB or historical losses where known and