2024, we received joint feedback on our 2023 resolution plan from the Agencies, with no shortcomings or deficiencies identified. Our next resolution plan submission will be a targeted resolution plan in July 2025. For more information about resolution planning requirements, see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning.”
As described in our most recent resolution plan, our preferred resolution strategy is an SPOE strategy. In line with our
SPOE strategy, the Parent Company has transferred, and has agreed to transfer on an ongoing basis, certain assets to its wholly owned, direct subsidiary Morgan Stanley Holdings LLC (the “Funding IHC”). In addition, the Parent Company has entered into an amended and restated support agreement with its material entities (including the Funding IHC) and certain other subsidiaries. In the event of a resolution scenario, the Parent Company would be obligated to contribute all of its contributable assets to our supported entities and/or the Funding IHC. The Funding IHC would be obligated to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to our supported entities. The combined implication of the SPOE resolution strategy and the requirement to maintain certain levels of TLAC is that losses in resolution would be imposed on the holders of eligible LTD and other forms of eligible TLAC issued by the Parent Company before any losses are imposed on creditors of our supported entities and without requiring taxpayer or government financial support.
The obligations of the Parent Company and the Funding IHC under the amended and restated support agreement are in most cases secured on a senior basis by the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain other assets) and the assets of the Funding IHC. As a result, claims of our supported entities, including the Funding IHC, with respect to the secured assets, are effectively senior to unsecured obligations of the Parent Company.
For more information about resolution and recovery planning requirements and our activities in these areas, including the implications of such activities in a resolution scenario, see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning” and “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk.”
Regulatory Developments and Other Matters
Basel III Endgame and G-SIB Surcharge Proposals
On July 27, 2023, U.S. banking agencies proposed revisions to risk-based capital and related standards applicable to us and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries (“Basel III Endgame Proposal”). We continue to monitor developments related to this rulemaking as well as the proposed revisions to the G-SIB capital surcharge framework.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk
Risk Management
Overview
Risk is an inherent part of our businesses and activities. We believe effective risk management is vital to the success of our business