operational risk profile; liquidity risks; model risks; sales practices; reputational, legal enforceability, compliance and regulatory risks; and technological risks. Participation by the senior officers of the Firm and business segment control groups helps ensure that risk policies and procedures, exceptions to risk limits, new products and business ventures, and transactions with risk elements undergo thorough review.
Internal Audit Department
The Internal Audit Department (“IAD”) independently identifies and assesses risks facing the Firm and provides independent, objective and timely assurance to stakeholders about the effectiveness of risk management, governance and controls over key risks within the Firm’s businesses and functions. Every activity (including outsourced activities) and every entity of the Firm (including subsidiaries, affiliates and branches) is subject to IAD coverage. IAD develops and executes a comprehensive risk-based assurance plan to fulfill its role and purpose, which includes assessing compliance with policies, procedures and laws and regulations. IAD may also conduct other activities, such as retrospective reviews, pre-implementation reviews and investigations as requested by the BAC, senior management or the Firm’s regulators.
IAD executes its activities in accordance with the mandatory elements of The Institute of Internal Auditors’ International Professional Practices Framework as well as the Firm’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, regulatory requirements, and IAD’s policies, procedures, standards and guidance. The Chief Audit Officer, who reports directly to the Chair of the BAC and administratively to the Firm’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), communicates the results of IAD activities to the BAC on a quarterly basis and periodically to the BRC and BOTC.
Culture, Values and Conduct of Employees
Employees of the Firm are accountable for conducting themselves in accordance with our core values:
Put Clients First, Do the Right Thing, Lead with Exceptional Ideas, Commit to Diversity and Inclusion,
and
Give Back
. We are committed to reinforcing and confirming adherence to our core values through our governance framework, tone from the top, management oversight, risk management and controls, and three lines of defense structure (risk owners within the business, our independent risk management functions, including the Financial Risk Management and Non-Financial Risk Management functions, and IAD).
The Board is responsible for overseeing the Firm’s practices and procedures relating to culture, values and conduct, as set forth in the Board’s Corporate Governance Policies. Senior management committees oversee the Firmwide culture, values and conduct program and report regularly to the Board. A
fundamental building block of these programs is the Firm’s Code of Conduct, which establishes standards for employee conduct that further reinforce the Firm’s commitment to integrity and ethical conduct. Every new hire and