including with respect to an early remediation framework, contingent capital, enhanced public disclosures and limits on short-term debt, including off-balance sheet exposures. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements.”
If the Federal Reserve or the Financial Stability Oversight Council determines that a BHC with $250 billion or more in consolidated assets poses a “grave threat” to U.S. financial stability, the institution may be, among other things, restricted in its ability to merge or offer financial products and/or required to terminate activities and dispose of assets. See also “Capital Requirements” and “Liquidity Requirements” and “Resolution and Recovery Planning” herein.
Resolution and Recovery Planning.
We are required to submit once every two years to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a resolution plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of our material financial distress or failure. Interim updates are required in certain limited circumstances, including material mergers or acquisitions or fundamental changes to our resolution strategy.
Our preferred resolution strategy, which is set out in our most recent resolution plan, is an SPOE strategy, which generally contemplates the provision of adequate capital and liquidity by the Parent Company to certain of its subsidiaries so that such subsidiaries have the resources necessary to implement the resolution strategy after the Parent Company has filed for bankruptcy.
Our next resolution plan submission will be a targeted resolution plan in July 2025. Further, we submit an annual recovery plan to the Federal Reserve that outlines the steps that management could take over time to generate or conserve financial resources in times of prolonged financial stress.
Certain of our domestic and foreign subsidiaries are also subject to resolution and recovery planning requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate. The FDIC currently requires certain insured depository institutions (“IDI”), including our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, to submit full resolution plans every two years and interim targeted information at certain times between full resolution plan submissions that describe the IDI’s strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or
failure of the IDI. Submission of interim targeted information by our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries generally will not be required during a year which the Parent Company is required to submit a resolution plan to the Federal Reserve and FDIC. The first submission for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries under this rule will be in 2026. In addition, the OCC requires IDIs with assets of $100 billion or more, including our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, to develop recovery plans detailing