near future.
Some non-U.S.-based plans hold foreign funds that consist of investments in fixed income funds and liquidity funds. Fixed income funds and targeted cash flow funds are designed to provide a series of fixed annual cash flows achieved by primarily investing in government bonds. Liquidity funds place a high priority on capital preservation, stable value and a high liquidity of assets. Foreign funds are readily redeemable at NAV.
The Firm generally considers the NAV of commingled trust funds and foreign funds provided by the fund manager to be the best estimate of fair value.
Expected Contributions
The Firm’s policy is to fund at least the amount sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements under applicable employee benefit and tax laws. At December 31, 2024, the Firm expected to contribute approximately $
40
million to its pension plans in 2025 based upon the plans’ current funded status and expected asset return assumptions for 2025.
Expected Future Benefit Payments
401(k) Plan
U.S. employees meeting certain eligibility requirements may participate in the Firm’s 401(k) plan.
Eligible employees receive discretionary 401(k) matching cash contributions as determined annually by the Firm. The Firm generally matched eligible employee contributions up to the IRS limit at
4
%, or
5
% up to a certain compensation level, in 2024 and 2023. Eligible employees with eligible pay less than or equal to $
100,001
also received a fixed contribution equal to
2
% of eligible pay. Contributions are invested among available funds according to each participant’s investment direction and are included in the Firm’s 401(k) expense.
Non-U.S. Defined Contribution Pension Plans
The Firm maintains separate defined contribution pension plans that cover eligible employees of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Under such plans, contributions are generally determined based on a fixed rate of base salary with certain vesting requirements.
21.
Income Taxes
Components of Provision for Income Taxes
1.
In 2024, India was presented separately for the first time. The prior period amounts for Other have been disaggregated to exclude India to align with the current presentation.
2.
In 2023, Brazil was presented separately for the first time. The prior period amounts for Other have been disaggregated to exclude Brazil to align with the current presentation.
3.
Other Non-U.S. tax provisions for 2024, 2023 and 2022 primarily include Germany, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Reconciliation of the U.S. Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate to the Effective Income Tax Rate
1.
In 2023, Non-taxable income was presented separately for the first time. The prior period amounts for Non-U.S. earnings and Other have been disaggregated to exclude Non-taxable income to align with the current presentation.
Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured