respectively, within the Wealth Management business segment. This represents 4.3% and
4.3%
, respectively, of total exposure reflected in the Wealth Management Loans and Lending Commitments
table above, primarily included within Securities-based lending and Other loans. Such loans are originated through our p
rivate banking platform, are both secured and generally benefiting from full or partial guarantees from high or ultra-high net worth clients, which partially reduce associated credit risk. At both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, greater than 95% of the CRE loans balance in the Wealth Management business segment
received gua
rantees. All of our lending against CRE properties within Wealth Management are in the Americas region.
Wealth Management Allowance for Credit Losses—Loans and Lending Commitments
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, more than 75% of Wealth Management residential real estate loans were to borrowers with “Exceptional” or “Very Good” FICO scores (
i.e.,
exceeding 740). Additionally, Wealth Management’s securities-based lending portfolio remains well-collateralized and subject to daily client margining, which includes requiring customers to deposit additional collateral or reduce debt positions, when necessary.
Customer and Other Receivables
Margin Loans and Other Lending
The Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments provide margin lending arrangements that allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying securities, primarily for the purpose of purchasing additional securities, as well as to collateralize short positions. Institutional Securities primarily includes margin loans in the Equity Financing business. Wealth Management includes margin loans as well as non-purpose securities-based lending on non-bank entities. Amounts may fluctuate from period to period as overall client balances change as a result of market levels, client positioning and leverage.
Credit exposures arising from margin lending activities are generally mitigated by their short-term nature, the value of collateral held and our right to call for additional margin when collateral values decline. However, we could incur losses in the event that the customer fails to meet margin calls and collateral values decline below the loan amount. This risk is elevated in loans backed by collateral pools with significant concentrations in individual issuers or securities with similar risk characteristics. For a further discussion, see “Risk Factors—Credit Risk” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Employee Loans
For information on employee loans and related ACL, see Note 9 to the financial statements.
Derivatives
Fair Value of OTC Derivative Assets
1.
Counterparty credit ratings are determined internally by the CRM.
We are exposed to credit risk as a dealer in OTC derivatives. Credit risk with respect to derivative instruments arises from the possibility that a counterparty may fail to perform according to the terms of the contract.