subject to various securities, commodities and banking regulations, and capital adequacy requirements promulgated by the regulatory and exchange authorities of the countries in which they operate. These subsidiaries have also consistently operated with capital in excess of their local capital adequacy requirements.
Restrictions on Payments
The regulatory capital requirements referred to above, and certain covenants contained in various agreements governing indebtedness of the Firm, may restrict the Firm’s ability to withdraw capital from its subsidiaries.
The following table represents net assets of consolidated subsidiaries that may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and advances to the Parent Company.
17.
Total Equity
Morgan Stanley Shareholders’ Equity
Preferred Stock
1.
Series C preferred stock is held by MUFG.
The Firm’s preferred stock has a preference over its common stock upon liquidation. The Firm’s preferred stock qualifies as and is included in Tier 1 capital in accordance with regulatory capital requirements (see Note 16).
Description of Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2024
1.
All shares issued are non-cumulative. Each share has a par value of $
0.01
.
2.
Dividends on Series A are based on a floating rate, and dividends on Series C, L, O, P and Q are based on a fixed rate. Dividends on all other Series are based on a fixed-to-floating rate.
3.
Series A and C are redeemable at the redemption price plus accrued and unpaid dividends, regardless of whether dividends are actually declared, up to but excluding the date of redemption. All other Series are redeemable at the redemption price plus any declared and unpaid dividends, up to but excluding the date fixed for redemption.
4.
Series A and C are currently redeemable at the Firm’s option, in whole or in part, from time to time. Series E, F and I are currently redeemable, and all other Series are redeemable, at the Firm’s option (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after the redemption date or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within
90
days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as described in the terms of that series).
5.
Series C is non-voting perpetual preferred stock. Dividends on the Series C preferred stock are payable, on a non-cumulative basis, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, in cash, at the rate of
10
% per annum of the liquidation preference of  $
1,000
per share.
6.
The Firm issued Series P Preferred Stock on August 2, 2022.
7.
The Firm issued Series Q Preferred Stock on July 30, 2024.
Common Stock
Rollforward of Common Stock Outstanding
1.
The Firm’s Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of the Firm’s outstanding stock under a share repurchase program (“Share Repurchase Program”). In addition to the Firm’s Share Repurchase Program, Treasury stock purchases include repurchases of common stock for employee tax withholding.
2.
Other includes net shares issued to and forfeited