16 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
The Firm is required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital ratios under regulatory capital requirements. A summary of the calculations of regulatory capital and RWA follows.
Risk-Based Regulatory Capital.
Risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (which includes Tier 2 capital), each as a percentage of RWA, and consist of regulatory minimum required ratios plus the Firm’s capital buffer requirement. Capital requirements require certain adjustments to, and deductions from, capital for purposes of determining these ratios. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the differences between the actual and required ratios were lower under the Standardized Approach.
CECL Deferral.
Beginning on January 1, 2020, the Firm elected to defer the effect of the adoption of CECL on its risk-based and leverage-based capital amounts and ratios, as well as RWA, adjusted average assets and supplementary leverage exposure calculations, over a five-year transition period. The deferral impacts began to phase in at 25% per year from January 1, 2022, were phased-in at 75% from January 1, 2024 and were fully phased-in from January 1, 2025.
Capital Buffer Requirements
1.
The CCyB can be set up to
2.5
%, but is currently set by the Federal Reserve at
zero
.
The capital buffer requirement represents the amount of CET1 capital the Firm must maintain above the minimum risk-based capital requirements in order to avoid restrictions on the Firm’s ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. The Firm’s capital buffer requirement computed under the standardized approaches for calculating credit risk and market risk RWA (“Standardized Approach”) is equal to the sum of the SCB, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB, and the capital buffer requirement computed under the applicable advanced approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk and operational risk RWA (“Advanced Approach”) is equal to the sum of the
2.5
% capital conservation buffer, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB.
Risk-Based Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements
1.
Required ratios represent the regulatory minimum plus the capital buffer requirement.
The Firm’s Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios
Risk-based capital
1.
Required ratios are inclusive of any buffers applicable as of the date presented.
Leveraged-based capital
1.
Adjusted average assets represents the denominator of the Tier 1 leverage ratio and is composed of the average daily balance of consolidated on-balance sheet assets for the quarters ending on the respective balance sheet dates, reduced by disallowed goodwill, intangible assets, investments in covered funds, defined benefit pension plan assets, after-tax gain on sale from assets sold into securitizations, investments in our own capital