and Truth in Savings Act, all of which are enforced by the CFPB. We are also subject to certain federal consumer protection laws enforced by the OCC, including the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Furthermore, we are subject to certain state consumer protection laws, and under the Dodd-Frank Act, state attorneys general and other state officials are empowered to enforce certain federal consumer protection laws and regulations. These federal and state consumer protection laws apply to a range of our activities.
Non-U.S. Regulation
Our businesses are regulated extensively by non-U.S. regulators, including governments, central banks and regulatory bodies, securities exchanges, commodity exchanges, and self-regulatory organizations, especially in those jurisdictions in which we maintain an office. Certain regulators have prudential, business conduct and other authority over us or our subsidiaries, as well as powers to limit or restrict us from engaging in certain businesses or to conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censures, fines, asset seizures and forfeitures, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, or the suspension or expulsion of a regulated entity, its affiliates or its employees. Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to capital, liquidity, leverage and other prudential requirements that are applicable under non-U.S. law.
Firmwide Financial Crimes Program
Our Financial Crimes program is coordinated and implemented on an enterprise-wide basis and supports our financial crime prevention efforts across all regions and business units. The program includes anti-money laundering (“AML”), economic sanctions (“Sanctions”), anti-boycott, anti-corruption, anti-tax evasion, and government and political activities compliance programs and aligned business-line risk functions.
In the U.S., the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, imposes significant obligations on financial institutions to detect and deter money laundering and terrorist financing activity, including requiring banks, broker-dealers, futures commission merchants, introducing brokers and mutual funds to develop and implement AML programs, verify the identity of customers that maintain accounts, and
monitor and report suspicious activity to appropriate law enforcement or regulatory authorities. Outside of the U.S., applicable laws, rules and regulations similarly require designated types of financial institutions to implement AML programs.
We are also subject to Sanctions, such as regulations and economic sanctions programs administered by the U.S. government, including the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and the U.S. Department of State, and similar sanctions programs imposed by foreign governments or global or regional multilateral organizations. In addition, we are subject to anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act,