security. The Head of NFR CTIS has over 20 years of experience in technology, security and compliance roles, including experience in government security agencies.
Risk levels and mitigating measures are presented to and monitored by dedicated management-level cybersecurity risk committees. These committees include representatives from Firm management as well as business and control stakeholders who review, challenge and, where appropriate, consider exceptions to our policies and procedures. Significant cybersecurity risks are escalated from these committees to our Non-Financial Risk Committee. The CIO and the Head of NFR CTIS report on the status of our Cybersecurity Program, including significant cybersecurity risks; review metrics related to the program; and discuss the status of regulatory and remedial actions and incidents to the FRC, the BOTC and the Board, as appropriate. For more information regarding the Firm’s ERM framework, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management.”
Board of Directors’ oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats
As discussed above,
material cybersecurity risks
are addressed by
management-level ERM committees with escalation to the BOTC and Board
, as appropriate. The BOTC has primary responsibility for assisting the Board in its oversight of significant operational risk exposures of the Firm and its business units, including IT, information security, fraud, third-party oversight, business disruption and resilience, and cybersecurity risks (including review of cybersecurity risks against established risk management methodologies) and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures.
In accordance with its charter, the BOTC receives quarterly reports from (i) Technology, including the CIO or the CISO; (ii) Operations; and (iii) NFR. Such reporting includes updates on our Cybersecurity Program, risks from cybersecurity threats, our programs to address and mitigate the risks associated with the evolving cybersecurity threat environment, and NFR’s assessment of cybersecurity risks. Senior officers in Technology and NFR also provide an annual report to the BOTC on the status of our broader information security program in compliance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which includes a discussion of risks arising
from cybersecurity threats. At least annually, senior management representatives in Technology and NFR discuss the status of the Cybersecurity Program and key cybersecurity risks with the Board and, in accordance with the Board’s Corporate Governance Policies, all Board members are invited to attend BOTC meetings and have access to meeting materials. The BOTC, which meets at least quarterly, also reviews and approves significant policies related to cybersecurity, receives an annual independent assessment of key aspects of our Cybersecurity Program from an independent third party and holds joint meetings with the BAC and BRC, as necessary and appropriate. The chair of