right per the contract to bill the customer. Contract assets are recognized in Other assets when the Firm has satisfied its performance obligations but customer payment is conditional on something other than the passage of time. Contract liabilities are recognized in Other liabilities and accrued expenses when the Firm has collected payment from a customer based on the terms of the contract but the underlying performance obligations are not yet satisfied.
For contracts with a term of less than one year, incremental costs to obtain the contract are expensed as incurred. Revenues are not discounted when payment is expected within one year.
The Firm generally presents, net within revenues, taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected by the Firm from a customer.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of Cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of three months or less from the acquisition date that are readily convertible to cash and are not held for trading purposes.
Cash and cash equivalents also include Restricted cash, such as cash segregated in compliance with federal or other regulations, including minimum reserve requirements set by the Federal Reserve Bank and other central banks, and the Firm’s initial margin deposited with clearing organizations.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Instruments within Trading assets and Trading liabilities are measured at fair value, either as required or allowed by accounting guidance. These financial instruments primarily represent the Firm’s trading and investment positions and include both cash and derivative products. In addition, securities classified as Available-for-Sale (“AFS”) are measured at fair value.
Gains and losses on instruments carried at fair value are reflected in Trading revenues, Investments revenues or Investment banking revenues in the income statement, except for gains and losses related to AFS securities (see “AFS Investment Securities” section herein and Note 7) and derivatives accounted for as hedges, as well as economic derivative hedges associated with certain held-for-sale and held-for-investment corporate loans and lending commitments (see “Hedge Accounting” and “Other Hedges” herein and Note 6).
Interest income and interest expense are recorded within the income statement depending on the nature of the instrument and related market conventions. When interest is included as a component of the instruments’ fair value, interest is recorded within Trading revenues or Investments revenues. Otherwise, it is recorded within Interest income or Interest expense. Dividend income is recorded in Trading revenues or Investments revenues depending on the business activity.
The fair value of OTC financial instruments, including derivative contracts related to financial