act in the “best interest” of retail customers at the time a recommendation is made without placing the financial or other interests of the broker-dealer ahead of the interest of the retail customer.
Margin lending by our broker-dealers is regulated by the Federal Reserve’s restrictions on lending in connection with purchases and short sales of securities. Our broker-dealers are also subject to maintenance and other margin requirements imposed under FINRA and other self-regulatory organization rules.
Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the SEC’s net capital rule and the net capital requirements of various exchanges, other regulatory authorities and self-regulatory organizations. For more information about these requirements, see Note 16 to the financial statements.
Research Regulation.
In addition to research-related regulations currently in place in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, regulators continue to focus on research conflicts of interest and may impose additional regulations.
Futures Activities and Certain Commodities Activities Regulation.
MS&Co. and E*TRADE Futures LLC, as futures commission merchants, and MSSB, as an introducing broker, are subject to net capital requirements of, and certain of their activities are regulated by, the CFTC and the National Futures Association (“NFA”). MS&Co. is also subject to requirements of, and regulation by, the CME Group, in its capacity as MS&Co.’s designated self-regulatory organization, and various commodity futures exchanges of which MS&Co. is a member. Rules and regulations of the CFTC, NFA, the Joint Audit Committee and commodity futures exchanges address obligations related to, among other things, customer asset protections, including rules and regulations governing the segregation of customer funds, the use by futures commission merchants of customer funds, the margining of customer accounts and documentation entered into by futures commission merchants with their customers, record-keeping and reporting obligations of futures commission merchants and introducing brokers, risk disclosure and risk management. Our commodities activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad.
Derivatives Regulation.
We are subject to comprehensive regulation of our derivatives businesses, including regulations that impose margin requirements, public and regulatory
reporting, central clearing and mandatory trading on regulated exchanges or execution facilities for certain types of swaps and security-based swaps (collectively, “Swaps”).
CFTC and SEC rules require registration of swap dealers and security-based swap dealers, respectively, and impose numerous obligations on such registrants, including adherence to business conduct standards for all in-scope Swaps. We have registered a number of U.S. and non-U.S. swap dealers and
conditionally registered a number of U.S. and non-U.S
security-based swap dealers. Swap dealers and security-based swap dealers regulated by a