from employee stock trusts and issued for RSU conversions.
Share Repurchases
On June 28, 2024, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors reauthorized a multi-year repurchase program of up to $
20
billion of outstanding common stock (the “Share Repurchase Authorization”), without a set expiration date, beginning in the third quarter of 2024, which will be exercised from time to time as conditions warrant.
Pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program, the Firm considers, among other things, business segment capital needs, as well as stock-based compensation and benefit plan
requirements. Share repurchases under the program will be exercised from time to time at prices the Firm deems appropriate subject to various factors, including the Firm’s capital position and market conditions. The share repurchases may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, and may be suspended at any time.
Common Shares Outstanding for Basic and Diluted EPS
Dividends
1.
Common and Preferred Stock dividends are payable quarterly unless otherwise noted.
2.
Series M is payable semiannually until September 15, 2026 and thereafter will be payable quarterly.
3.
Series N was payable semiannually until March 15, 2023 and thereafter is payable quarterly.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
1
CTA—Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments
1.
Amounts are net of tax and noncontrolling interests.
Components of Period Changes in OCI
Cumulative Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments
Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments include gains or losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements from their respective functional currencies to U.S. dollars, net of hedge gains or losses and related tax effects. The Firm uses foreign currency contracts to manage the currency exposure relating to its net investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries and determines the amount of exposure to hedge on a pre-tax basis. The Firm may also elect not to hedge its net investments in certain foreign operations due to market conditions or other reasons, including the availability of various currency contracts at acceptable costs. Information relating to the effects on cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments that resulted from the translation of foreign currency financial statements and from gains and losses from hedges of the Firm’s net investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries is summarized in the previous table.
18.
Interest Income and Interest Expense
1.
In 2023, interest-bearing Cash and cash equivalents and related interest were presented separately for the first time. The prior year amounts for Customer receivables and Other have been disaggregated to exclude Cash and cash equivalents to align with the current presentation.
2.
Includes interest paid on Securities purchased under agreements to resell.
3.
Includes fees paid on