intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, and customer information and records. The protection afforded in those jurisdictions may be less established and/or predictable than in the U.S. or other jurisdictions in which we operate. As a result, there may also be heightened risks associated with the potential theft of their data, technology and intellectual property in those jurisdictions by domestic or foreign actors, including private parties and those affiliated with or controlled by state actors. Additionally, we are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations governing areas such as cybersecurity, privacy and data governance, transfer and protection, which may differ and potentially conflict, in various jurisdictions. Any theft of data, technology or intellectual property may negatively impact our operations and reputation, including disrupting the business activities of our subsidiaries, affiliates,
joint ventures or clients conducting business in those jurisdictions.
A cyberattack, information or security breach or a technology failure of ours or a third party could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or manage our exposure to risk, or result in disclosure or misuse of personal, confidential or proprietary information and otherwise adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm.
Cybersecurity risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies; the use of the internet, mobile telecommunications and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions; and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, state-sponsored actors and other parties. Any of these parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, clients, vendors or other third parties or users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our networks, systems or data or those of our employees or clients, and such parties may see their effectiveness enhanced by the use of artificial intelligence. Global events and geopolitical instability have also led to increased nation-state targeting of financial institutions in the U.S. and abroad.
Information security risks may also derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failure or other technological failure. For example, human error has led to the loss of the Firm's physical data-bearing devices in the past. These risks may be heightened by several factors, including remote work, reliance on new technologies (such as generative artificial intelligence) or as a result of the integration of acquisitions and other strategic initiatives that may subject us to new technology, customers or third-party providers. In addition,