the BOTC regularly discusses cybersecurity developments with senior management, including the senior officers mentioned above, and reports to the Board on cybersecurity risks and threats and other related matters.
Firm Resilience
The Firm’s critical processes and businesses could be disrupted by events including cyberattacks, failure or loss of access to technology and/or associated data, military conflicts, acts of terror, natural disasters, severe weather events and infectious disease. The Firm maintains a Firmwide resilience program that is designed to provide for operational resilience and enable it to respond to and recover critical processes and supporting assets in the event of a disruption impacting our people, technology, facilities and third parties. The key elements of the Firm’s resilience program include business continuity management, technology disaster recovery, third party resilience and key business service resilience. Resilience testing is performed both internally and with critical third parties to validate recovery capability in accordance with business requirements.
Third-Party Risk Management
In connection with our ongoing operations, we utilize the products and/or services of third parties, which we anticipate will continue and may increase in the future. These products and/or services include, for example, outsourced processing and support functions and other professional services. Our risk-based approach to managing exposure to our third parties includes the performance of due diligence, implementation of service-level and other contractual agreements, consideration of operational risks and ongoing monitoring of the performance of our third parties. We maintain and continue to enhance our third-party risk management program, which is designed to align with our risk tolerance and meet regulatory requirements. The program includes appropriate governance, policies, procedures and enabling technology. The third-party risk management program includes the adoption of appropriate risk management controls and practices throughout the third-party management life cycle to manage risk of service failure, risk of data loss and reputational risk, among others.
Model Risk
Model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs. Model risk can lead to financial loss, poor business and strategic decision-making, noncompliance with applicable laws and/or regulations or damage to the Firm's reputation. The risk inherent in a model is a function of the materiality, complexity and uncertainty around inputs and assumptions.
Model risk is generated from the use of models impacting financial statements, regulatory filings, capital adequacy assessments and the formulation of strategy.
Sound model risk management is an integral part of our Risk Management Framework. The Model Risk Management Department (“MRM”) is a distinct department in Risk Management responsible for the oversight of