including management of the investment portfolio.
Liquidity Risk Management Framework
The core components of our Liquidity Risk Management Framework are the Required Liquidity Framework, Liquidity Stress Tests and Liquidity Resources, which support our target liquidity profile. For a further discussion about the Firm’s Required Liquidity Framework and Liquidity Stress Tests, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Liquidity Risk Management Framework” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we maintained sufficient liquidity to meet current and contingent funding obligations as modeled in our Liquidity Stress Tests.
Liquidity Resources
We maintain sufficient liquidity resources, which consist of HQLA and cash deposits with banks (“Liquidity Resources”), to cover daily funding needs and to meet strategic liquidity targets sized by the Required Liquidity Framework and Liquidity Stress Tests. We actively manage the amount of our Liquidity Resources considering the following components: unsecured debt maturity profile; balance sheet size and composition; funding needs in a stressed environment, inclusive of contingent cash outflows; legal entity, regional and segment liquidity requirements; regulatory requirements; and collateral requirements.
The amount of Liquidity Resources we hold is based on our risk appetite and is calibrated to meet various internal and regulatory requirements and to fund prospective business activities. The Liquidity Resources are primarily held within the Parent Company and its major operating subsidiaries. The Total HQLA values in the tables immediately following are different from Eligible HQLA, which, in accordance with the LCR rule, also takes into account certain regulatory weightings and other operational considerations.
Liquidity Resources by Type of Investment
1.
HQLA is presented prior to applying weightings and includes all HQLA held in subsidiaries.
2.
Primarily composed of unencumbered French, U.K., Japanese, Italian, German, and Spanish government obligations.
Liquidity Resources by Non-Bank and Bank Legal Entities
Liquidity Resources may fluctuate from period to period based on the overall size and composition of our balance sheet, the maturity profile of our unsecured debt, and estimates of funding needs in a stressed environment, among other factors.
Regulatory Liquidity Framework
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio
We and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are required to maintain a minimum LCR and NSFR of 100%.
The LCR rule requires large banking organizations to have sufficient Eligible HQLA to cover net cash outflows arising from significant stress over 30 calendar days, thus promoting the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of banking organizations. In determining Eligible HQLA for LCR purposes, weightings (or asset haircuts) are applied to HQLA, and certain HQLA held in