oversees the performance of our Chief Audit Officer; and, after review, recommends to the Board the acceptance and inclusion of the annual audited financial statements in the Firm’s annual report on Form 10-K. The BAC reports to the Board on a regular basis.
Operations and Technology Committee of the Board
The Operations and Technology Committee of the Board (“BOTC”) oversees our operations and technology strategy and significant investments in support of such strategy; oversees operational risk, including information technology, information security, fraud, third-party oversight, business disruption and resilience and cybersecurity risks and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. The BOTC reviews and approves significant operations and technology policies. The BOTC also reviews risk management and risk assessment guidelines in coordination with the Board and other Board committees, and policies regarding operational risk. The BOTC reports to the Board on a regular basis.
Firm Risk Committee
The Board has also authorized the Firm Risk Committee (“FRC”), a management committee appointed and co-chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Risk Officer, which includes the most senior officers of the Firm from the business, independent risk functions and control groups, to help oversee the ERM framework. The FRC’s responsibilities include: oversight of our risk management principles, procedures, limits and tolerances; the monitoring of capital levels and material market, credit, model, operational, liquidity, legal, compliance, reputational and other risks, as appropriate; and the steps management has taken to monitor and manage such risks. The FRC also establishes and communicates risk appetite, including aggregate Firm limits and tolerances, as appropriate. The Governance Process Review Subcommittee of the FRC oversees governance and process issues on behalf of the FRC. The FRC reports to the Board, the BAC, the BOTC and the BRC through the Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Head of Non-Financial Risk.
Functional Risk and Control Committees
Functional risk and control committees and other committees within the ERM framework facilitate efficient and comprehensive supervision of our risk exposures and processes.
Each business segment has a risk committee that is responsible for helping to ensure that the business segment, as applicable, adheres to established limits for market, credit, operational and other risks; implements risk measurement, monitoring, and management policies, procedures, controls and systems that are consistent with the risk framework established by the FRC; and reviews, on a periodic basis, our aggregate risk exposures, risk exception experience, and the efficacy of our risk identification, measurement, monitoring and management policies and procedures, and related controls.
Chief Risk Officer
The Chief Risk Officer, who is independent of business units, reports