with the VIE or any party to the VIE directly against a specific exposure to loss.
Liabilities issued by VIEs generally are non-recourse to the Firm.
Detail of Mortgage- and Asset-Backed Securitization Assets
Securitization Activities
In a securitization transaction, the Firm transfers assets (generally commercial or residential mortgage loans or securities) to an SPE; sells to investors most of the beneficial interests, such as notes or certificates, issued by the SPE; and, in many cases, retains other beneficial interests. The purchase of the transferred assets by the SPE is financed through the sale of these interests.
In many securitization transactions involving commercial mortgage loans, the Firm transfers a portion of the assets to the SPE with unrelated parties transferring the remaining assets. In addition, mainly in securitization transactions involving residential mortgage loans, the Firm may also enter into derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps or interest rate caps, with the SPE.
Although not obligated, the Firm generally makes a market in the securities issued by SPEs in securitization transactions. As a market maker, the Firm offers to buy these securities from, and sell these securities to, investors. Securities purchased through these market-making activities are not considered to be retained interests; these beneficial interests generally are included in Trading assets—Corporate and other debt and are measured at fair value.
The Firm enters into derivatives, generally interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, with a senior payment priority in many securitization transactions. The risks associated with these and similar derivatives with SPEs are essentially the same as similar derivatives with non-SPE counterparties and are
managed as part of the Firm’s overall exposure. See Note 6 for further information on derivative instruments and hedging activities.
Investment Securities
The Firm holds securities issued by VIEs within the Investment securities portfolio. These securities are composed of those related to transactions sponsored by the federal mortgage agencies and predominantly the most senior securities issued by VIEs backed by student loans and commercial mortgage loans. Transactions sponsored by the federal mortgage agencies include an explicit or implicit guarantee provided by the U.S. government. Additionally, the Firm holds certain commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by VIEs retained as a result of the Firm’s securitization activities. See Note 7 for further information on the Investment securities portfolio.
Municipal Tender Option Bond Trusts
In a municipal tender option bond trust transaction, the client transfers a municipal bond to a trust. The trust issues short-term securities that the Firm, as the remarketing agent, sells to investors. The client generally retains a residual interest. The short-term securities are supported by a liquidity facility pursuant to which the investors may