amounts well below par.
3.
Excludes borrowings where the repayment of the initial principal amount fluctuates based on changes in a reference price or index.
The previous tables exclude non-recourse debt from consolidated VIEs, liabilities related to transfers of financial assets treated as collateralized financings, pledged commodities and other liabilities that have specified assets attributable to them.
Fair Value Loans on Nonaccrual Status
6.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
Fair Values of Derivative Contracts
1.
Amounts relate to master netting agreements and collateral agreements that have been determined by the Firm to be legally enforceable in the event of default but where certain other netting criteria are not met in accordance with applicable offsetting accounting guidance.
See Note 4 for information related to the unsettled fair value of futures contracts not designated as accounting hedges, which are excluded from the previous tables.
Notionals of Derivative Contracts
The notional amounts of derivative contracts generally overstate the Firm’s exposure. In most circumstances, notional amounts are used only as a reference point from which to calculate amounts owed between the parties to the contract. Furthermore, notional amounts do not reflect the benefit of legally enforceable netting arrangements or risk mitigating transactions.
For a discussion of the Firm’s derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 6 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Gains (Losses) on Accounting Hedges
1.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were no forecasted transactions that failed to occur. The net gains (losses) associated with cash flow hedges expected to be reclassified from AOCI within 12 months as of March 31, 2025, is approximately $(
21
) million. The maximum length of time over which forecasted cash flows are hedged is
32
months.
Fair Value Hedges—Hedged Items
1.
Carrying amount represents the amortized cost. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the amortized cost of the portfolio layer method closed portfolios was $
325
million, of which $
178
million was designated as hedged. The cumulative amount of basis adjustments was immaterial as of March 31, 2025 and $(
2
) million  as of December 31, 2024. Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K and Note 7 herein for additional information.
2.
Hedge accounting basis adjustments are primarily related to outstanding hedges.
Gains (Losses) on Economic Hedges of Loans
1.
Amounts related to hedges of certain held-for-investment and held-for-sale loans.
Net Derivative Liabilities and Collateral Posted
The previous table presents the aggregate fair value of certain derivative contracts that contain credit risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position for which the Firm has posted collateral in the normal course of business.
Incremental Collateral and Termination Payments upon Potential Future Ratings