instruments and commodities, is presented in the accompanying balance sheet on a net-by-counterparty basis, when appropriate. Additionally, the Firm nets the fair value of cash collateral paid or received against the fair value amounts recognized for net derivative positions executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement.
Fair Value Option
The Firm has elected to measure certain eligible instruments at fair value, including Securities purchased under agreements to resell, Loans and lending commitments, equity method investments and certain other assets, Deposits, Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, Other secured financings and Borrowings.
Fair Value Measurement—Definition and Hierarchy
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e
.,
the “exit price”) in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily available, assumptions are set to reflect those that the Firm believes market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Where the Firm manages a group of financial assets, financial liabilities, and nonfinancial items accounted for as derivatives on the basis of its net exposure to either market risks or credit risk, the Firm measures the fair value of that group of financial instruments consistently with how market participants would price the net risk exposure at the measurement date.
In determining fair value, the Firm uses various valuation approaches and establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that requires the most observable inputs be used when available.
Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability that were developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Firm. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect assumptions the Firm believes other market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability that are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the observability of inputs as follows, with Level 1 being the highest and Level 3 being the lowest level:
Level 1.
Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets that the Firm has the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities. Valuation adjustments, block discounts and discounts for entity-specific and contractual restrictions that would not transfer to market participants are not applied to Level 1 instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these products does not entail a significant degree of judgment.
Level 2.
Valuations based on