environment and the third parties that we rely on.
We periodically assess the design of our cybersecurity controls against the Cyber Risk Institute Cyber Profile, which is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity, as well as global cybersecurity regulations, and develop improvements to those controls in response to that assessment. Our Cybersecurity Program also includes cybersecurity and information security policies, procedures and technologies that are designed to address regulatory requirements and protect our clients’, employees’ and own data against unauthorized disclosure, modification and misuse. These policies, procedures and technologies cover a broad range of areas, including: identification of internal and external threats, access control, data security, protective controls, detection of malicious or unauthorized activity, incident response and recovery planning. See also “Firm Resilience” herein for a discussion of our resilience program that is designed to mitigate the impacts of cybersecurity events and other risks.
Our threat intelligence function within the Cybersecurity Program actively engages in private and public information-sharing communities and leverages both commercial and proprietary products to collect a wide variety of industry and governmental information regarding the latest cybersecurity threats, which informs our cybersecurity risk assessments and strategy. This information is also provided to an internal cyber threat detection team, which develops and implements strategies designed to defend against these cybersecurity threats across our environment. Our vulnerability management team, as well as NFR, also reviews external cybersecurity incidents that may be relevant to the Firm to further inform the design of our Cybersecurity Program. To assess the efficacy of our controls and defenses designed to mitigate cybersecurity risk, we utilize internal and external testing, including penetration testing and red team engagements. The results of these assessments are used to strengthen the Cybersecurity Program. Additionally, we maintain a global training program covering cybersecurity risks and requirements, including heightened security training to specialized employees, and conduct regular phishing email simulations for our employees and consultants as preventative measures.
When a threat is identified in our environment, our incident response team follows an incident response plan to evaluate the impact to the Firm and coordinate appropriate remediation. If warranted, the cybersecurity incident will be reported to applicable regulators, authorities, impacted clients or counterparties, as appropriate. The Firm’s cybersecurity incident response and remediation processes, including assessing materiality and reporting requirements, are reviewed through tabletop exercises.
Our processes are designed to help oversee,