due to portfolio diversification or hedging activities. However, VaR has various limitations, which include, but are not limited to: use of historical changes in market risk factors, which may not be accurate predictors of future market conditions and may not fully incorporate the risk of extreme market events that are outsized relative to observed historical market behavior or reflect the historical distribution of results beyond the 95% confidence interval; and reporting of losses in a single day, which does not reflect the risk of positions that cannot be liquidated or hedged in one day. A small proportion of market risk generated by trading positions is not included in VaR.
The modeling of the risk characteristics of some positions relies on approximations that, under certain circumstances, could produce significantly different results from those produced using more precise measures. VaR is most appropriate as a risk measure for trading positions in liquid financial markets and will understate the risk associated with severe events, such as periods of extreme illiquidity. We are aware of these and other limitations and, therefore, use VaR as only one component in our risk management oversight process. This process also incorporates stress testing and scenario analyses and extensive risk monitoring, analysis and control at the trading desk, division and Firm levels.
We update our VaR model in response to changes in the composition of trading portfolios and to improvements in modeling techniques and systems capabilities. We are committed to continuous review and enhancement of VaR methodologies and assumptions in order to capture evolving risks associated with changes in market structure and dynamics. As part of our regular process improvements, additional systematic and name-specific risk factors may be added to improve the VaR model’s ability to more accurately estimate risks to specific asset classes or industry sectors.
Since the reported VaR statistics are estimates based on historical data, VaR should not be viewed as predictive of our future revenues or financial performance or of our ability to monitor and manage risk. There can be no assurance that our actual losses on a particular day will not exceed the VaR amounts indicated in the following tables or that such losses will not occur more than five times in 100 trading days for a 95%/one-day VaR. VaR does not predict the magnitude of losses that, should they occur, may be significantly greater than the VaR amount.
VaR statistics are not readily comparable across firms because of differences in the firms’ portfolios, modeling assumptions and methodologies. These differences can result in materially different VaR estimates across firms for similar portfolios. The impact of such differences varies depending on the factor history assumptions, the frequency with which the factor history is updated and the confidence level. As a result, VaR statistics are more useful when interpreted as