and fee revenues generally result from transaction-based arrangements in which the client is charged a fee for the execution of transactions. Such revenues primarily arise from transactions in equity securities; services related to sales and trading activities; and sales of mutual funds, alternative funds, futures, insurance products and options, as well as revenues from order flow payments for directing customer orders to broker-dealers, exchanges and market centers for execution. Commission and fee revenues are recognized on trade date when the performance obligation is satisfied.
Asset Management Revenues
Asset management, distribution and administration fees are generally based on related asset levels, such as the AUM of a customer’s account or the net asset value of a fund. These fees are generally recognized when services are performed and the value of the assets is known. Management fees are reduced by estimated fee waivers and expense caps, if any, provided to the customer.
Performance-based fees not in the form of carried interest are recorded when the annual performance target is met and the revenues are not probable of a significant reversal.
Sales commissions paid by the Firm in connection with the sale of certain classes of shares of its open-end mutual fund products are accounted for as deferred commission assets and amortized to Other expenses over the expected life of the contract. The Firm periodically tests deferred commission assets for recoverability based on cash flows expected to be received in future periods. Other asset management and distribution costs are recognized as incurred in the relevant non-interest expenses line items.
Investments Revenues—Carried Interest
The Firm is entitled to receive performance-based fees in the form of carried interest when the return in certain funds exceeds specified performance targets. When the Firm earns carried interest from funds as specified performance thresholds are met, that carried interest and any related general or limited partner interest are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and measured based on the Firm’s claim on the NAV of the fund at the reporting date, taking into account the distribution terms applicable to the interest held. Such items are reflected within Investments revenues.
See Note 22 for information regarding the net cumulative unrealized amount of performance-based fee revenues at risk of reversal. See Note 14 for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received.
Other Items
Revenues from certain commodities-related contracts are recognized in Trading revenues when the Firm has transferred control over the promised goods or services to the customer.
Receivables from contracts with customers are recognized in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheet when the underlying performance obligations have been satisfied and the Firm has the