prior year quarter, primarily due to lending growth and higher yields on the investment portfolio, partially offset by lower average sweep deposits.
The level and pace of interest rate changes and other macroeconomic factors have impacted client preferences for cash allocation to higher-yielding products and client demand for loans. These factors, along with other developments, such as pricing changes to certain deposit types due to various competitive dynamics, have impacted our net interest income. To the extent they persist, or other factors arise, such as central bank actions and changes in the path of interest rates, net interest income may be impacted in future periods.
Provision for Credit Losses
The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $44 million in the current quarter was primarily related to certain specific loans, including residential real estate loans related to the California wildfires. The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments was a net release of $8 million in the prior year quarter as a result of improvements in the macroeconomic outlook. This was partially offset by provisions for certain specific commercial real estate loans.
Non-Interest Expenses
Non-interest expenses of $5,332 million in the current quarter  increased 5% compared with the prior year quarter, primarily as a result of higher Compensation and benefits expenses.
•
Compensation and benefits expenses increased in the current quarter, primarily as a result of an increase in the formulaic payout to Wealth Management representatives on higher compensable revenues and higher severance costs associated with a RIF in March, partially offset by lower expenses related to DCP.
For further information on the impact of DCP, see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.
•
Non-compensation expenses were relatively unchanged compared with the prior year quarter.
Fee-Based Client Assets Rollforwards
1.
Inflows include new accounts, account transfers, deposits, dividends and interest.
2.
Outflows include closed or terminated accounts, account transfers, withdrawals and client fees.
3.
Market impact includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments.
4.
Includes non-custody account values based on asset values reported on a quarter lag by third-party custodians.
Average Fee Rates
1
1.
Based on Asset management revenues related to advisory services associated with fee-based assets.
For a description of fee-based client assets in the previous tables, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business Segments—Wealth Management Fee-Based Client Assets” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Investment Management
Income Statement Information
1.
Includes Investments and Trading, Net interest, and Other revenues.
Net Revenues
Asset Management and Related Fees
Asset management and related fees of $1,451 million in the current quarter increased 8% from the prior year quarter,