for Credit Losses to Balance before Allowance
Wealth Management Loans and Lending Commitments
The principal Wealth Management business segment lending activities include Securities-based lending and Residential real estate loans.
Securities-based lending allows clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities, generally for any purpose other than purchasing, trading or carrying securities or refinancing margin debt. We establish approved credit lines against qualifying securities and m
onitor limits daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, require customers to deposit additional collateral, or reduce debt positions, when necessary. These credit lines are primarily uncommitted loan facilities, as we reserve the right not to make any advances or may terminate these credit lines at any time. Factors considered in the review of these loans include, but are not limited to, the loan amount, the client’s credit profile, the degree of leverage, collateral diversification, price volatility and liquidity of the collateral. Other loans primarily include tailored lending, which typically consist of bespoke lending arrangements provided to ultra-high net worth clients. Securities-based lending and Other loans are generally secured by various types of eligible collateral, including marketable securities, private investments, commercial real estate and other financial assets.
Residential real estate loans consist of first- and second-lien mortgages, including HELOCs. Our underwriting policy is designed to ensure that all borrowers pass an assessment of capacity and willingness to pay, which includes an analysis utilizing industry standard credit scoring models (e.g., FICO scores), debt-to-income ratios and assets of the borrower. Mortgage borrowers are required to maintain adequate insurance in accordance with loan terms. LTV ratios are determined based on independent third-party property appraisals and valuations, and security lien positions are established through title and ownership reports. The vast majority of mortgage loans, including HELOCs, are held for investment in the Wealth Management business segment’s loan portfolio.
Wealth Management Commercial Real Estate Loans and Lending Commitments by Property Type
LC–Lending Commitments
1.
Amounts include HFI loans and lending commitments. HFI loans are presented net of ACL.
As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023
, our direct lending against CRE properties totaled
$7.7 billion and $7.1 billion, respectively, within the Wealth Management business segment. This represents 4.3% and 4.3%,
respectively, of total exposure reflected in the Wealth Management Loans and Lending Commitments
table above, primarily included within Securities-based lending and Other loans. Such loans are originated through our p
rivate banking platform, are both secured and generally benefiting from full or partial guarantees from high or ultra-high net worth clients, which partially reduce associated credit risk.