our risk associated with such positions. We may, therefore, incur losses in the course of our trading or investing activities. For more information on how we monitor and manage market and certain other risks and related strategies, models and processes, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Market Risk.”
Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could result in increased costs and risks and adversely affect our operations, businesses and clients.
There continues to be increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change include harm to people and property arising from acute, climate-related events, such as floods, hurricanes, heatwaves, droughts and wildfires, and chronic, longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as higher global average temperatures, rising sea levels and long-term droughts. Such events could disrupt our operations or those of our clients or third parties on which we rely, including through direct damage to physical assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. These events could impact the ability of certain of our clients or
customers to repay their obligations, reduce the value of collateral, increase costs, including the cost or availability of insurance coverage, and result in other adverse effects.
The transition risks of climate change include policy, legal, technology and market changes. Examples of these transition risks include changes in consumer and business sentiment, related technologies, shareholder preferences and any additional regulatory and legislative requirements, including increased disclosure or regulation of carbon emissions. These risks could increase our expenses and adversely impact our strategies. Negative impacts to certain of our clients, such as decreased profitability and asset write-downs, could also lead to increased credit and liquidity risk to us.
In addition, our reputation and client relationships may be adversely impacted as a result of our, or our clients’, involvement in certain practices that may have, or are associated with having, an adverse impact on climate change. Legislative or regulatory change regarding climate-related risks, including inconsistent requirements and uncertainties, could result in loss of revenue, or increased credit, market, liquidity, regulatory, compliance, reputational and other risks and costs.
Our ability to achieve our climate-related targets and commitments and the way we go about this could also result in reputational harm as a result of public sentiment, legislative and regulatory scrutiny (including from U.S. federal and state governments and foreign policymakers and regulators), litigation and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence. If we are unable to achieve our objectives relating to climate change or our current response to climate change is perceived to be ineffective or insufficient, or the way we