which requires the Firm to make estimates and assumptions regarding the valuations of certain financial instruments, the valuations of goodwill and intangible assets, the outcome of legal and tax matters, deferred tax assets, ACL, and other matters that affect its financial statements and related disclosures. The Firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.
The Notes are an integral part of the Firm’s financial statements. The Firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements through the date of this report and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported in these financial statements or the notes thereto.
The accompanying financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Firm’s financial statements and notes thereto included in the 2024 Form 10-K. Certain footnote disclosures included in the 2024 Form 10-K have been condensed or omitted from these financial statements as they are not required for interim reporting under U.S. GAAP. The financial statements reflect all adjustments of a normal, recurring nature that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the results for the interim period. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year.
Consolidation
The financial statements include the accounts of the Firm, its wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities in which the Firm has a controlling financial interest, including certain VIEs (see Note 14). Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. For consolidated subsidiaries that are not wholly owned, the third-party holdings of equity interests are referred to as Noncontrolling interests. The net income attributable to Noncontrolling interests for such subsidiaries is presented as Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests in the income statement. The portion of shareholders’ equity that is attributable to Noncontrolling interests for such subsidiaries is presented as Noncontrolling interests, a component of Total equity, in the balance sheet.
For a discussion of the Firm’s significant regulated U.S. and international subsidiaries and its involvement with VIEs, see Note 1 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
2.
Significant Accounting Policies
For a detailed discussion about the Firm’s significant accounting policies and for further information on accounting updates adopted in the prior year, see Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 there were no significant updates to the Firm’s significant accounting policies.
3.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
For additional information on cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, see Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.