subject to concentration risk by holding large positions in certain types of securities, loans or commitments to purchase securities of a single issuer, including sovereign governments and other entities, issuers located in a particular country or geographic area, public and private issuers involving developing countries or issuers engaged in a particular industry.
Positions taken and underwriting and financing commitments, including those made in connection with the Firm’s private equity, principal investment and lending activities, often
involve substantial amounts and significant exposure to individual issuers and businesses, including investment grade and non-investment grade issuers.
Customer Margin and Other Lending
The Firm provides margin lending arrangements that allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying securities. Receivables from these arrangements are included within Customer and other receivables in the balance sheet. Under these arrangements, the Firm receives collateral, which includes U.S. government and agency securities, other sovereign government obligations, corporate and other debt, and corporate equities. Margin loans are collateralized by customer-owned securities held by the Firm. The Firm monitors required margin levels and established credit terms daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, requires customers to deposit additional collateral, or reduce positions, when necessary.
Margin loans are extended on a demand basis and generally are not committed facilities. Factors considered in the review of margin loans are the amount of the loan, the intended purpose, the degree of leverage being employed in the account and the amount of collateral, as well as an overall evaluation of the portfolio to ensure proper diversification or, in the case of concentrated positions, appropriate liquidity of the underlying collateral or potential hedging strategies to reduce risk. Underlying collateral for margin loans is reviewed with respect to the liquidity of the proposed collateral positions, valuation of securities, historic trading range, volatility analysis and an evaluation of industry concentrations. For these transactions, adherence to the Firm’s collateral policies significantly limits its credit exposure in the event of a customer default. The Firm may request additional margin collateral from customers, if appropriate, and, if necessary, may sell securities that have not been paid for or purchase securities sold but not delivered from customers.
Also included in the amounts in the previous table is non-purpose securities-based lending on entities in the Wealth Management business segment.
Other Secured Financings
Other secured financings include the liabilities related to collateralized notes, transfers of financial assets that are accounted for as financings rather than sales and consolidated VIEs where the Firm is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. These liabilities are generally payable from the cash