proxy statements and other public disclosures. A “non-GAAP financial measure” excludes, or includes, amounts from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We consider the non-GAAP financial measures we disclose to be useful to us, investors, analysts and other stakeholders by providing further transparency about, or an alternate means of assessing or comparing our financial condition, operating results and capital adequacy.
These measures are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, U.S. GAAP and may be different from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. Whenever we refer to a non-GAAP financial measure, we will also generally define it or present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, along with a reconciliation of the differences between the U.S. GAAP financial measure and the non-GAAP financial measure.
We present certain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of mark-to-market gains and losses on DCP investments from net revenues and compensation expenses. The impact of DCP is primarily reflected in our Wealth Management business segment results. These measures allow for better comparability of period-to-period underlying operating performance and revenue trends, especially in our Wealth Management business segment. By excluding the impact of these items, we are better able to describe the business drivers and resulting impact to net revenues and corresponding change to the associated compensation expenses.
For additional information, see
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Other Matters” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Tangible common equity is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe analysts, investors and other stakeholders consider useful to allow for comparability to peers and of the period-to-period use of our equity. The calculation of tangible common equity represents common shareholders’ equity less goodwill and intangible assets net of allowable mortgage servicing rights deduction. In addition, we believe that certain ratios that utilize tangible common equity, such as return on average tangible common equity (“ROTCE”) and tangible book value per common share, also non-GAAP financial measures, are useful for evaluating the operating performance and capital adequacy of the business period-to-period, respectively. The calculation of ROTCE represents annualized earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders as a percentage of average tangible common equity. The calculation of tangible book value per common share represents tangible common equity divided by common shares outstanding.
The principal non-GAAP financial measures presented in this document are set forth in the following tables.
Reconciliations from U.S. GAAP to Non-GAAP Consolidated Financial Measures
1.
Net revenues and compensation expense are