federal banking regulator to take prompt corrective action with respect to a depository institution if that institution does not meet certain capital adequacy standards. In addition, BHCs, such as Morgan Stanley, are required to serve as a source of strength to their U.S. bank subsidiaries and commit resources to support these subsidiaries in the event such subsidiaries are in financial distress. Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ business activities are generally limited to supporting our Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments.
Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are subject to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, which impose restrictions on certain transactions with affiliates, including any extension of credit to, or purchase of assets from, an affiliate. These restrictions limit the total amount of credit exposure that our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries may have to any one affiliate and to all affiliates and require collateral for those exposures. Section 23B requires affiliate transactions to be on market terms.
As commonly controlled FDIC-insured depository institutions, each of our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries could be responsible for any loss to the FDIC from the failure of the other U.S. Bank Subsidiary.
Broker-Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulation.
Our primary U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (“MS&Co.”) and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (“MSSB”) are registered broker-dealers with the SEC and in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and are members of various self-regulatory organizations, including the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), and various securities exchanges and clearing organizations. Broker-dealers are subject to laws and regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading practices, securities offerings, publication of research reports, use of customers’ funds and securities, capital structure, risk management controls in connection with market access, recordkeeping and retention, and the conduct of their directors, officers, representatives and other associated persons. Broker-dealers are also regulated by securities administrators in those states where they do business. Our significant broker-dealer subsidiaries are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
MSSB is also a registered investment adviser with the SEC. MSSB’s relationship with its investment advisory clients is
subject to the fiduciary and other obligations imposed on investment advisers. The SEC and other supervisory bodies generally have broad administrative powers to address non-compliance, including the power to restrict or limit MSSB from carrying on its investment advisory and other asset management activities.
The Firm is subject to various regulations that affect broker-dealer sales practices and customer relationships, including the SEC’s “Regulation Best Interest,” which requires broker-dealers to