our securitization activities, see Note 15 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
For information on our commitments, obligations under certain guarantee arrangements and indemnities, see Note 13 to the financial statements. For a further discussion of our lending commitments, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk—Loans and Lending Commitments” herein.
Regulatory Requirements
Regulatory Capital Framework
We are a financial holding company (“FHC”) under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (“BHC Act”) and are subject to the regulation and oversight of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”). The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements for us, including “well-capitalized” standards, and evaluates our compliance with such capital requirements. The OCC establishes similar capital requirements and
standards for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. The regulatory capital requirements are largely based on the Basel III capital standards established by the Basel Committee and also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. For us to remain an FHC, we must remain well-capitalized in accordance with standards established by the Federal Reserve, and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries must remain well-capitalized in accordance with standards established by the OCC. In addition, many of our regulated subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including regulated subsidiaries registered as swap dealers with the CFTC or conditionally registered as security-based swap dealers with the SEC or registered as broker-dealers or futures commission merchants. For additional information on regulatory capital requirements for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, as well as our subsidiaries that are swap entities, see Note 15 to the financial statements.
Regulatory Capital Requirements
We are required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital and TLAC ratios. For more information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Requirements” in the 2024 Form 10-K. For additional information on TLAC, see “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements” herein.
Risk-Based Regulatory Capital.
Risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (which includes Tier 2 capital), each as a percentage of RWA, and consist of regulatory minimum required ratios plus our capital buffer requirement. Capital requirements require certain adjustments to, and deductions from, capital for purposes of determining these ratios.
Risk-Based Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements
1.
For additional information on the SCB, see “Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” herein and in the 2024 Form 10-K.
2.
For a further discussion of the G-SIB capital surcharge, see