regarding dividends per share for each class of stock.
1.
Introduction and Basis of Presentation
The Firm
Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Morgan Stanley” or the “Firm” mean Morgan Stanley (the “Parent Company”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries. See the “Glossary of Common Terms and Acronyms” for the definition of certain terms and acronyms used throughout this Form 10-K.
A description of the clients and principal products and services of each of the Firm’s business segments is as follows:
Institutional Securities provides a variety of products and services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and ultra-high net worth clients. Investment Banking services consist of capital raising and financial advisory services, including the underwriting of debt, equity securities and other products, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings and project finance. Our Equity and Fixed Income businesses include sales, financing, prime brokerage, market-making, Asia wealth management services and certain business-related investments. Lending activities include originating corporate loans and commercial real estate loans, providing secured lending facilities, and extending securities-based and other financing to clients. Other activities include research.
Wealth Management provides a comprehensive array of financial services and solutions to individual investors and small to medium-sized businesses and institutions. Wealth Management covers: financial advisor-led brokerage, custody, administrative and investment advisory services; self-directed brokerage services; financial and wealth planning services; workplace services, including stock plan administration; securities-based lending, residential and commercial real estate loans and other lending products; banking; and retirement plan services.
Investment Management provides a broad range of investment strategies and products that span geographies, asset classes, and public and private markets to a diverse group of clients across institutional and intermediary channels. Strategies and products, which are offered through a variety of investment vehicles, include equity, fixed income, alternatives and solutions, and liquidity and overlay services. Institutional clients include defined benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth funds,
insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors and corporations. Individual clients are generally served through intermediaries,