of March 31, 2025. The ACL calculation incorporates key macroeconomic variables, including U.S. real GDP growth rate. The significance of key macroeconomic variables on the ACL calculation varies depending on portfolio composition and economic conditions.
Forecasted U.S. Real GDP Growth Rates in Base Scenario
Other key macroeconomic variables used in the ACL calculation include corporate credit spreads, interest rates and commercial real estate indices. See Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of the Firm’s ACL methodology under CECL.
Recent developments around global trade policies have the potential to adversely impact our credit portfolios. The magnitude of such impacts, as well as the implications for global growth, will depend on specific details of how global trade policies evolve and also how effectively our clients adapt. While we are carefully monitoring all of our exposures, certain types of borrowers and counterparties are more vulnerable to trade policy effects. There remains significant uncertainty as to how trade policies will evolve; therefore, the borrowers and counterparties impacted may change over time.
Status of Loans Held for Investment
1.
Nonaccrual loans are loans where principal or interest is not expected when contractually due or are past due 90 days or more.
Net Charge-off Ratios for Loans Held for Investment
CRE—Commercial real estate
SBL—Securities-based lending
1.
Net charge-off ratio represents gross charge-offs net of recoveries divided by total average loans held for investment before ACL.
There were no material charge-offs during the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments
1
NIG–Non-investment grade
1.
Counterparty credit ratings are internally determined by the CRM.
2.
Unrated loans and lending commitments are primarily trading positions that are measured at fair value and risk-managed as a component of market risk. For a further discussion of our market risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Market Risk” herein.
Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments by Industry
Institutional Securities Lending Activities
The Institutional Securities business segment lending activities include Corporate, Secured lending facilities, Commercial and Residential real estate, and Securities-based lending and Other. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, over 90% of our Institutional Securities total exposure, which consisted of loans and lending commitments, was investment grade and/or secured by collateral. For a description of Institutional Securities’ lending activities, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Institutional Securities Event-Driven Loans and Lending Commitments
Event-driven loans and lending commitments are associated with certain underwritings and/or syndications to finance a specific transaction, such as merger, acquisition,