Downgrade
1.
Amount represents arrangements between the Firm and other parties where upon the downgrade of one party, the downgraded party must deliver collateral to the other party. These bilateral downgrade arrangements are used by the Firm to manage the risk of counterparty downgrades.
The additional collateral or termination payments that may be called in the event of a future credit rating downgrade vary by contract and can be based on ratings by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., S&P Global Ratings and/or other rating
agencies. The previous table shows the future potential collateral amounts and termination payments that could be called or required by counterparties or exchange and clearing organizations in the event of one-notch or two-notch downgrade scenarios based on the relevant contractual downgrade triggers.
Maximum Potential Payout/Notional of Credit Protection Sold
1
Fair Value Asset (Liability) of Credit Protection Sold
1
1.
Investment grade/non-investment grade determination is based on the internal credit rating of the reference obligation. Internal credit ratings serve as the CRM’s assessment of credit risk and the basis for a comprehensive credit limits framework used to control credit risk. The Firm uses quantitative models and judgment to estimate the various risk parameters related to each obligor.
Protection Purchased with CDS
The Firm enters into credit derivatives, principally CDS, under which it receives or provides protection against the risk of default on a set of debt obligations issued by a specified reference entity or entities. A majority of the Firm’s counterparties for these derivatives are banks, broker-dealers, and insurance and other financial institutions.
The fair value amounts as shown in the previous tables are prior to cash collateral or counterparty netting. For further information on credit derivatives and other credit contracts, see Note 6 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
7.
Investment Securities
AFS and HTM Securities
1.
Amounts are net of any ACL.
2.
U.S. agency securities consist mainly of agency mortgage pass-through pool securities, CMOs and agency-issued debt.
3.
Underlying loans are backed by a guarantee, ultimately from the U.S. Department of Education, of at least
95
% of the principal balance and interest outstanding.
4.
Represents the amount of unallocated portfolio layer method basis adjustments related to AFS securities hedged in a closed portfolio. Portfolio layer method basis adjustments are not allocated to individual securities. Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K and Note 6 herein for additional information.
AFS Securities in an Unrealized Loss Position
For AFS securities, the Firm believes there are no securities in an unrealized loss position that have credit losses after performing the analysis described in Note 2 in the 2024 Form 10-K and the Firm expects to recover the amortized cost basis of these securities. Additionally, the Firm