(see Note 2 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K and Note 2 to the financial statements), the fair value of financial instruments, goodwill and intangible assets, legal and regulatory contingencies (see Note 14 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K and Note 13 to the financial statements) and income taxes policies involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity. For a further discussion about our critical accounting policies, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity and capital policies are established and maintained by senior management, with oversight by the Asset/Liability Management Committee and our Board of Directors (“Board”). Through various risk and control committees, senior management reviews business performance relative to these policies, monitors the availability of alternative sources of financing, and oversees the liquidity, interest rate and currency sensitivity of our asset and liability position. Our Corporate Treasury department (“Treasury”), Firm Risk Committee, Asset/Liability Management Committee, and other committees and control groups assist in evaluating, monitoring and managing the impact that our business activities have on our balance sheet, liquidity and capital structure. Liquidity and capital matters are reported regularly to the Board and the Risk Committee of the Board.
Balance Sheet
We monitor and evaluate the composition and size of our balance sheet on a regular basis. Our balance sheet management process includes quarterly planning, business-specific thresholds, monitoring of business-specific usage versus key performance metrics and new business impact assessments.
We establish balance sheet thresholds at the consolidated and business segment levels. We monitor balance sheet utilization and review variances resulting from business activity and market fluctuations. On a regular basis, we review current performance versus established thresholds and assess the need to re-allocate our balance sheet based on business segment
needs. We also monitor key metrics, including asset and liability size and capital usage.
Total Assets by Business Segment
1.
Amounts include loans held for investment, net of ACL, and loans held for sale but exclude loans at fair value, which are included in Trading assets in the balance sheet (see Note 9 to the financial statements).
2.
Other assets primarily includes premises, equipment and software, ROU assets related to leases, other investments, and deferred tax assets.
A substantial portion of total assets consists of cash and cash equivalents, liquid marketable securities and short-term receivables. In the Institutional Securities business segment, these arise from market-making, financing and prime brokerage activities, and in the Wealth Management business segment, these arise from banking activities,