primarily driven by higher average AUM on higher market levels.
Asset management revenues are influenced by the level, relative mix of AUM and related fee rates. While higher market levels drove increases in average AUM in the current quarter, there were continued net outflows in the Equity asset class, which may be influenced by the structure and performance of our investment strategies and products relative to their benchmarks, offset by higher net inflows in the Alternatives and Solutions and Fixed Income asset classes reflecting client preferences. To the extent these conditions continue, we would expect our Asset management revenue to continue to be impacted.
See “Assets Under Management or Supervision” herein.
Performance-based Income and Other
Performance-based income and other revenues of $151 million in the current quarter increased from the prior year quarter, as a result of higher accrued carried interest in infrastructure funds.
Non-Interest Expenses
Non-interest expenses of $1,279 million in the current quarter increased 13% from the prior year quarter, as a result of higher Compensation and benefits expenses.
•
Compensation and benefits expenses increased in the current quarter, primarily due to higher compensation
associated with carried interest and higher severance costs associated with a RIF in March.
•
Non-compensation expenses increased in the current quarter, primarily due to higher distribution expenses on higher average AUM.
Assets Under Management or Supervision Rollforwards
1.
Inflows represent investments or commitments from new and existing clients in new or existing investment products, including reinvestments of client dividends and increases in invested capital. Inflows exclude the impact of exchanges, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class.
2.
Outflows represent redemptions from clients’ funds, transition of funds from the committed capital period to the invested capital period and decreases in invested capital. Outflows exclude the impact of exchanges, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class.
3.
Market impact includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments. This excludes any funds where market impact does not impact management fees.
4.
Other contains both distributions and foreign currency impact for all periods. Distributions represent decreases in invested capital due to returns of capital after the investment period of a fund. It also includes fund dividends that the client has not reinvested. Foreign currency impact reflects foreign currency changes for non-U.S. dollar denominated funds.
Average AUM
Average Fee Rates
1
1.
Based on Asset management revenues, net of waivers, excluding performance-based fees and other non-management fees. For certain non-U.S. funds, it includes the portion of advisory fees that the advisor collects on behalf of third-party distributors. The payment of those fees to the distributor is included in Non-