financial instruments for the bid-mid or mid-ask spread required to properly reflect the exit price of a risk position. Bid-mid and mid-ask spreads are marked to levels observed in trade activity, broker quotes or other external third-party data. Where these spreads are unobservable for the particular position in question, spreads are derived from observable levels of similar positions.
The Firm applies credit-related valuation adjustments to its Borrowings for which the fair value option was elected and to OTC derivatives. The Firm considers the impact of changes in its own credit spreads based upon observations of the secondary bond market spreads when measuring the fair value for Borrowings.
For OTC derivatives, which are recognized in Trading assets at fair value in the balance sheet, the impact of changes in both the Firm’s and the counterparty’s credit rating is considered when measuring fair value. In determining the expected exposure, the Firm simulates the distribution of the future exposure to a counterparty, then applies market-based default probabilities to the future exposure, leveraging external third-party CDS spread data. Where CDS spread data are unavailable for a specific counterparty, bond market spreads, CDS spread data based on the counterparty’s credit rating or CDS spread data that reference a comparable counterparty may be utilized. The Firm also considers collateral held and legally enforceable master netting agreements that mitigate its exposure to each counterparty.
Adjustments for model uncertainty are taken for positions whose underlying models are reliant on significant inputs that are neither directly nor indirectly observable, hence requiring reliance on established theoretical concepts in their derivation. These adjustments are derived by making assessments of the possible degree of variability using statistical approaches and market-based information where possible.
The Firm may apply concentration adjustments to certain of its OTC derivative portfolios to reflect the additional cost of closing out a particularly large risk exposure. Where possible, these adjustments are based on observable market information, but in many instances, significant judgment is required to estimate the costs of closing out concentrated risk exposures due to the lack of liquidity in the marketplace.
The Firm applies an FVA in the fair value measurements of OTC uncollateralized or partially collateralized derivatives and in collateralized derivatives where the terms of the agreement do not permit the reuse of the collateral received. In general, FVA reflects a market funding risk premium inherent in the noted derivative instruments. The methodology for measuring FVA leverages the Firm’s existing credit-related valuation adjustment calculation methodologies, which apply to both assets and liabilities.
See Note 4 for a description of valuation techniques applied to the major categories of financial instruments measured at fair value.