(ii) the counterparty credit risk for repo-style transactions; and (iii) the credit equivalent amount for off-balance sheet exposures.
3.
Required ratios are inclusive of any buffers applicable as of the date presented.
Regulatory Capital
1.
Other adjustments and deductions used in the calculation of CET1  capital primarily includes net after-tax DVA, the credit spread premium over risk-free rate for derivative liabilities, defined benefit pension plan assets, after-tax gain on sale from assets sold into securitizations, investments in our own capital instruments and certain deferred tax assets.
RWA Rollforward
Regulatory VaR—VaR for regulatory capital requirements
In 2024, Credit risk RWA increased under both the Standardized and Advanced Approaches. Under the Standardized Approach, the increase was primarily due to higher Securities financing transactions, growth in Corporate lending, as well as an increase in Other credit risk driven by securitizations. These increases were partially offset by decreased exposure in derivatives. Under the Advanced Approach, the increase was primarily due to growth in Corporate lending, increase in Derivatives driven by counterparty credit risk, and higher Securities financing transactions. These increases were partially offset by decreased exposure in investment securities.
Market risk RWA increased in 2024 under both the Standardized and Advanced Approaches, primarily driven by higher charges on Specific risk and Incremental risk due to increased exposures.
The increase in Operational risk RWA in 2024 is related to legal expenses and execution losses.
G-SIB Capital Surcharge
We and other U.S. G-SIBs are subject to an additional risk-based capital surcharge, the G-SIB capital surcharge, which must be satisfied using CET1 capital and which functions as an extension of the capital conservation buffer. The surcharge is calculated based on the G-SIB’s size, interconnectedness, cross-jurisdictional activity, and complexity and
substitutability (“Method 1”) or use of short-term wholesale funding (“Method 2”), whichever is higher.
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements
The Federal Reserve has established external TLAC, long-term debt (“LTD”) and clean holding company requirements for top-tier BHCs of U.S. G-SIBs (“covered BHCs”), including the Parent Company. These requirements are designed to ensure that covered BHCs will have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of eligible LTD to equity or otherwise by imposing losses on eligible LTD or other forms of TLAC where an SPOE resolution strategy is used (see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning” and “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk”).
These TLAC and eligible LTD requirements include various restrictions, such as requiring eligible LTD to: be issued by the covered BHC; be unsecured; have a