Note 15 to the financial statements for information about our securitization activities.
Commercial real estate loans are primarily senior, secured by underlying real estate and are typically in term loan form. In addition, as part of certain of its trading and securitization activities, Institutional Securities may also hold residential real estate loans.
Securities-based lending and Other includes financing extended to sales and trading customers and corporate loans purchased in the secondary market.
Institutional Securities Event-Driven Loans and Lending Commitments
Event-driven loans and lending commitments are associated with certain underwritings and/or syndications to finance a specific transaction, such as merger, acquisition, recapitalization or project finance activities. Balances may fluctuate as such lending is related to transactions that vary in timing and size from period to period.
Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments Held for Investment
Institutional Securities Commercial Real Estate Loans and Lending Commitments
By Region
By Property Type
LC–Lending Commitments
1. Amounts include HFI, HFS and FVO loans and lending commitments. HFI loans are presented net of ACL.
The current economic environment and changes in business and consumer behavior have adversely impacted commercial real estate borrowers due to pressure from higher interest rates, tenant lease renewals, and elevated refinancing risks for loans with near-term maturities, among other issues. While we continue to actively monitor all our loan portfolios, the commercial real estate sector remains under heightened focus given the sector’s sensitivity to economic and secular factors, credit conditions, and difficulties specific to certain property types, most notably office.
As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023
, our lending against commercial real estate (“CRE”) properties within the Institutional Securities business segment totaled
$10.7 billion and $9.4 billion, respectively. This represents
4.4% and 4.5%, respectively,
of total exposure reflected in the Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments table above. Those CRE loans are originated for experienced sponsors and are generally secured by specific institutional CRE properties. In many cases, loans are subsequently syndicated or s
ecuritized on a full or partial basis, reducing our ongoing exposure.
In addition to the amounts included in the table above, we provide certain secured lending facilities which are typically collateralized by pooled CRE mortgage loans and are included in Secured lending facilities in the Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments Held for Investment table above. These secured lending facilities benefit from structural protections including cross-collateralization and diversification across property types.
Institutional Securities Allowance for Credit Losses—Loans and Lending Commitments
Institutional Securities HFI Loans—Ratios of Allowance