risk management is vital to the success of our business activities. For a discussion of our Enterprise Risk Management framework and risk management functions, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Market Risk
Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, spreads, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio. Generally, we incur market risk as a result of trading, investing and client facilitation activities, principally within the Institutional Securities business segment where the substantial majority of our VaR for market risk exposures is generated. In addition, we incur non-trading market risk, principally within the Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments. The Wealth Management business segment primarily incurs non-trading market risk (including interest rate risk) from lending and deposit-taking activities. The Investment Management business segment primarily incurs non-trading market risk from capital investments in its funds. For a further discussion of market risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Market Risk” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Trading Risks
We have exposures to a wide range of risks related to interest rates and credit spreads, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices as well as the associated implied volatilities, correlations and spreads of the global markets in which we conduct our trading activities.
The statistical technique known as VaR is one of the tools we use to measure, monitor and review the market risk exposures of our trading portfolios.
For information regarding our primary risk exposures and market risk management, VaR methodology, assumptions and limitations, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Market Risk—Trading Risks” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
95%/One-Day Management VaR for the Trading Portfolio
1.
The high and low VaR values for the Total Management VaR and each of the component VaRs might have occurred on different days during the quarter, and, therefore, the diversification benefit is not an applicable measure.
2.
Diversification benefit equals the difference between the total VaR and the sum of the component VaRs. This benefit arises because the simulated one-day losses for each of the components occur on different days. Similar diversification benefits are also taken into account within each component.
Average Total Management VaR and average Management VaR for the Primary Risk Categories increased from the three months ended December 31, 2024, primarily driven by increased exposure in credit spread risk category and higher market volatility.
Distribution of VaR Statistics and Net Revenues
We evaluate the reasonableness of our VaR model by comparing the potential declines in portfolio values generated by the model with