Model risk is generated from the use of models impacting financial statements, regulatory filings, capital adequacy assessments and the formulation of strategy. For a further discussion about our model risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Model Risk” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or difficulty in liquidating our assets. Liquidity risk also encompasses our ability (or perceived ability) to meet our financial obligations without experiencing significant business disruption or reputational damage that may threaten our viability as a going concern. For a further discussion about our liquidity risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Liquidity Risk” in the 2024 Form 10-K and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources” herein.
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk
Legal, regulatory and compliance risk includes the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, including fines, penalties, judgments, damages and/or settlements, limitations on our business, or loss to reputation that we may suffer as a result of failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards and codes of conduct applicable to our business activities. This risk also includes contractual and commercial risk, such as the risk that a counterparty’s performance obligations will be unenforceable. It also includes compliance with AML,
terrorist financing, and anti-corruption rules and regulations. For a further discussion about our legal and compliance risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Climate Risk
Climate change manifests as physical and transition risks. The physical risks of climate change include harm to people and property arising from acute climate-related events, such as floods, hurricanes, heatwaves, droughts and wildfires, and chronic, longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as higher global average temperatures, rising sea levels and long-term droughts. The transition risks of climate change include policy, legal, technology and market changes. Examples of these transition risks include changes in consumer and business sentiment, related technologies, shareholder preferences and any additional regulatory and legislative requirements, including increased disclosure or regulation of carbon emissions. Climate risk, which is not expected to have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition in the near term, is an overarching risk that can impact other categories of risk. For a further discussion about our climate risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Climate Risk” in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Report of Independent