collateralized financing transactions.
Since commitments associated with these instruments may expire unused, the amounts shown do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements.
For a further description of these commitments, refer to Note 14 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Guarantees
1.
The carrying amounts of derivative contracts that meet the accounting definition of a guarantee are shown on a gross basis. For further information on derivatives contracts, see Note 6.
2.
These amounts include certain issued standby letters of credit participated to third parties, totaling $
0.5
billion of notional and collateral/recourse, due to the nature of the Firm’s obligations under these arrangements.
3.
As of March 31, 2025, the carrying amount of standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees issued includes an allowance for credit losses of $
56
million.
4.
Related to commercial, residential mortgage and asset backed securitizations.
The Firm has obligations under certain guarantee arrangements, including contracts and indemnification agreements, that contingently require the Firm to make
payments to the guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying measure (such as an interest or foreign exchange rate, security or commodity price, an index, or the occurrence or non-occurrence of a specified event) related to an asset, liability or equity security of a guaranteed party. Also included as guarantees are contracts that contingently require the Firm to make payments to the guaranteed party based on another entity’s failure to perform under an agreement, as well as indirect guarantees of the indebtedness of others.
For more information on the nature of the obligations and related business activities for our guarantees, see Note 14 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Other Guarantees and Indemnities
In the normal course of business, the Firm provides guarantees and indemnifications in a variety of transactions. These provisions generally are standard contractual terms. Certain of these guarantees and indemnifications related to indemnities, market value guarantees, exchange and clearinghouse member guarantees, futures and over-the-counter derivatives clearing guarantees and merger and acquisition guarantees are described in Note 14 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K.
In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the Firm guarantees the debt and/or certain trading obligations (including obligations associated with derivatives, foreign exchange contracts and the settlement of physical commodities) of certain subsidiaries. These guarantees generally are entity or product specific and are required by investors or trading counterparties. The activities of the Firm’s subsidiaries covered by these guarantees (including any related debt or trading obligations) are included in the financial statements.
Finance Subsidiary
The Parent Company fully and unconditionally guarantees the