may be materially and adversely affected.
Certain of our business initiatives, including expansions of existing businesses or the introduction of new products, may change our client or account profile or bring us into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base and may expose us to new asset classes, services, competitors and new markets. These business activities expose us to new and enhanced risks, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, sovereign, compliance and operational risks, as well as franchise and reputational concerns regarding the manner in which these assets are being operated or held, or services are being delivered.
For more information regarding the regulatory environment in which we operate, see also “Business—Supervision and Regulation.”
Cybersecurity
For a discussion of cybersecurity, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk— Operational Risk— Cybersecurity.”
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Introduction
Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Morgan Stanley,” “Firm,” “us,” “we” or “our” mean Morgan Stanley (the “Parent Company”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries. See the “Glossary of Common Terms and Acronyms” for the definition of certain terms and acronyms used throughout this Form 10-K. For an analysis of 2023 results compared with 2022 results, see Part II, Item 7, “Management
’
s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC.
A description of the clients and principal products and services of each of our business segments is as follows:
Institutional Securities provides a variety of products and services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and ultra-high net worth clients. Investment Banking services consist of capital raising and financial advisory services, including the underwriting of debt, equity securities and other products, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings and project finance. Our Equity and Fixed Income businesses include sales, financing, prime brokerage, market-making, Asia wealth management services and certain business-related investments. Lending activities include originating corporate loans and commercial real estate loans, providing secured lending facilities, and extending securities-based and other