which form part of the Federal Reserve’s annual CCAR framework.
We must submit, on at least an annual basis, a capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking into account the results of separate annual stress tests designed by us and the Federal Reserve, so that the Federal Reserve may assess our systems and processes that incorporate forward-looking projections of revenues and losses to monitor and maintain our internal capital adequacy. As banks with less than $250 billion of total assets, our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are not subject to company-run stress test regulatory requirements.
The capital plan must include a description of all planned capital actions over a nine-quarter planning horizon, including any issuance or redemption of a debt or equity capital instrument, any capital distribution (i.e
.
, payments of dividends or stock repurchases) and any similar action that the Federal Reserve determines could impact our consolidated capital. The capital plan must include a discussion of how we
will maintain capital above the minimum regulatory capital ratios and how we will serve as a source of strength to our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries under supervisory stress scenarios. In addition, the Federal Reserve has issued guidance setting out its heightened expectations for capital planning practices at certain large financial institutions, including us.
As part of its annual capital supervisory stress testing process, the Federal Reserve determines an SCB for each large BHC, including us. The SCB applies only with respect to Standardized Approach risk-based capital requirements and replaced the CET1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5%. The SCB is the greater of (i) the maximum decline in our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio under the severely adverse scenario over the supervisory stress test measurement period plus the sum of the four quarters of planned common stock dividends divided by the projected RWAs from the quarter in which the Firm’s projected Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio reaches its minimum in the supervisory stress test and (ii) 2.5%.
The supervisory stress test assumes that BHCs generally maintain a constant level of assets and RWAs throughout the projection period.
A firm’s SCB is subject to revision each year, taking effect from October 1 to reflect the results of the Federal Reserve’s annual supervisory stress test. The Federal Reserve has discretion to recalculate a firm’s SCB outside of the October 1 annual cycle and to require approval for certain actions, in some circumstances. The Federal Reserve also has the authority to impose restrictions on capital actions as a supervisory matter.
For the 2024 capital planning and stress test cycle, we submitted our capital plan and company-run stress test results to the Federal Reserve on April 5, 2024. On June 26, 2024, the Federal Reserve published summary results of its supervisory stress tests of each large BHC, in which the projected decline in our CET1 ratio in the severely adverse