Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis
Certain of the Firm’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The Firm incurs losses or gains for any adjustments of these assets or liabilities to fair value.
For assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, fair value is determined by using various valuation approaches. The same hierarchy for inputs as described above, which requires that observable inputs be
used when available, is used in measuring fair value for these items.
For further information on financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis, see Note 4.
Offsetting of Derivative Instruments
In connection with its derivative activities, the Firm generally enters into master netting agreements and collateral agreements with its counterparties. These agreements provide the Firm with the right, in the event of a default by the counterparty, to net a counterparty’s rights and obligations under the agreement and to liquidate and set off cash collateral against any net amount owed by the counterparty. Derivatives with enforceable master netting agreements are reported net of cash collateral received and posted.
However, in certain circumstances, the Firm may not have such an agreement in place; the relevant insolvency regime may not support the enforceability of the master netting agreement or collateral agreement; or the Firm may not have sought legal advice to support the enforceability of the agreement. In cases where the Firm has not determined an agreement to be enforceable, the related amounts are not offset (see Note 6).
The Firm’s policy is generally to receive cash and/or securities posted as collateral (with rights of rehypothecation) in connection with derivative transactions, irrespective of the enforceability determination regarding the master netting and collateral agreement. In certain cases, the Firm may agree for such collateral to be posted by the counterparty to a third-party custodian under a control agreement that enables it to take control of such collateral in the event of a counterparty default. The enforceability of the master netting agreement is taken into account in the Firm’s risk management practices and application of counterparty credit limits.
For information related to offsetting of derivatives, see Note 6.
Hedge Accounting
The Firm applies hedge accounting using various derivative financial instruments for the following types of hedges: hedges of changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities due to the risk being hedged (fair value hedges); hedges of variability in forecasted cash flows from floating-rate assets due to contractually specified interest rates (cash flow hedges) and hedges of net investments in foreign operations whose functional currency is different from the reporting currency of the Parent Company (net investment hedges). These financial