carrying amounts at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 reflect an ACL of $
52
million and $
44
million, respectively, predominantly related to Non-agency CMBS. See Note 2 for a description of the ACL methodology used for HTM Securities.
As of  December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
98
% of the Firm’s portfolio of HTM securities were investment grade U.S. agency securities, U.S. Treasury securities and Agency CMBS, which were on accrual status and for which there is an underlying assumption of
zero
credit losses. Non-investment grade HTM securities primarily consisted of certain Non-agency CMBS securities, for which the expected credit losses were insignificant and were predominantly on accrual status at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.
See Note 15 for additional information on securities issued by VIEs, including U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, non-agency CMBS, and FFELP student loan ABS.
Investment Securities by Contractual Maturity
1.
Amounts are net of any ACL.
2.
Annualized average yield is computed using the effective yield, weighted based on the amortized cost of each security. The effective yield is shown pre-tax and excludes the effect of related hedging derivatives.
3.
At December 31, 2024, the annualized average yield, including the interest rate swap accrual of related hedges, was
2.7
% for AFS securities contractually maturing within 1 year and
3.8
% for all AFS securities.
4.
Represents the amount of unallocated portfolio layer method basis adjustments related to AFS securities hedged in a closed portfolio. Portfolio layer method basis adjustments are not allocated to individual securities. Refer to Note 2 and Note 6 for additional information.
Gross Realized Gains (Losses) on Sales of AFS Securities
1.
Realized gains and losses are recognized in Other revenues in the income statement.
8.
Collateralized Transactions
The Firm enters into securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions to, among other things, acquire securities to cover short positions and settle other securities obligations, to accommodate customers’ needs and to finance its inventory positions.
The Firm monitors the fair value of the underlying securities as compared with the related receivable or payable, including accrued interest, and, as necessary, requests additional collateral, as provided under the applicable agreement to ensure such transactions are adequately collateralized, or returns excess collateral.
The risk related to a decline in the market value of collateral pledged or received is managed by setting appropriate market-based margin requirements. Increases in collateral margin calls on secured financing due to market value declines may be mitigated by increases in collateral margin calls on securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed transactions with similar quality collateral. Additionally, the