4.
Fair Values
Recurring Fair Value Measurements
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
MABS—Mortgage- and asset-backed securities
1.
For positions with the same counterparty that cross over the levels of the fair value hierarchy, both counterparty netting and cash collateral netting are included in the column titled “Netting.” Positions classified within the same level that are with the same counterparty are netted within that level. For further information on derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 6.
2.
For a further breakdown by type, see the following Detail of Loans and Lending Commitments at Fair Value table.
3.
For trading purposes, the Firm holds or sells short equity securities issued by entities in diverse industries and of varying sizes.
4.
Amounts exclude certain investments that are measured based on NAV per share, which are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. For additional disclosure about such investments, see “Net Asset Value Measurements” herein.
5.
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Firm’s Trading assets included an insignificant amount of equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that generally prohibit the Firm from selling the security for a period of time as of the measurement date.
Detail of Loans and Lending Commitments at Fair Value
Unsettled Fair Value of Futures Contracts
1
1.
These contracts are primarily Level 1, actively traded, valued based on quoted prices from the exchange and are excluded from the previous recurring fair value tables.
For a description of the valuation techniques applied to the Firm’s major categories of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, see Note 4 to the financial statements in the 2024 Form 10-K. During the current quarter, there were no significant revisions made to the Firm’s valuation techniques.
Rollforward of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Level 3 instruments may be hedged with instruments classified in Level 1 and Level 2. The realized and unrealized gains or losses for assets and liabilities within the Level 3 category presented in the previous tables do not reflect the related realized and unrealized gains or losses on hedging instruments that have been classified by the Firm within the Level 1 and/or Level 2 categories.
The unrealized gains (losses) during the period for assets and liabilities within the Level 3 category may include changes in fair value during the period that were attributable to both observable and unobservable inputs. Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) are primarily included in Trading revenues in the income statement.
Additionally, in the previous tables, consolidations of VIEs are included in Purchases, and deconsolidations of VIEs are included in Settlements.
Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring and Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements
Valuation Techniques and Unobservable