allowance to cover expected losses based on troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence.
Related Party Transactions
In March 2024, we entered into an agreement with Inflection AI, Inc. (“Inflection”), pursuant to which we obtained a non-exclusive license to Inflection’s intellectual property. Reid Hoffman, a member of our Board of Directors, is a co-founder of and serves on the board of directors of Inflection. As of the date of the agreement with Inflection, Reprogrammed Interchange LLC (“Reprogrammed”) and entities affiliated with Greylock Ventures (“Greylock”) each held less than a
10
% equity interest in Inflection. Mr. Hoffman may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by Reprogrammed and Greylock by virtue of his relationship with such entities. Mr. Hoffman did not participate in any portions of the meetings of our Board of Directors or any committee thereof to review and approve the transaction with Inflection.
10
PART I
Item 1
Recent Accounting Guidance
Segment Reporting – Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued a new standard to improve reportable segment disclosures. The guidance expands the disclosures required for reportable segments in our annual and interim consolidated financial statements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2025 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our segment disclosures.
Income Taxes – Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued a new standard to improve income tax disclosures. The guidance requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standardized categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2026, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our income tax disclosures.
Income Statement – Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued a new standard to expand disclosures about income statement expenses. The guidance requires disaggregation of certain costs and expenses included in each relevant expense caption on our consolidated income statements in a separate note to the financial statements at each interim and annual reporting period, including amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and intangible asset amortization. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2028 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our disclosures.
NOTE 2