in which our customers were located, was as follows:
(a)
Includes billings to OEMs and certain multinational organizations because of the nature of these businesses and the impracticability of determining the geographic source of the revenue.
Revenue, classified by significant product and service offerings, was as follows:
29
PART I
Item 1
Our Microsoft Cloud revenue, which includes Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, Azure and other cloud services, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, and Dynamics 365, was $
42.4
billion and $
122.2
billion for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2025, respectively, and $
35.2
billion and $
100.8
billion for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2024, respectively. These amounts are included in Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, Server products and cloud services, LinkedIn, and Dynamics products and cloud services in the table above.
Assets are not allocated to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of amortization and depreciation is included with various other costs in an overhead allocation to each segment. It is impracticable for us to separately identify the amount of amortization and depreciation by segment that is included in the measure of segment profit or loss.
30
PART I
Item 1
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST
ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation
Results of Review of Interim Financial Information
We have reviewed the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2025, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders’ equity for the three-month and nine-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “interim financial information”). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying interim financial information for it to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of June 30, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders’ equity for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated July 30, 2024 (December 3, 2024 as to the effects of the retrospective adjustments in Notes 1, 8, 9, 13, and 19), we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2024, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived.
Basis for Review Results
This interim financial information is the