into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. For example,
in March 2022 we completed our acquisition of Nuance Communications, Inc.,
and in October
2023 we
completed our acquisition of
Activision Blizzard, Inc.
(“Activision Blizzard”). In January 2023 we announced the third phase of our OpenAI strategic partnership. Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve significant challenges and risks, including that they do not advance our business strategy, that we get an unsatisfactory return on our investment, that they raise new compliance-related obligations and challenges, that we have difficulty integrating and retaining new employees, business systems, and technology, that they distract management from our other businesses, or that announced transactions may not be completed. If an arrangement fails to adequately anticipate changing circumstances and interests of a party, it may result in early termination or renegotiation of the arrangement. We also have limited ability to control or influence third parties with whom we have arrangements, which may impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits. The success of these transactions and arrangements depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones, as well as the acquired companies’ ability to meet our policies and processes in areas such as data governance, privacy, and cybersecurity. It may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits from these transactions and arrangements, such as increased revenue or enhanced efficiencies, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than we expected. In addition, an acquisition may be subject to challenge even after it has been completed. For example, the Federal Trade Commission continues to challenge our Activision Blizzard acquisition and could, if successful, alter or unwind the transaction. These events could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
50
PART II
Item 1A
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
We acquire other companies and intangible assets and may not realize all the economic benefit from those acquisitions, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. We review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in industry segments in which we participate. We have recorded, and may in the future be required to record, a