the share repurchase program approved on September 14, 2021. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding related to the vesting of stock awards of $
1.3
billion and $
4.1
billion for the
three and nine months ended March 31, 2025, respectively, and $
1.4
billion and $
3.9
billion for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2024, respectively.
Dividends
Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends:
The dividend declared on March 11, 2025 was included in other current liabilities as of March 31, 2025.
26
PART I
Item 1
NOTE 16 — ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component:
NOTE 17
—
SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA
In its operation of the business, management, including our chief operating decision maker, who is also our Chief Executive Officer, reviews certain financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss statements prepared on a basis not consistent with GAAP. During the periods presented, we reported our financial performance based on the following segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing.
We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business. Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies for further information.
27
PART I
Item 1
Our reportable segments are described below.
Productivity and Business Processes
Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:
•
Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, comprising Microsoft 365 Commercial, Enterprise Mobility + Security, the cloud portion of Windows Commercial, the per-user portion of Power BI, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance, Microsoft Viva, and Microsoft 365 Copilot; and Microsoft 365 Commercial products, comprising Windows Commercial on-premises and Office licensed on-premises.
•
Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other consumer services.
•
LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.
•
Dynamics products and cloud services, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERP and CRM applications.
Intelligent Cloud
Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that can power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:
•
Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services,