resulting in inventory adjustments may increase our cost of revenue. Datacenter servers, Xbox consoles, Surface devices, and other hardware are assembled in Asia and other geographies that may be subject to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages which may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our software products and services also may experience quality or reliability problems. The highly sophisticated software we develop may contain bugs and other defects that interfere with their intended operation. Our customers increasingly rely on us for critical business functions and multiple workloads. Many of our products and services are interdependent on one another. Our products and services may be impacted by interaction with third-party products and services. Our customers may also utilize their own or third-party products and services whose reliability is dependent on interaction with our products and services. Each of these circumstances potentially magnifies the impact of quality or reliability issues. Any defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing could cause reduced sales, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenge.
Our hardware products such as Xbox consoles, Surface devices, and other devices we design and market are highly complex. Failure to prevent, detect, or address defects in design, manufacture, or associated software could result in recalls, safety alerts, or product liability claims, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
27
PART I
Item 1A
LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND LITIGATION RISKS
Government enforcement under competition laws and new market regulation may limit how we design and market our products.
Government agencies closely scrutinize us under U.S. and foreign competition laws. Governments are actively enforcing competition laws and regulations and enacting new regulations to intervene in digital markets, and this includes markets such as the EU, the United Kingdom, the U.S., and China. Some jurisdictions also allow competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. U.S. and foreign antitrust authorities have previously brought enforcement actions and continue to scrutinize our business.
For example, the European Commission (“the Commission”) has designated Windows and LinkedIn as core platform services subject to obligations under the EU Digital Markets Act, which prohibits certain self-preferencing behaviors and places limitations on certain data use among other obligations. The Commission also continues to closely scrutinize the design of high-