innovate solutions for us and our customers to address the growing number and complexity of cybersecurity regulations.
When we experience a cybersecurity incident, we utilize our well-established incident response plans that operate both across the company and at the product and services level. Incidents are first triaged for severity, and then more deeply assessed to establish a plan of record and activate internal and external notification, disclosure, and communication plans, as applicable. Engineering and development resources are mobilized to resolve or remediate the incident. After the incident is resolved, a comprehensive post-incident review process is conducted.
We describe the risks from cybersecurity threats, including previous cybersecurity incidents, in section “Risk Factors” (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K). As of the date of this Form 10-K, we do not believe any risks from cybersecurity threats have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our results of operations or financial condition. However, the cybersecurity threat environment is increasingly challenging, and we, along with the entire digital ecosystem, are under constant and increasing threat. As discussed above, our business strategy is tied to the SFI and we are committed to continuously monitoring cybersecurity threats, enhancing the security of our products, investing in our cybersecurity infrastructure, and collaborating with peers, customers, service providers, regulators, and governments to advance our and the entire digital ecosystem’s cybersecurity defenses and resiliency.
GOVERNANCE
Our Board of Directors oversees cybersecurity risk. Cybersecurity reviews by the Board are scheduled to occur at least quarterly, or more frequently as determined to be necessary or advisable. Presentations to the Board of Directors are made by senior management, including our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), our EVP of Microsoft Security, and the head of our Customer Security and Trust organization. The presentations address topics such as cybersecurity threats, incidents, top risks and related remediation efforts, results from internal and third-party assessments, progress towards risk-mitigation goals, the functioning of our incident response program, regulatory developments, and digital diplomacy efforts. In addition, we have an escalation process in place to inform senior management and the Board of significant issues. Cybersecurity issues are also considered during separate Board meeting discussions regarding important matters like ERM, audit issues, operational budgeting, business continuity planning, mergers and acquisitions, brand management, and other relevant matters.
Our CISO leads the strategy, engineering, and operations of cybersecurity across the company, and reports to the EVP of Microsoft Security. Our CISO has extensive experience assessing and managing cybersecurity programs and cybersecurity risk. Before joining