full lifecycle toolchain customers can use to ground these models on their own data, create prompt workflows, and help ensure they are deployed and used safely.
GitHub Copilot is at the forefront of AI-powered software development, giving developers a tool to write code easier and faster. From GitHub to Visual Studio, we provide a developer tool chain for everyone, no matter the technical experience, across all platforms.
We have a long-term partnership with OpenAI, a leading AI research and deployment company. We deploy OpenAI’s models across our consumer and enterprise products. As OpenAI’s exclusive cloud provider, Azure powers all of OpenAI's workloads. We have also increased our investments in the development and deployment of specialized supercomputing systems to accelerate OpenAI’s research.
Our hybrid infrastructure offers integrated, end-to-end security, compliance, identity, and management capabilities to support the real-world needs and evolving regulatory requirements of commercial customers and enterprises. Our industry clouds bring together capabilities across the entire Microsoft Cloud, along with industry-specific customizations. Azure Arc simplifies governance and management by delivering a consistent multi-cloud and on-premises management platform.
The Microsoft Intelligent Data Platform fully integrates databases, analytics, and governance. Microsoft Fabric is an end-to-end, unified analytics platform that brings together all the data and analytics tools that organizations need.
Nuance is a leader in conversational AI and ambient intelligence across industries, including healthcare, financial services, retail, and telecommunications. Microsoft and Nuance enable organizations to accelerate their business goals with security-focused, cloud-based solutions infused with AI.
As the rate and pace of cyberthreats continue to accelerate, security is a top priority for every organization. Microsoft offers customers integrated products addressing security, compliance, identity, management, and privacy across customers’ multi-cloud, application, and device assets. With Copilot for Security, Microsoft offers an AI cybersecurity product that enables security professionals to respond to cyberthreats quickly.
Windows 365 enables users to stream a full Windows experience from the Microsoft Cloud to any device.
Create More Personal Computing
We strive to make computing more personal, enabling users to interact with technology in more intuitive, engaging, and dynamic ways.
Windows 11 offers innovations focused on performance, productivity, and creativity, including Copilot in Windows. Windows 11 security and privacy features include operating system security, application security, and user and identity security. Dev Home is an open-source experience in Windows to help developer productivity. We are committed to designing and marketing first-party devices to help drive innovation, create new device categories, and stimulate demand in the Windows