the Audit
Our audit procedures related to management’s estimates of the fair value of certain marketing-related and technology-based intangible assets acquired included the following, among others:
•
We tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the business combination, including internal controls over the revenue and expense forecasts and the selection of appropriate discount rates.
•
We assessed the knowledge, skills, abilities, and objectivity of management’s valuation specialist and evaluated the work performed.
96
PART II
Item 8
•
When assessing the reasonableness of assumptions related to forecasted revenue and expenses, we evaluated whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering historical financial information of Activision Blizzard, Inc., and the Company’s forecasted financial information.
•
With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates by:
-
Testing the source information underlying the discount rates and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations.
-
Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management.
/s/
D
ELOITTE
& T
OUCHE
LLP
Seattle, Washington
July 30, 2024
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1983.
97
PART II
Item 9, 9A
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU
NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL C
ONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or