help unlock for every country, community, and individual.
We believe AI should be as empowering across communities as it is powerful, and we’re committed to ensuring it is responsibly designed and built with safety and security from the outset.
What We Offer
Founded in 1975, we develop and support software, services, devices, and solutions that deliver new value for customers and help people and businesses realize their full potential.
We offer an array of services, including cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, and content, and we provide solution support and consulting services. We also deliver relevant online advertising to a global audience.
Our products include operating systems, cross-device productivity and collaboration applications, server applications, business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, and video games. We also design and sell devices, including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories.
3
PART I
Item 1
The Ambitions That Drive Us
To achieve our vision, our research and development efforts focus on three interconnected ambitions:
•
Reinvent productivity and business processes.
•
Build the intelligent cloud and intelligent edge platform.
•
Create more personal computing.
Reinvent Productivity and Business Processes
At Microsoft, we provide technology and resources to help our customers create a secure, productive work environment. Our family of products plays a key role in the ways the world works, learns, and connects.
Our growth depends on securely delivering continuous innovation and advancing our leading productivity and collaboration tools and services, including Microsoft 365, LinkedIn, and Dynamics 365. Microsoft 365 is an AI first platform that brings together Office, Windows, Copilot, and Enterprise Mobility + Security to help organizations empower their employees. Copilot for Microsoft 365 combines AI with business data in the Microsoft Graph and Microsoft 365 applications. Microsoft Teams is a comprehensive platform for communication and collaboration, with meetings, calling, chat, file collaboration, and the ability to bring all of the applications teams use into a single place. Microsoft Viva is an employee experience platform that brings together communications, knowledge, learning, resources, and insights.
Together, the Microsoft Cloud, Dynamics 365, Microsoft Teams, and our AI offerings bring a new era of collaborative applications for every role and business function to get insights and business impact faster. Dynamics 365 is a portfolio of intelligent business applications that delivers operational efficiency and breakthrough customer experiences. Our role-based extensions of Microsoft Copilot – Copilot for Sales, Copilot for Service, and Copilot for Finance – bring together the power of Copilot for Microsoft 365 with role-specific insights and workflow