emulate real-world attacks. We also engage in robust cybersecurity assessments and remediation efforts for acquired companies.
Our computing environments, products, and services are reviewed by our internal audit teams as well as independent third-party assessors. We are committed to managing the most significant risks to our strategies and ambitions, including cybersecurity risks. The Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) organization supports management in this commitment by facilitating the semiannual risk assessment, which documents the priority and status of these risks and aligns them with our strategic mitigation efforts. ERM is structured using a framework based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organization (“COSO”) guidance on Enterprise Risk Management Integrating Strategy with Performance and it also aligns with the International Organization for Standardization 31000:2018 Risk Management Standard.
We continuously monitor our computing environments, products, and services for vulnerabilities and signs of compromise, and we utilize our own security products to combat cybersecurity threats. We integrate security into our computing environments, products, and services through our Security Development Lifecycle (“SDL”). Our SDL introduces security and privacy considerations throughout all phases of our development process and through the adoption of zero-trust end-to-end architecture. We utilize machine learning and AI-powered security tools to gain insights from over 78 trillion signals per day and over 135 million managed devices. We track over 300 unique threat actors, including 160 nation-state actors and 50 ransomware groups. To support our efforts, we operate a Cyber Defense Operations Center connected to over 10,000 security and threat intelligence experts, including engineers, researchers, data scientists, cybersecurity experts, threat hunters, geopolitical analysts, investigators, and frontline responders across the globe.
34
PART I
Item 1C
When appropriate, we utilize external service providers to assess, test, or otherwise assist our program. We also leverage third parties by working with external researchers, operating bug bounty programs, and managing coordinated vulnerability disclosure programs with security organizations. We maintain a systematic approach to assessing and controlling the cybersecurity risks presented by third-party service providers. We require third-party service providers to manage their cybersecurity risks in defined ways, undergo cybersecurity reviews, notify us of cyber events, and satisfy additional contractual requirements.
We seek to improve the entire cybersecurity ecosystem through multistakeholder diplomacy to set and uphold expectations for state behavior, advancement of government policy that strengthens cybersecurity and resiliency, disruption and deterrence of cybercrime, protection of national security interests, and disruption of digital threats to democracies. We also establish processes and