services as well as our enterprise services may be used to find, generate, store, or disseminate harmful or illegal content in violation of our terms or applicable law. We may not proactively discover such content due to scale, the limitations of existing technologies, and conflicting legal frameworks. When discovered by users and others, such content may negatively affect our reputation, our brands, and user engagement. Regulations and other initiatives have been enacted to make platforms responsible for preventing or eliminating harmful content online, and we expect this to continue. At the same time, regulations and other initiatives regarding freedom of expression may conflict with such content moderation regulations. Failure to comply with content requirements may subject us to enhanced regulatory oversight, civil or criminal liability, or reputational damage, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
54
PART II
Item 1A
Our products and services, how they are used by customers, and how third-party products and services interact with them, may present security, privacy, and execution risks.
Our products and services may contain defects in design, manufacture, or operation that make them insecure or ineffective for their intended purposes. For example, an Internet of Things solution may have multiple layers of hardware, sensors, processors, software, and firmware, several of which we may not develop or control, and may have limited ability to be updated or patched. Further, customers control our products and services, including our AI products, within their environments, and may deploy them in high-risk scenarios or utilize them inappropriately. As a result, our products and services may increasingly affect personal health and safety. Our products may also collect large amounts of data in manners which may not satisfy customers or regulatory requirements. Our customers also operate complex systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors whose products or personnel may take or fail to take actions which impact the reliability or security of our products and services. If our products and services do not work as intended, are utilized in methods not intended, violate the law, or harm individuals or businesses, we may be subject to legal claims or enforcement actions. These risks, if realized, may increase our costs, damage our reputation, or adversely affect our results of operations.
Issues in the development, deployment, and use of AI may result in reputational or competitive harm or liability
. We are building AI into many of our offerings, including our productivity services, and we are also making AI available for our customers to use in solutions that they build. This AI may be developed by Microsoft or others, including our strategic partner, OpenAI. We expect these elements of our business to grow. We envision a future in which AI operating in devices, applications, and