another. Our products and services may be impacted by interaction with third-party products and services. Our customers may also utilize their own or third-party products and services whose reliability is dependent on interaction with our products and services. Each of these circumstances potentially magnifies the impact of quality or reliability issues. Any defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing could cause reduced sales, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenge.
Our hardware products such as Xbox consoles, Surface devices, and other devices we design and market are highly complex. Failure to prevent, detect, or address defects in design, manufacture, or associated software could result in recalls, safety alerts, or product liability claims, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
56
PART II
Item 1A
LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND LITIGATION RISKS
Government enforcement under competition laws and new market regulation may limit how we design and market our products.
Government agencies closely scrutinize us under U.S. and foreign competition laws. Governments are actively enforcing competition laws and regulations and enacting new regulations to intervene in digital markets, and this includes markets such as the EU, the United Kingdom, the U.S., and China. Some jurisdictions also allow competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. U.S. and foreign antitrust authorities have previously brought enforcement actions and continue to scrutinize our business.
For example, the European Commission (“the Commission”) has designated Windows and LinkedIn as core platform services subject to obligations under the EU Digital Markets Act, which prohibits certain self-preferencing behaviors and places limitations on certain data use among other obligations. The Commission also continues to closely scrutinize the design of high-volume Microsoft products and the terms on which we make certain technologies used in these products, such as file formats, programming interfaces, and protocols, available to other companies. Flagship product releases such as Microsoft 365 and Windows can receive significant scrutiny under EU or other competition laws.
Our portfolio of first-party devices continues to grow; at the same time, our OEM partners offer a large variety of devices for our platforms. As a result, we increasingly both cooperate and compete with our OEM partners, creating a risk that we fail to do so in compliance with competition rules. Regulatory scrutiny in this area may increase. Certain foreign governments, particularly in China and other