success, we seek to create an environment where people can thrive and do their best work. We strive to maximize the potential of our human capital resources by creating a respectful, rewarding, and inclusive work environment that enables our global employees to create products and services that further our mission. Microsoft’s culture is grounded in growth mindset. This means everyone is on a continuous journey to learn and grow, operating as one company instead of multiple siloed businesses. Our culture also embeds the security of customers and Microsoft as a priority for every employee and across all of our organizations.
7
PART I
Item 1
As of June 30, 2024, we employed approximately 228,000 people on a full-time basis, 126,000 in the U.S. and 102,000 internationally. Of the total employed people, 86,000 were in operations, including product support and consulting services, datacenter operations, and manufacturing and distribution; 81,000 were in product research and development; 45,000 were in sales and marketing; and 16,000 were in general and administration. Certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements.
We design our programs to attract, reward, and retain top talent, enable our employees’ continual growth, and reinforce our culture and values. Our total compensation opportunity is highly differentiated and market competitive. Our intended result is a global performance and development approach that fosters our culture, drives company performance, and competitive compensation that ensures equitable pay by role while supporting pay for performance.
Diversity and inclusion are core to our business. As reported in our Global Diversity and Inclusion Reports, we monitor pay equity and career progress across multiple dimensions. We encourage every person at Microsoft to play an active role in creating an inclusive environment.
We have invested significantly in employee wellbeing and offer a differentiated benefits package which includes many physical, emotional, and financial wellness programs. Our Occupational Health and Safety program helps to protect employees’ safety while they are working. We also have introduced Hybrid Workplace Flexibility guidance to better support leaders, managers, and employees in hybrid work scenarios.
We believe providing employees with access to continual learning enables them to drive impact for the company. We provide individuals and teams with access to first and third-party content resources across professions, disciplines, and roles, and offer skilling opportunities to support employees’ growth while driving organizations’ needs.
Our employee listening systems enable us to gather feedback directly from our workforce to inform our programs and employee needs globally, giving us real-time insights into ways we can support our employees. As a company, we will continue to leverage data and research to inform decision making, balancing the needs of the business, team, and individual.
OPERATING