by tax benefits from tax law changes in the prior fiscal year, including the delay of the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations, and changes in the mix of our earnings and tax expenses between the U.S. and foreign countries.
Our effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland.
Uncertain Tax Positions
As of March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, unrecognized tax benefits and other income tax liabilities were $
26.4
billion and $
24.9
billion, respectively, and are included in long-term income taxes in our consolidated balance sheets.
We remain under audit by the IRS for tax years
2014 to 2017
. With respect to the audit for tax years
2004 to 2013
, on September 26, 2023, we received Notices of Proposed Adjustment (“NOPAs”) from the IRS. The primary issues in the NOPAs relate to intercompany transfer pricing. In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $
28.9
billion plus penalties and interest. As of March 31, 2025, we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. We disagree with the proposed adjustments and will vigorously contest the NOPAs through the IRS’s administrative appeals office and, if necessary, judicial proceedings. We do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. Based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our income tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months.
We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S. Our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years
1996 to 2024
, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolution of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
NOTE 12 — UNEARNED REVENUE
Unearned revenue by segment was as follows:
We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business. Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies for further information.
Changes in unearned revenue were as follows:
22
PART I
Item 1
Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, was $
321
billion as of March
31
, 2025, of which $
315
billion is related to the commercial portion of revenue. We expect to recognize approximately
40
% of
our total company remaining performance obligation
revenue over the next
12
months and the remainder thereafter.
NOTE 13
—
LEASES
We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, Microsoft Experience Centers, and certain equipment. Our leases