phones cause brain cancer and entered an order excluding all of plaintiffs’ experts from testifying. The parties agreed to a stipulated dismissal of the consolidated cases to allow plaintiffs to appeal the expert testimony order. Plaintiffs appealed the court’s order in August of 2023, and the appeal was argued in January of 2025. A hearing on the status of the stayed cases occurred in December of 2023. In July 2024, the court entered summary judgment in nine of the stayed cases on the grounds that plaintiffs had agreed to be bound by the general causation outcome in the consolidated cases.
Irish Data Protection Commission Matter
In 2018, the Irish Data Protection Commission (“IDPC”) began investigating a complaint against LinkedIn as to whether LinkedIn’s targeted advertising practices violated the recently implemented European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Microsoft cooperated throughout the period of inquiry. In October 2024, the IDPC provided LinkedIn with a final decision alleging GDPR violations and assessing a fine. In November 2024, LinkedIn appealed the final decision to the Irish courts, and the next hearing is scheduled for May 2025.
Other Contingencies
We also are subject to a variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future.
As of March 31, 2025, we accrued aggregate legal liabilities of $
530
million. While we intend to defend these matters vigorously, adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach approximately $
800
million in aggregate beyond recorded amounts are reasonably possible. Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably estimable.
25
PART I
Item 1
NOTE 15
—
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Share Repurchases
On September 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $
60.0
billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in November 2021, has no expiration date, and may be terminated at any time. As of March 31, 2025, $
549
million remained of this $
60.0
billion share repurchase program.
On September 16, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $
60.0
billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program will commence following completion of the program approved on September 14, 2021, has no expiration date, and may be terminated at any time.
We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the share repurchase program:
All repurchases were made using cash resources. All shares repurchased were under