an attack involves on-premises software such as Exchange Server where we may have no or limited visibility into our customers’ computing environments.
Any of the foregoing events could result in reputational harm, loss of revenue, increased costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
24
PART I
Item 1A
Development and deployment of defensive measures
To defend against security threats to our internal IT systems, our cloud-based services, and our customers’ systems, we must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security, threat detection, and reliability features, escalate and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others in a timely manner, develop mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks even when software updates are not deployed, maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services, and provide security tools such as firewalls, anti-virus software, and advanced security and information about the need to deploy security measures and the impact of doing so.
The cost of measures to protect products and customer-facing services could reduce our operating margins. If we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services, data corruption issues, or reduced performance could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products or services. Customers may also spend more on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of additional products or services. Customers in certain industries such as financial services, health care, and government may have enhanced or specialized expectations and requirements to which we must engineer our products and services. Customers and third parties granted access to their systems may fail to update their systems, continue to run software or operating systems we no longer support, or may fail timely to install or enable security patches, or may otherwise fail to adopt adequate security practices Any of these could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. Our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, but there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenges. At times, to achieve commercial objectives, we may enter into agreements with larger liability exposure to customers.
Our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third parties. If there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, and if there is a security exploit targeting it, we may experience