relate to intercompany transfer pricing. In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $28.9 billion plus penalties and interest. The final resolution of the proposed adjustments, and other audits or litigation, may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and adversely affect our results of operations in the period or periods in which that determination is made.
We earn a significant amount of our operating income outside the U.S. A change in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our business or structure, or the expiration of or disputes about certain tax agreements in a particular country may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, changes in U.S. federal and state or international tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals, other global fundamental law changes currently being considered by many countries, including in the U.S., and changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
We are subject to evolving sustainability regulatory requirements and expectations, which exposes us to increased costs and legal and reputational risks.
Laws, regulations, and policies relating to environmental, social, and governance matters are being developed and formalized in Europe, the U.S., and elsewhere, which may include specific, target-driven frameworks and disclosure requirements. In addition, we have established and publicly announced goals and commitments to become carbon negative, water positive, zero waste, and protect more land than we use. Any failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our sustainability goals and commitments or to satisfy various sustainability reporting standards or regulatory requirements within the timelines we announce, or at all, could result in claims and lawsuits, regulatory actions, or damage to our reputation, each of which may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RISKS
We face risks related to the protection and utilization of our intellectual property that may result in our business and operating results being harmed.
Protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of our software, source code, and other intellectual property on a global basis is difficult. Similarly, the absence of harmonized patent laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent rights.
Changes in the law may continue to weaken our ability to prevent the use of patented technology. Our increasing engagement with open source software will also cause us to license our intellectual property rights broadly in certain situations. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
Source code, the