significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, negatively affecting our results of operations.
CYBERSECURITY, DATA PRIVACY, AND PLATFORM ABUSE RISKS
Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position.
Security of our information technology
Threats to security can take a variety of forms. Threat actors, including individual and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including nation-states or state-sponsored organizations, continuously undertake attacks that pose threats to our customers and our internal infrastructure, and we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in which such actors have gained unauthorized access to our systems and data, including customer systems and data. These actors use a wide variety of methods, which include developing and deploying malicious software; exploiting known and potential vulnerabilities or intentionally designed processes in hardware, software, or other infrastructure to attack our products and services or gain access to our networks and datacenters; using social engineering techniques to induce our employees, users, partners, or customers to disclose sensitive information, such as passwords, or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data; or acting in a coordinated manner or conducting coordinated attacks. For example, as previously disclosed in our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2024 and amended on March 8, 2024, beginning in late November 2023, a nation-state associated threat actor used a password spray attack to compromise a legacy test account and, in turn, gain access to Microsoft email accounts. The threat actor used information it obtained to gain unauthorized access to some of our source code repositories and internal systems, and the threat actor may continue to utilize this and other information to attempt to gain access to our systems or otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. This incident has and may continue to result in harm to our reputation and customer relationships. Nation-state and state-sponsored actors can sustain malicious activities for extended periods and deploy significant resources to plan and carry out attacks. Nation-state attacks against us, our customers, or our partners have and may continue to intensify due to our transparency to our customers, other stakeholders, and the public about cyberattacks, and during elections or periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict. Challenges or failures in applying security patches to all hardware and devices connected to our systems, including end-of-life and end-of-support equipment, have and may continue to result in unauthorized access to our systems and data in the future. Cyber incidents