interpreted and applied to our workforce practices may result in increased operating costs and less flexibility in how we meet our workforce needs. Our global workforce is predominantly non-unionized, although we do have some employees in the U.S. and internationally who are represented by unions or works councils. In the U.S., there has been a general increase in workers exercising their right to form or join a union. The unionization of significant employee populations could result in higher costs and other operational changes necessary to respond to changing conditions and to establish new relationships with worker representatives.
33
PART I
Item 1B, 1C
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE
D STAFF COMMENTS
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2024 that remain unresolved.
ITEM 1C. CY
BERSECURITY
RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY
Microsoft plays a central role in the world’s digital ecosystem. We have made it the top corporate priority to protect the computing environment used by our customers and employees and to support the resiliency of our cloud infrastructure and services, products, devices, and our internal corporate resources from determined adversaries. In response to the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape, we launched the Secure Future Initiative (“SFI”) in November 2023 and expanded the scope of SFI in May 2024. The SFI focuses our business strategy and efforts on continual improvement in cybersecurity protection, and is aligned around three security principles:
•
Secure by Design:
Security comes first when designing any product or service.
•
Secure by Default:
Security protections are enabled and enforced by default, require no extra effort, and are not optional.
•
Secure Operations:
Security controls and monitoring will continuously be improved to meet current and future threats.
We operate a cybersecurity program and governance framework designed to protect our computing environments against cybersecurity threats, and we have controls, policies, and procedures to identify, manage, and mitigate cybersecurity threats. Annually, we assess our cybersecurity program’s alignment with the National Institute of Standards & Technology’s Cyber Security Framework (“NIST”) and other applicable industry standards. We also undertake integrated planning and preparedness activities to support business continuity and operational resiliency. We assess our program's effectiveness through various exercises, including tabletop simulations and production environment tests, penetration and vulnerability tests, red team exercises, and other related activities. We conduct mandatory cybersecurity training, provide employees with tools to report suspected incidents and assess their own security posture, and conduct real-time simulated employee education exercises, such as phishing email campaigns designed to