that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ D
ELOITTE
& T
OUCHE
LLP
Seattle, Washington
July 30, 2024
100
PART II, III
Item 9B, 9C, 10
ITEM 9B. OTHER
INFORMATION
Insider Trading Arrangements
None of our officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, adopted,
modified
, or
terminated
a
“
Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement
” or a “
non-Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement,
” as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the three months ended June 30, 2024.
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN J
URISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFF
ICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
A list of our executive officers and biographical information appears in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Information about our directors may be found under the caption “Our Director Nominees” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held December 10, 2024 (the “Proxy Statement”). Information about our Audit Committee may be found under the caption “Board Committees” in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference.
We have adopted the Microsoft Finance Code of Professional Conduct (the “finance code of ethics”), a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and other finance organization employees. The finance code of ethics is publicly available on our website at
https://aka.ms/FinanceCodeProfessionalConduct
. If we make any substantive amendments to the finance code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K.
We have
adopted
insider trading policies and procedures applicable to our directors, officers, and employees, and have implemented processes for the company, that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC listing standards.
Our General Insider Trading Policy prohibits our employees and related persons and entities from trading in securities of Microsoft and other companies while in possession of material, nonpublic information. Our General Insider Trading Policy also prohibits our employees from disclosing material, nonpublic information Microsoft, or another publicly traded company, to others who may trade on the basis of that information. A copy of our General Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Form 10-K.
Our Restricted Trading Window Policy requires that certain officers of the company (corporate vice presidents and above) and other designated employees only transact in Microsoft securities during an open window period, subject to limited exceptions. In addition, certain