Microsoft, our CISO served in a prior Chief Technology Officer role as well as in senior leadership, engineering, and operational roles within multiple organizations. In addition to the Board’s oversight of cybersecurity risk, to support the CISO, we have established a Cybersecurity Governance Council (“CGC”) charged with overseeing initiatives that safeguard Microsoft’s infrastructure. The CGC is comprised of an executive-level team of Deputy CISOs with cybersecurity backgrounds and expertise relevant to their roles. The CGC responsibilities include approving our enterprise security risk assessment process and results, determining the appropriate cybersecurity risk level and mitigations, reviewing the NIST CSF alignment, and supporting compliance with cybersecurity regulations. Our cybersecurity efforts are supported directly by Microsoft’s security and threat intelligence experts and our employees across the company, all of whom receive cybersecurity awareness training and education and are expected to support our efforts.
35
PART I
Item 2, 3, 4
ITEM 2. PR
OPERTIES
Our corporate headquarters are located in Redmond, Washington. We have approximately 15 million square feet of space located in King County, Washington that is used for engineering, sales, marketing, and operations, among other general and administrative purposes. These facilities include approximately 12 million square feet of owned space situated on approximately 530 acres of land we own at our corporate headquarters, and approximately 3 million square feet of space we lease.
We own and lease other facilities domestically and internationally, primarily for offices, datacenters, and research and development. The largest owned international properties include space in the following locations: China, India, Ireland, and the Netherlands. The largest leased international properties include space in the following locations: Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Israel, Japan, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Refer to Research and Development (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion of our research and development facilities.
The table below shows a summary of the square footage of our properties owned and leased domestically and internationally as of June 30, 2024:
ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS
Refer to Note 15 – Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFE
TY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
36
PART II
Item 5
PAR
T II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COM
MON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
MARKET AND STOCKHOLDERS
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol MSFT. On July 25, 2024, there were 81,346 registered holders of record of our common stock.
SHARE REPURCHASES AND DIVIDENDS
Following are our monthly share repurchases for the fourth quarter of