sustained impact by directly enabling an increase of funds into local communities, improving diverse, small-business access to capital, and increasing skill development. We continue to partner with diverse-owned banking partners and asset managers to catalyze growth and industry participation. Additionally, we enriched our supplier pipeline, achieving our goal to spend $500 million with double the number of Black- and African American-owned suppliers. We have also provided 162 low- or no-interest loans to our small to medium-sized partners through our Partner Capital Fund.
We also continue to make progress toward our overall commitment to double the number of Black and African American and Hispanic and Latinx leaders in the U.S. by 2025.
Investing in Digital Skills
Microsoft’s Skills for Jobs initiative aims to support a more skills-based labor market, with greater flexibility and accessible learning paths to develop the right skills needed for the most in-demand jobs. This initiative brings together classes, Career Essentials Certificates, and other resources from LinkedIn, GitHub, and Microsoft Learn, and is built on data insights drawn from LinkedIn’s Economic Graph. Our goal was to train and certify 10 million learners by 2025. As of May 2024, we have surpassed that goal, training and certifying 12.6 million learners. We also launched a campaign in the United States in 2021 to help skill and recruit 250,000 people into the nation’s cybersecurity workforce by 2025, representing half of the country’s workforce shortage. To that end, we are making curriculum available free of charge to all of the nation’s higher education institutions, providing training for new and existing faculty, and providing scholarships and supplemental resources to 25,000 students. The cyber skills initiative has expanded to 27 additional countries that show elevated cyberthreat risks coupled with significant gaps in their cybersecurity workforces, where we’ve partnered with nonprofits and other educational institutions to train the next generation of cybersecurity workers.
Generative AI is creating unparalleled opportunities to empower workers globally, but only if everyone has the skills to use it. In June 2023, we launched an AI Skills initiative to help everyone learn how to harness the power of AI. This includes a new LinkedIn learning pathway offering new coursework on learning the foundations of generative AI. We also launched a new global grant challenge to uncover new ways of training workers on generative AI and provide greater access to digital learning events and resources. Additionally, we extended our reach in rural communities, including through our TechSpark initiative in the United States. As of June 2024, we’ve helped more than 2.5 million people in 92% of the world’s countries learn how to use AI.
HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES
Microsoft aims to recruit, develop, and retain world-changing talent from a diversity of backgrounds. To foster their and our