or other measures and using it for their own benefit which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
25
PART I
Item 1A
Abuse of our platforms may harm our reputation or user engagement.
Advertising, professional, marketplace, and gaming platform abuses
For platform products and services that provide content or host ads that come from or can be influenced by third parties, our reputation or user engagement may be negatively affected by activity that is hostile or inappropriate. This activity may come from users impersonating other people or organizations, including through the use of AI technologies, dissemination of information that may be viewed as misleading or intended to manipulate the opinions of our users, or the use of our products or services that violates our terms of service or otherwise for objectionable or illegal ends. Preventing or responding to these actions may require us to make substantial investments in people and technology and these investments may not be successful, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Other digital safety abuses
Our hosted consumer services as well as our enterprise services may be used to generate or
disseminate harmful or illegal content in violation of our terms or applicable law. We may not proactively discover such content due to scale, the limitations of existing technologies, and conflicting legal frameworks. When discovered by users and others, such content may negatively affect our reputation, our brands, and user engagement. Regulations and other initiatives to make platforms responsible for preventing or eliminating harmful content online have been enacted, and we expect this to continue. We may be subject to enhanced regulatory oversight, civil or criminal liability, or reputational damage if we fail to comply with content moderation regulations, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our products and services, how they are used by customers, and how third-party products and services interact with them, may present security, privacy, and execution risks.
Our products and services may contain defects in design, manufacture, or operation that make them insecure or ineffective for their intended purposes. For example, an Internet of Things solution may have multiple layers of hardware, sensors, processors, software, and firmware, several of which we may not develop or control, and may have limited ability to be updated or patched. Further, customers control our products and services, including our AI products, within their environments, and may deploy them in high-risk scenarios or utilize them inappropriately. As a result, our products and services may increasingly affect personal health and safety. Our products may also collect large amounts of data in manners which may not satisfy customers or regulatory requirements. Our customers also operate complex IT systems