order in August of 2023, and the parties have filed their briefs on the appeal. A hearing on the status of the stayed cases occurred in December of 2023. In July 2024, the court entered summary judgment in nine of the stayed cases on the grounds that plaintiffs had agreed to be bound by the general causation outcome in the consolidated cases.
86
PART II
Item 8
Irish Data Protection Commission Matter
In 2018, the Irish Data Protection Commission (“IDPC”) began investigating a complaint against LinkedIn as to whether LinkedIn’s targeted advertising practices violated the recently implemented European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Microsoft cooperated throughout the period of inquiry. In April 2023, the IDPC provided LinkedIn with a non-public preliminary draft decision alleging GDPR violations and proposing a fine. In July 2024, the IDPC provided LinkedIn with a revised non-public draft decision. There is no set timeline for the IDPC to issue a final decision, at which time Microsoft will consider its options to appeal.
Other Contingencies
We also are subject to a variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future.
As of June 30, 2024, we accrued aggregate legal liabilities of $
641
million. While we intend to defend these matters vigorously, adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach approximately $
600
million in aggregate beyond recorded amounts are reasonably possible. Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably estimable.
NOTE 16
—
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Shares Outstanding
Shares of common stock outstanding were as follows:
Share Repurchases
On September 18, 2019, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $
40.0
billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in February 2020 and was completed in November 2021.
On September 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $
60.0
billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in November 2021, following completion of the program approved on September 18, 2019, has no expiration date, and may be terminated at any time. As of June 30, 2024, $
10.3
billion remained of this $
60.0
billion share repurchase program.
We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs:
87
PART II
Item 8
All repurchases were made using cash resources. Shares repurchased during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 were under the share repurchase