diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade securities. We use credit default swap contracts to manage credit exposures relative to broad-based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “Other contracts” in the tables below.
Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features
Certain counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and require us to maintain minimum liquidity of $
1.0
billion. To the extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2024, our long-term unsecured debt rating was
AAA
, and cash investments were in excess of $
1.0
billion. As a result, no collateral was required to be posted.
73
PART II
Item 8
The following table presents the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments measured in U.S. dollar equivalents:
Fair Values of Derivative Instruments
The following table presents our derivative instruments:
Gross derivative assets and liabilities subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements for which we have elected to offset were $
304
million and $
800
million, respectively, as of June 30, 2024, and $
442
million and $
804
million, respectively, as of June 30, 2023.
The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives instruments on a gross basis:
74
PART II
Item 8
Gains (losses) on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expense), net were as follows:
Gains (losses), net of tax, on derivative instruments recognized in our consolidated comprehensive income statements were as follows:
NOTE 6 — INVENTORIES
The components of inventories were as follows:
75
PART II
Item 8
NOTE 7 — PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
The components of property and equipment were as follows:
During fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, depreciation expense was $
15.2
billion, $
11.0
billion, and $
12.6
billion, respectively.
As of June 30, 2024, we have committed $
35.4
billion for the construction of new buildings, building improvements, and leasehold improvements, primarily related to datacenters.
NOTE 8 — BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
Activision Blizzard, Inc.
On
October 13, 2023
, we completed our acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“Activision Blizzard”) for a total purchase price of $
75.4
billion, consisting primarily of cash. Activision Blizzard is a leader in game development and an interactive entertainment content publisher. The acquisition will accelerate the growth in our gaming business across mobile, PC, console, and cloud gaming. The financial results of Activision Blizzard have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Activision Blizzard is reported as part of our More Personal Computing segment.
The purchase