the cloud helps our customers be more productive in their work and personal lives. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. AI algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed. Datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased or inaccurate information. Content generated by AI systems may be offensive, illegal, inaccurate, or otherwise harmful. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by Microsoft or others could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions, cause harm to individuals, customers, or society, or result in our products and services not working as intended. Human review of certain inputs and outputs may be required, including for agentic AI systems that can take actions autonomously. Our implementation of AI systems could result in legal liability, regulatory action, brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or other adverse impacts. These risks may arise from intellectual property, data privacy, and other claims related to AI training and output, new and proposed legislation and regulations, such as the European Union’s (“EU”) AI Act, and new applications of data protection, privacy, consumer protection, intellectual property, and other laws. Some AI scenarios present ethical issues or may have broad impacts on society. There is also rising divergence globally in how to address these issues and impacts, with the result that we will need to navigate a web of different obligations in different geographies. Finally, if we enable or offer AI solutions that have unintended consequences, unintended usage or customization by our customers and partners, are contrary to our responsible AI policies and practices, or are otherwise controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
55
PART II
Item 1A
OPERATIONAL RISKS
We may have excessive outages, data losses, and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure.
Our increasing user traffic, growth in services, and the complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. We spend substantial amounts to build, purchase, or lease datacenters and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle more traffic on our websites and in our datacenters. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units and other components. The cost or availability of these dependencies could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including the transition to a clean energy economy, local and regional environmental regulations, and geopolitical disruptions. These demands continue to