imposition of penalties, criminal sanctions, or orders we cease the alleged noncompliant activity. In addition, there is increasing pressure from advocacy groups, regulators, competitors, customers, and other stakeholders across many of these areas. If our products do not meet customer expectations or legal requirements, we could face regulatory or legal actions, and our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes.
We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits. These claims may arise from a wide variety of business practices and initiatives, including major new product releases, AI services, significant business transactions, warranty or product claims, employment practices, and regulation. As we continue to expand our business and offerings, we may experience new and novel legal claims. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. A material adverse impact to our financial condition and results of operations could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
Our business with government customers may present additional uncertainties.
We derive substantial revenue from government contracts. Government contracts generally can present risks and challenges not present in private commercial agreements. For instance, we may be subject to government audits and investigations relating to these contracts, we could be suspended or debarred as a governmental contractor, we could incur civil and criminal fines and penalties, and under certain circumstances contracts may be rescinded. Some agreements may allow a government to terminate without cause and provide for higher liability limits for certain losses. Some contracts may be subject to periodic funding approval, reductions, cancellations, or delays which could adversely impact public-sector demand for our products and services. These events could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation.
We may have additional tax liabilities.
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices and principles, including changes to the global tax framework, in various jurisdictions. In recent years, multiple domestic and international tax