related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection, advertising, and online content. How these laws and regulations apply to our business is often unclear, subject to change over time, and sometimes may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. To comply with the accelerating global regulatory obligations, we established a regulatory governance framework and to create a repeatable system-focused approach to regulatory governance with an initial focus on four domains: Responsible AI, Privacy, Digital Safety, and Cybersecurity. The framework is designed to help us maintain customer trust and confidence in our products, remain in compliance with regulators around the globe, and effectively scale our capability to address the growing number of complex regulations. Through the framework, our legal and regulatory subject matter experts ingest regulations, develop standards and implementation guidance, and, when appropriate, work with our engineers to develop and implement products to monitor compliance. Our business teams, with legal support, manage the compliance programs and prepare external regulatory and commercial reporting, and our internal audit teams conduct reviews of our programs and processes. While we intended to create a unified approach to regulatory compliance, some of the programs and processes established pursuant to the framework are tailored to meet specific regulatory obligations, such as with the creation of independent compliance functions required by the European Union (“EU”) Digital Markets Act and the EU Digital Services Act, which oversee, monitor, and assess the company’s compliance with these acts.
For a description of the risks we face related to regulatory matters, refer to Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K).
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIV
E OFFICERS
Our executive officers as of July 30, 2024 were as follows:
Mr. Nadella was appointed Chairman of the Board in June 2021 and Chief Executive Officer in February 2014. He served as Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise from July 2013 until that time. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Nadella served as President, Server and Tools. From 2009 to 2011, he was Senior Vice President, Online Services Division. From 2008 to 2009, he was Senior Vice President, Search, Portal, and Advertising. Since joining Microsoft in 1992, Mr. Nadella’s roles also included Vice President of the Business Division.
Mr. Althoff was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer in July 2021. He served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Business from July 2017 until that time. Prior to that, Mr. Althoff served as the President of Microsoft North America. Mr. Althoff joined Microsoft in March 2013 as President of Microsoft North America. Mr. Althoff also serves on the Board of Directors of Ecolab Inc.
Ms. Hogan was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in June 2023. Ms. Hogan had been Executive Vice