need to deploy security measures and the impact of doing so.
The cost of measures to protect products and customer-facing services could reduce our operating margins. If we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services, data corruption issues, or reduced performance could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products or services. Customers may also spend more on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of additional products or services. Customers in certain industries such as financial services, health care, and government may have enhanced or specialized expectations and requirements to which we must engineer our products and services. Customers and third parties granted access to their systems may fail to update their systems, continue to run software or operating systems we no longer support, or may fail to timely install or enable security patches, or may otherwise fail to adopt adequate security practices. Any of these could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. Our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, but there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenges. At times, to achieve commercial objectives, we may enter into agreements with larger liability exposure to customers.
Our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third parties. If there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, and if there is a security exploit targeting it, we may experience adverse impacts to our results of operations, reputation, or competitive position.
53
PART II
Item 1A
Disclosure and misuse of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation.
As we continue to grow the number, breadth, and scale of our cloud-based offerings, we store and process increasingly large amounts of personal data of our customers and users. The continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. Despite our efforts to improve the security controls across our business groups and geographies, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and third parties on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure or misuse of customer or user data we or our vendors store and manage. Relatedly, despite our efforts to continuously improve security controls, it is possible that we may fail to identify or mitigate insider threat activities that could lead to the misuse of our systems or customer and user data. In addition, third parties who have limited access to our customer or