processes in areas such as data governance, privacy, and cybersecurity. It may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits from these transactions and arrangements, such as increased revenue or enhanced efficiencies, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than we expected. In addition, an acquisition may be subject to challenge even after it has been completed. For example, the Federal Trade Commission continues to challenge our Activision Blizzard acquisition and could, if successful, alter or unwind the transaction. These events could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
We acquire other companies and intangible assets and may not realize all the economic benefit from those acquisitions, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. We review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in industry segments in which we participate. We have in the past recorded, and may in the future be required to record, a significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, negatively affecting our results of operations.
22
PART I
Item 1A
CYBERSECURITY, DATA PRIVACY, AND PLATFORM ABUSE RISKS
Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position.
Security of our information technology
Threats to IT security can take a variety of forms. Individual and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored organizations or nation-states, continuously undertake attacks that pose threats to our customers and our IT, and we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in which such actors have gained unauthorized access to our IT systems and data, including customer systems and data. These actors use a wide variety of methods, which include developing and deploying malicious software; exploiting known and potential vulnerabilities or intentionally designed processes in hardware, software, or other infrastructure to attack our products and services or gain access to our networks and datacenters; using social engineering techniques to induce our employees, users, partners, or customers to disclose sensitive information, such as passwords, or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users’ or