with 8% due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight. As of March 31, 2025, our eighth transition tax installment of $4.4 billion is short-term and payable in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026.
Share Repurchases
For the nine months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we repurchased 23 million shares and 25 million shares of our common stock for $9.8 billion and $9.2 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase program. All repurchases were made using cash resources. As of March 31, 2025, $549 million remained of our $60 billion share repurchase program. Refer to Note 15 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q) for further discussion.
Dividends
For the nine months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, our Board of Directors declared dividends totaling $18.5 billion and $16.7 billion, respectively. We intend to continue returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends, subject to declaration by our Board of Directors. Refer to Note 15 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q) for further discussion.
43
PART I
Item 2
Other Planned Uses of Capital
We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings and our investments in AI infrastructure and training. We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, Microsoft Experience Centers, and certain equipment. We have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources.
RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE
Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q) for further discussion.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, legal and other contingencies,