lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets, other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
67
PART II
Item 8
We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. For certain equipment leases, such as vehicles, we account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. Additionally, for certain equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the operating lease ROU assets and liabilities.
Goodwill
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
Intangible Assets
Our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are amortized over the estimated useful life in proportion to the economic benefits received. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset may be impaired.
Related Party Transactions
In March 2024, we entered into an agreement with Inflection AI, Inc. (“Inflection”), pursuant to which we obtained a non-exclusive license to Inflection’s intellectual property. Reid Hoffman, a member of our Board of Directors, is a co-founder of and serves on the board of directors of Inflection. As of the date of the agreement with Inflection, Reprogrammed Interchange LLC (“Reprogrammed”) and entities affiliated with Greylock Ventures (“Greylock”) each held less than a
10
% equity interest in Inflection. Mr. Hoffman may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by Reprogrammed and Greylock by virtue of his relationship with such entities. Mr. Hoffman did not participate in any portions of the