for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot prices for currencies. Our Level 2 investments include commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. Our Level 2 derivative assets and liabilities include certain cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter forward, option, and swap contracts.
•
Level 3
– inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash flow models. Our Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments in corporate notes and bonds, municipal securities, and goodwill and intangible assets, when they are recorded at fair value due to an impairment charge. Unobservable inputs used in the models are significant to the fair values of the assets and liabilities.
We measure equity investments without readily determinable fair values on a nonrecurring basis. The fair values of these investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the best information available, and may include quoted market prices, market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections.
Our other current financial assets and current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values.
Contract Balances and Other Receivables
As of both March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, long-term accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, was $
4.9
billion and is included in other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
As of March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, other receivables related to activities to facilitate the purchase of server components were $
10.8
billion and $
10.5
billion, respectively, and are included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
We record financing receivables when we offer certain customers the option to acquire our software products and services offerings through a financing program in a limited number of countries. As of March 31
, 2025 and June 30, 2024, our financing receivables, net were $
2.6
billion and $
4.5
billion, respectively, for short-term and long-term financing receivables, which are included in other current assets and other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We record an