operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Our focus on cloud-based and AI services presents execution and competitive risks.
We are incurring significant costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing and AI services. These costs will reduce the operating margins. Whether we succeed in cloud-based and AI services depends on our execution in several areas, including:
•
Continuing to bring to market compelling cloud-based and AI experiences and products that generate increasing traffic and market share.
•
Maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based and AI services on the growing array of computing devices, including PCs, smartphones, tablets, gaming consoles, and other devices.
•
Continuing to enhance the attractiveness of our cloud platforms to third-party developers.
•
Ensuring our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations and specific requirements of our customers and maintain the security of their data as well as help them meet their own compliance needs.
•
Making our suite of cloud-based services platform-agnostic, available on a wide range of devices and ecosystems, including those of our competitors.
It is uncertain whether our strategies will continue to attract users or generate the revenue required to succeed. If we are not effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, or if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above. This may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
21
PART I
Item 1A
Our AI systems offer users powerful tools and capabilities. However, there may be instances where these systems are used in ways that are unintended or inappropriate. In addition, some users may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our cloud-based services, such as unauthorized account access, payment fraud, or terms of service violations including cryptocurrency mining or launching cyberattacks. While are committed to detecting and controlling such misuse of our cloud-based and AI services, our efforts may not be effective, and we may incur reputational damage or experience adverse impacts to our business and results of operations.
RISKS RELATING TO THE EVOLUTION OF OUR BUSINESS
We make significant investments in products and services that may not achieve expected returns.
We will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies. In addition, we are focused on developing new AI platform services and incorporating AI into existing products and services.
We also invest in the development and acquisition of a variety of hardware for productivity,