detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected.
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our assessment of, and conclusion on, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Activision Blizzard, Inc., acquired on October 13, 2023, which is included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition and represented less than 1% of our total assets as of June 30, 2024 after excluding goodwill and intangible assets acquired, and 2% of our total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2024. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024; their report is included in Item 9A.
98
PART II
Item 9A
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST
ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by COSO.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024, of the Company and our report dated July 30, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.
As described in the Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Activision Blizzard, Inc., which was acquired on October 13, 2023, and whose financial statements constitute less than 1 percent of total assets as of June 30, 2024 after excluding goodwill and intangible assets acquired, and 2 percent of total revenues for