Consumer subscriptions. Office Consumer Services revenue is mainly affected by the demand for communication and storage through Skype, Outlook.com, and OneDrive, which is largely driven by subscriptions, advertising, and the sale of minutes.
LinkedIn
LinkedIn connects the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful and transforms the way companies hire, market, sell, and learn. Our vision is to create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce through the ongoing development of the world’s first Economic Graph, a digital representation of the global economy. In addition to LinkedIn’s free services, LinkedIn offers monetized solutions designed to offer AI-enabled insights and productivity: Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. Talent Solutions provide insights for workforce planning and tools to hire, nurture, and develop talent. Talent Solutions also includes Learning Solutions, which help businesses close critical skills gaps in times where companies are having to do more with existing talent. Marketing Solutions help companies reach, engage, and convert their audiences at scale. Premium Subscriptions enable professionals to manage their professional identity, grow their network, find jobs, access knowledge, and connect with talent through additional services like premium search. Sales Solutions help companies strengthen customer relationships, empower teams with digital selling tools, and acquire new opportunities. Growth will depend on our ability to increase the number of LinkedIn members and our ability to continue offering insight and AI-enabled services that provide value for our members and increase their engagement. LinkedIn revenue is mainly affected by demand from enterprises and professionals for subscriptions to Talent Solutions, Sales Solutions, and Premium Subscriptions offerings, as well as member engagement and the quality of the sponsored content delivered to those members to drive Marketing Solutions.
Dynamics
Dynamics provides cloud-based and on-premises business solutions for financial management, enterprise resource planning (“ERP”), customer relationship management (“CRM”), and supply chain management, as well as other low code application development platforms and AI offerings, for small and medium businesses, large organizations, and divisions of global enterprises. Dynamics revenue is driven by the number of users licensed and applications consumed, expansion of average revenue per user, and the continued shift to Dynamics 365, a unified set of cloud-based intelligent business applications, including our low code development platforms, such as Power Apps and Power Automate.
9
PART I
Item 1
Competition
Competitors to Office include software and global application vendors, such as Apple, Cisco Systems, Google, Meta, Proofpoint, Slack, Symantec, Zoom, and numerous web-based and mobile application competitors as well as local application