administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees.
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended March 31, 2024
General and administrative expenses decreased $175 million or 9% primarily driven by Gaming.
Nine Months Ended March 31, 2025 Compared with Nine Months Ended March 31, 2024
General and administrative expenses decreased $130 million or 2% primarily driven by Gaming, offset in part by investments in corporate functions.
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET
The components of other income (expense), net were as follows:
We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, interest rates, equity prices, and credit; to enhance investment returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended March 31, 2024
Interest and dividends income decreased primarily due to lower portfolio balances. Interest expense decreased primarily due to maturities of commercial paper, offset in part by higher finance lease interest expense. Net recognized gains on investments increased primarily due to higher gains on equity investments in the current period. Net gains on derivatives increased primarily due to gains on equity derivatives in the current period as compared to losses in the prior period. Other, net primarily reflects net recognized losses on equity method investments, including OpenAI.
40
PART I
Item 2
Nine Months Ended March 31, 2025 Compared with Nine Months Ended March 31, 2024
Interest and dividends income decreased primarily due to lower portfolio balances. Interest expense decreased primarily due to maturities of commercial paper, offset in part by higher finance lease interest expense. Net recognized losses on investments increased primarily due to higher impairments, offset in part by higher gains on equity investments in the current period. Net losses on derivatives increased primarily due to higher losses on equity derivatives in the current period. Other, net primarily reflects net recognized losses on equity method investments, including OpenAI.
INCOME TAXES
Effective Tax Rate
Our effective tax rate was 18% for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and 18% for both the nine months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was primarily impacted by changes in the mix of our earnings and tax expenses between the U.S. and foreign countries. Our effective tax rate for the nine months ended March 31, 2025 was primarily impacted by tax benefits from tax law changes in the prior fiscal year, including the delay of the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations, and changes in the mix of our earnings and tax expenses between the U.S. and foreign countries.
Our effective tax