and attacks, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, and reputation, or expose us to legal or regulatory risk.
Inadequate account security or organizational security practices, including those of companies we have acquired or those of the third parties we utilize, have resulted and may result in unauthorized access to our systems and data, including customer systems and data. For example, system administrators may fail to timely remove employee account access when no longer appropriate. Employees or third parties may intentionally compromise our or our users’ security or systems or reveal confidential information, and laws in foreign jurisdictions may compel actions by such parties against our interests and could limit our recourse. Malicious actors may employ the supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised supplier accounts or hardware.
51
PART II
Item 1A
Cyberthreats are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Threat actors may also utilize emerging technologies, such as AI and machine learning. Our current capabilities may not detect certain vulnerabilities or new attack methods, which may allow them to persist in the environment over long periods of time. It may be difficult to determine the best way to investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate the harm caused by a cyber incident. Such efforts may not be successful, and we may make errors or fail to take necessary actions. It is possible that threat actors may gain undetected access to other networks and systems after establishing a foothold on an internal system. Cyber incidents and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems, as well as those of our partners and customers. In addition, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. As a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security can disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, subject us to ransomware attacks, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies or remediate the impacts of attacks, or otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, actions taken to remediate an incident could result in outages, data losses, and disruptions of our services.
Our internal environment