operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RISKS
We face risks related to the protection and utilization of our intellectual property that may result in our business and operating results being harmed.
Protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of our software, source code, and other intellectual property on a global basis is difficult. Similarly, the absence of harmonized patent laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent rights.
Changes in the law may continue to weaken our ability to prevent the use of patented technology. Our increasing engagement with open source software will also cause us to license our intellectual property rights broadly in certain situations. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
Source code, the detailed program commands for our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. If our source code leaks, we might lose future trade secret protection for that code. It may then become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Unauthorized access to or disclosure of source code or other intellectual property also could increase the security risks described elsewhere in these risk factors.
Third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property.
From time to time, others claim we infringe their intellectual property rights, including current copyright infringement and other claims arising from AI training and output. To resolve these claims, we may enter into royalty-bearing data access or licensing agreements on terms that are less favorable than currently available, stop selling or redesign affected products or services, or pay damages to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers. Adverse outcomes could also include monetary damages or injunctive relief that may limit or prevent importing, marketing, and selling our products or services that have infringing technologies. We have paid significant amounts to settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights and to procure intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk, and may continue to do so, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
31
PART I
Item 1A
GENERAL RISKS
If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and results of operations may be harmed
. Our reputation and brands are globally recognized and are important to our business. Our reputation and brands affect our ability to attract and retain consumer, business, and public-sector customers. There are numerous ways our reputation or brands could be damaged. These include product safety or quality issues, our environmental impact and sustainability, supply chain practices, or human rights record. We may experience