customers’ data; or acting in a coordinated manner or conducting coordinated attacks. For example, as previously disclosed in our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2024 and amended on March 8, 2024, beginning in late November 2023, a nation-state associated threat actor used a password spray attack to compromise a legacy test account and, in turn, gain access to Microsoft email accounts. The threat actor used and may continue to use information it obtained to gain, or attempt to gain, unauthorized access to some of our source code repositories and internal systems, and the threat actor may utilize this information to otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. This incident has and may continue to result in harm to our reputation and customer relationships. Additionally, we may discover additional impacts of this or other incidents as part of our ongoing examination of this incident. Nation-state and state-sponsored actors can sustain malicious activities for extended periods and deploy significant resources to plan and carry out attacks. Nation-state attacks against us, our customers, or our partners have and may continue to intensify during periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict, such as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Cyber incidents and attacks, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, and reputation, or expose us to legal or regulatory risk.
Inadequate account security or organizational security practices, including those of companies we have acquired or those of the third parties we utilize, have resulted and may result in unauthorized access to our IT systems and data, including customer systems and data, in the future. For example, system administrators may fail to timely remove employee account access when no longer appropriate. Employees or third parties may intentionally compromise our or our users’ security or systems or reveal confidential information. Malicious actors may employ the IT supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised supplier accounts or hardware.
Cyberthreats are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Threat actors may also utilize emerging technologies, such as AI and machine learning. We may have no current capability to detect certain vulnerabilities or new attack methods, which may allow them to persist in the environment over long periods of time. It may be difficult to determine the best way to investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate the harm caused by a cyber incident. Such efforts may not be successful, and we may make errors or fail to take necessary actions. It is possible that threat actors may gain undetected access to other networks and systems after establishing a foothold on an internal system. Cyber