continues to evolve. Often, we are early adopters of new devices and technologies. We embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. Increasing use of generative AI models in our internal systems may create new attack surfaces or methods for adversaries. Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge or the emerging cybersecurity regulations in jurisdictions worldwide.
Security of our products, services, devices, and customers’ data
The security of our products and services is important in our customers’ decisions to purchase or use our products or services across cloud and on-premises environments. Security threats are a significant challenge to companies like us, whose business is providing technology products and services to others. Threats to or attacks on our own infrastructure, such as the nation-state attack described in the prior risk factor, have also affected our customers and may do so in the future. Customers using our cloud-based services rely on the security of our infrastructure, including hardware and other elements provided by third parties, to ensure the reliability of our services and the protection of their data. Adversaries tend to focus their efforts on the most popular operating systems, programs, and services, including many of ours, as well as customers with sensitive data, and we expect that to continue. In addition, adversaries can attack our customers’ on-premises or cloud environments, sometimes exploiting previously unknown (“zero-day”) vulnerabilities, such as the attack in early calendar year 2021 with several of our Exchange Server on-premises products. Vulnerabilities in these or any product can persist even after we have issued security patches if customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching to install additional malware to further compromise customers’ systems. Adversaries will continue to attack customers using our cloud services as customers embrace digital transformation. Adversaries that acquire user account information can use that information to compromise our users’ accounts, including where accounts share the same attributes such as passwords. Inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized access, and user activity may result in ransomware or other malicious software impacting a customer’s use of our products or services. There may be vulnerabilities in open source software that may make our products susceptible to cyberattacks as we increasingly incorporate open source software into our products. Additionally, features that rely on generative AI may be susceptible to unanticipated security threats from adversaries as we add new generative AI features to our services while continuously developing our understanding of