competing platforms developed for new devices and form factors such as smartphones and tablets. These devices compete on multiple bases including price and the perceived utility of the device and its platform. Users continue to turn to these devices to perform functions that in the past were performed by PCs. Even if many users view these devices as complementary to a PC, the prevalence of these devices may make it more difficult to attract application developers to our PC operating system platforms. Competing with operating systems licensed at low or no cost may decrease our PC operating system margins. Popular products or services offered on competing platforms could increase their competitive strength. In addition, some of our devices compete with products made by our OEM partners, which may affect their commitment to our platform.
48
PART II
Item 1A
•
Competing platforms have content and application marketplaces with scale and significant installed bases. The variety and utility of content and applications available on a platform are important to device purchasing decisions. Users may incur costs to move data and buy new content and applications when switching platforms. To compete, we must successfully enlist developers to write applications for our platform and ensure that these applications have high quality, security, customer appeal, and value. Efforts to compete with competitors’ content and application marketplaces may increase our cost of revenue and lower our operating margins. Competitors’ rules governing their content and applications marketplaces may restrict our ability to distribute products and services through them in accordance with our technical and business model objectives.
For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
Business model competition
Companies compete with us based on a growing variety of business models.
•
A material part of our business involves cloud-based services available across the spectrum of computing devices. Our competitors continue to develop and deploy cloud-based services for consumers and business customers, and pricing and delivery models are evolving. We and our competitors are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies.
•
We are investing in artificial intelligence (“AI”) across the entire company and infusing generative AI capabilities into our consumer and commercial offerings. AI technology and services are a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market, and new competitors continue to enter the market. We will bear significant development and operational costs to build and support the AI models, services, platforms, and infrastructure necessary to meet the needs of our customers. To compete effectively we must also be responsive to technological change, new and potential regulatory