fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate.
Cash Flows
Cash from operations increased $12.2 billion to $93.5 billion for the nine months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to an increase in cash received from customers, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to suppliers and employees and cash used to pay income taxes. Cash used in financing increased $26.7 billion to $40.9 billion for the nine months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to $9.0 billion in cash used for repayments of debt, net of proceeds in the current period compared to $14.6 billion in proceeds from the issuance of debt, net of repayments in the prior period. Cash used in investing decreased $40.1 billion to $42.0 billion for the nine months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to a $63.6 billion decrease in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired and divestitures, and purchases of intangible and other assets, offset in part by a $16.9 billion increase in additions to property and equipment and a $7.2 billion decrease in cash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities.
42
PART I
Item 2
Debt Proceeds
We issue debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating. The proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. Refer to Note 10 – Debt of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q) for further discussion.
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include Software Assurance (“SA”) and cloud services. Unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Unearned revenue also includes payments for other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service.
The following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of March 31, 2025:
If our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable. Refer to Note 12 – Unearned Revenue of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q) for further discussion.
Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations
Income Taxes
As a result of the TCJA, we are required to pay a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject to U.S. income tax. Under the TCJA, the transition tax is payable in interest-free installments over eight years,