million, respectively, as of June 30, 2024.
The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives instruments on a gross basis:
17
PART I
Item 1
Gains (losses) on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expense), net were as follows:
Gains (losses), net of tax, on derivative instruments recognized in our consolidated comprehensive income statements were as follows:
NOTE 6 — INVENTORIES
The components of inventories were as follows:
NOTE 7
—
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
Activision Blizzard, Inc.
On
October 13, 2023
, we completed our acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“Activision Blizzard”) for a total purchase price of $
75.4
billion, consisting primarily of cash. Activision Blizzard is a leader in game development and an interactive entertainment content publisher. The acquisition will accelerate the growth in our gaming business across mobile, PC, console, and cloud gaming. The financial results of Activision Blizzard have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Activision Blizzard is reported as part of our More Personal Computing segment.
18
PART I
Item 1
The allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was completed as of September 30, 2024.
The major classes of assets and liabilities to which we have allocated the purchase price were as follows:
Goodwill was assigned to our More Personal Computing segment. The goodwill was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of Activision Blizzard. Substantially all of the goodwill is expected to be non-deductible for income tax purposes.
Following are the details of the purchase price allocated to the intangible assets acquired:
Following are the supplemental consolidated financial results of Microsoft Corporation on an unaudited pro forma basis, as if the acquisition had been consummated on July 1, 2022:
These pro forma results were based on estimates and assumptions, which we believe are reasonable. They are not the results that would have been realized had we been a combined company during the periods presented and are not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations in future periods. The pro forma results include adjustments related to purchase accounting, primarily amortization of intangible assets. Acquisition costs and other nonrecurring charges were immaterial and are included in the earliest period presented.
NOTE 8
— GOODWILL
Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:
We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business. Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies for further information.
19
PART I
Item 1
The measurement periods for the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed end as soon as information on the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition dates becomes available, but do not exceed 12 months.