assistance to streamline business processes. Copilot Studio allows customers to customize Copilot for Microsoft 365 or build their own Copilot. Microsoft Power Platform helps domain experts drive productivity gains with low-code/no-code tools, robotic process automation, virtual agents, and business intelligence. Copilot Pro is a consumer subscription service that offers faster and more powerful AI assistance in Microsoft 365 apps and on the web. LinkedIn combines our unique data with this new generation of AI to transform the way professionals learn, sell, market, and get hired.
Build the Intelligent Cloud and Intelligent Edge
Platform
Digital transformation and adoption of AI continues to revolutionize more business workstreams for organizations in every sector across the globe. For enterprises, digital technology empowers employees, optimizes operations, engages customers, and in some cases, changes the very core of products and services. We continue to invest in high performance and sustainable computing to meet the growing demand for fast access to Microsoft services provided by our network of cloud computing and AI infrastructure and datacenters.
Our cloud business benefits from three economies of scale: datacenters that deploy computational resources at significantly lower cost per unit than smaller ones; datacenters that coordinate and aggregate diverse customer, geographic, and application demand patterns, improving the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; and multi-tenancy locations that lower application maintenance labor costs.
The Microsoft Cloud provides the best integration across the technology stack while offering openness, improving time to value, reducing costs, and increasing agility. As the foundation of the Microsoft Cloud, Azure uniquely offers hybrid consistency, developer productivity, data and AI capabilities, and trusted security and compliance.
We offer supercomputing power for AI at scale to run large workloads, complemented by our rapidly expanding portfolio of AI cloud services and hardware, which includes custom-built silicon and strong partnerships with chip manufacturers. We have introduced purpose-built cloud infrastructure for AI workloads including a custom AI accelerator, Azure Maia, and a custom in-house central processing unit, Azure Cobalt.
4
PART I
Item 1
Our AI platform, Azure AI, is helping organizations transform, bringing intelligence and insights to the hands of their employees and customers to solve their most pressing challenges. We offer a wide selection of industry-leading frontier and open models, including from partners, as well as state-of-the-art tooling, and AI-optimized infrastructure, delivering the Copilot stack for Microsoft, enterprises, and developers. Organizations large and small are deploying Azure AI solutions to achieve more at scale, more easily, with the proper enterprise-level responsible AI and safety and security protections. Azure AI Studio provides a