backlash from customers, government entities, advocacy groups, employees, and other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions, public policy positions, or corporate philanthropic initiatives. Damage to our reputation or our brands may occur from, among other things:
•
The introduction of new features, products, services, or terms of service that customers, users, or partners do not like.
•
Public scrutiny of our decisions regarding user privacy, data practices, content, or development and deployment of AI.
•
Data security breaches, cybersecurity incidents, responsible AI failures, compliance failures, or actions of partners or individual employees.
Social media may increase the likelihood, speed, and magnitude of negative brand events. If our brands or reputation are damaged, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or ability to attract the most highly qualified employees.
Adverse economic or market conditions may harm our business.
Worsening economic conditions, including inflation, recession, pandemic, or other changes in economic conditions, may cause lower IT spending and adversely affect our results of operations. If demand for PCs, servers, and other computing devices declines, or consumer or business spending for those products declines, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
Our product distribution system relies on an extensive partner and retail network. OEMs building devices that run our software have also been a significant means of distribution. The impact of economic conditions on our partners, such as the bankruptcy of a major distributor, OEM, or retailer, could cause sales channel disruption.
Challenging economic conditions also may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have purchased. As a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase.
We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by market downturns or events that affect global financial markets. A significant part of our investment portfolio comprises U.S. government securities. If global financial markets decline for long periods, or if there is a downgrade of the U.S. government credit rating due to an actual or threatened default on government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced a decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions may disrupt our business.
A disruption or failure of our systems, operations, or supply chain because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, terrorist attack, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales,