Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. The segment amounts included in MD&A are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting.
33
PART I
Item 2
In August 2024, we announced changes to the composition of our segments. These changes align our segments with how we currently manage our business, most notably bringing the commercial components of Microsoft 365 together in the Productivity and Business Processes segment. Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the information that our chief operating decision maker is regularly provided and reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance reflects these segment changes. Prior period segment information has been recast to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business during fiscal year 2025.
Additional information on our reportable segments is contained in Note 17 – Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q).
Metrics
We use metrics in assessing the performance of our business and to make informed decisions regarding the allocation of resources. We disclose metrics to enable investors to evaluate progress against our ambitions, provide transparency into performance trends, and reflect the continued evolution of our products and services. Our commercial and other business metrics are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. The metrics are disclosed in the MD&A or the Notes to Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q). Financial metrics are calculated based on financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), and growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period of last fiscal year.
In the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, we made updates to our metrics in connection with the segment changes described above. These changes align our metrics with how we manage and monitor certain businesses. The key change was bringing the commercial components of Microsoft 365 together and creating a new Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud revenue growth metric. Other changes include combining Windows OEM and Devices into a single revenue growth metric that brings revenue from PC market-driven businesses together, as well as elevating our cloud revenue growth metrics to align to our strategic focus on cloud growth.
Commercial
Our commercial business primarily consists of Server products and cloud services, Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Enterprise and partner services, and Dynamics products and cloud services. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance.
34
PART I
Item 2
Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud
Metrics related to our