generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above. This may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our AI systems offer users powerful tools and capabilities. However, there may be instances where these systems are used in ways that are unintended or inappropriate. In addition, some users may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our cloud-based and AI services, such as unauthorized account access, payment fraud, or terms of service violations including cryptocurrency mining or launching cyberattacks. While we are committed to detecting and controlling such misuse of our cloud-based and AI services, our efforts may not be effective, and we may incur reputational damage or experience adverse impacts to our business and results of operations.
RISKS RELATING TO THE EVOLUTION OF OUR BUSINESS
We make significant investments in products and services that may not achieve expected returns.
We will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies. In addition, we are focused on developing new AI platform services and incorporating AI into existing products and services. We also invest in the development and acquisition of a variety of hardware for productivity, communication, and entertainment, including PCs, tablets, and gaming devices. Investments in new technology are speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including innovation, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. If customers do not perceive our latest offerings as providing significant new functionality or other value, they may reduce their purchases of new software and hardware products or upgrades, unfavorably affecting revenue. We may not achieve significant revenue from new product, service, and distribution channel investments for several years, if at all. New products and services may not be profitable or may not achieve operating margins as high as we have experienced historically. We may not get engagement in certain features that drive post-sale monetization opportunities. Our data-handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny. Perceptions of mismanagement, driven by regulatory activity or negative public reaction to our practices or product experiences, could negatively impact product and feature adoption. Developing new technologies is complex. It can require long development and testing periods. We could experience significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services. These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business.
We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering