detailed program commands for our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. If our source code leaks, we might lose future trade secret protection for that code. It may then become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Unauthorized access to or disclosure of source code or other intellectual property also increases the security risks described elsewhere in these risk factors.
Third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property.
From time to time, others claim we infringe their intellectual property rights, including current copyright infringement and other claims arising from AI training and output. To resolve these claims, we may enter into royalty-bearing data access or licensing agreements on terms that are less favorable than currently available, stop selling or redesign affected products or services, or pay damages to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers. Adverse outcomes could also include monetary damages or injunctive relief that may limit or prevent importing, marketing, and selling our products or services that have infringing technologies. We have paid significant amounts to settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights and to procure intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk, and may continue to do so, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
60
PART II
Item 1A
GENERAL RISKS
If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and results of operations may be harmed
. Our reputation and brands are globally recognized and are important to our business. Our reputation and brands affect our ability to attract and retain consumer, business, and public-sector customers. There are numerous ways our reputation or brands could be damaged. These include product safety or quality issues, our environmental impact and sustainability, supply chain practices, or human rights record. We may experience backlash from customers, government entities, advocacy groups, employees, and other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions, public policy positions, or corporate philanthropic initiatives. Damage to our reputation or our brands may occur from, among other things:
•
The introduction of new features, products, services, or terms of service that customers, users, or partners do not like.
•
Public scrutiny of our decisions regarding user privacy, data practices, content, or development and deployment of AI.
•
Data security breaches, cybersecurity incidents, responsible AI failures, compliance failures, or actions of partners or individual employees.
Social media may increase the likelihood, speed, and magnitude of negative brand events. If our brands or reputation are damaged, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or ability to attract the most highly qualified