meetings of our Board of Directors or any committee thereof to review and approve the transaction with Inflection.
Recent Accounting Guidance
Segment Reporting – Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued a new standard to improve reportable segment disclosures. The guidance expands the disclosures required for reportable segments in our annual and interim consolidated financial statements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2025 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our segment disclosures.
Income Taxes – Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued a new standard to improve income tax disclosures. The guidance requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standardized categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2026, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our income tax disclosures.
NOTE 2 — EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock options and stock awards.
68
PART II
Item 8
The components of basic and diluted EPS were as follows:
Anti-dilutive stock-based awards excluded from the calculations of diluted EPS were immaterial during the periods presented.
NOTE 3 — OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET
The components of other income (expense), net were as follows:
Other, net primarily reflects net recognized losses on equity method investments.
Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments
Net recognized gains (losses) on debt investments were as follows:
Net recognized gains (losses) on equity investments were as follows:
69
PART II
Item 8
NOTE 4 — INVESTMENTS
Investment Components
The components of investments were as follows:
70
PART II
Item 8
(a)
Refer to Note 5 – Derivatives for further information on the fair value of our derivative instruments.
Equity investments presented as “Other” in the tables above include investments without readily determinable fair values measured using the equity method or measured at cost with adjustments for observable changes in price or impairments, and investments measured at fair value using net asset value as a practical expedient which are not categorized in the fair value hierarchy. As of June