likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
47
PART II
Item 1, 1A
PART II. OTHER
INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS
Refer to Note 14 – Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q) for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved.
ITEM 1A. RI
SK FACTORS
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and the trading price of our common stock.
STRATEGIC AND COMPETITIVE RISKS
We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
Competition in the technology sector
Our competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant research and development resources to small, specialized firms whose narrower product lines may let them be more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. Barriers to entry in many of our businesses are low and many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with changing and disruptive technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers, we may not remain competitive, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Competition among platform-based ecosystems
An important element of our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems on which many participants can build diverse solutions. A well-established ecosystem creates beneficial network effects among users, application developers, and the platform provider that can accelerate growth. Establishing significant scale in the marketplace is necessary to achieve and maintain attractive margins. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms.
•
A competing vertically-integrated model, in which a single firm controls the hardware and software elements of a product and related services, has succeeded with some consumer products such as PCs, tablets, smartphones, gaming consoles, wearables, and other endpoint devices. Competitors pursuing this model also earn revenue from services integrated with the hardware and software platform, including applications and content sold through their integrated marketplaces. They may also be able to claim security and performance benefits from their vertically-integrated offer. We also offer some vertically-integrated hardware and software products and services. Shifting a portion of our business to a vertically-integrated model may increase our cost of revenue and reduce our operating margins.
•
We derive substantial revenue from licenses of Windows operating systems on PCs. We face significant competition from