achievement of a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) performance goal over a three-year performance period with the number of performance stock units granted representing the number of performance stock units that would vest based on target performance. As more fully specified in the applicable grant agreements, the number of performance stock units that will vest will be based on the percentile ranking of the Company’s TSR over the three-year performance period as compared to the TSR of the members of the Nasdaq Composite Index over the same period (the “TSR Goal”), with the payout factor ranging from
0
% to
200
% of the number of performance stock units granted. The performance stock units, to the extent vested, will vest on the date the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors certifies the level of achievement of the TSR Goal.
Vesting of the performance stock units is also generally subject to the provision of service through the vesting date of the award (unless accelerated in connection with a termination following a change in control event as set forth in the applicable performance stock unit agreement or otherwise in accordance with provisions of the 2023 Equity Plan or applicable performance stock unit agreement).
The TSR Goal is considered a “market condition” under ASC 718,
Compensation—Stock Compensation
. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the grant date fair value of performance awards with a market condition. The Monte Carlo simulation takes into consideration the assumptions noted below, in addition to the probability that the market condition will be achieved based on predicted stock price paths compared to peer companies in the Nasdaq Composite Index. The Company did not grant any performance awards prior to 2023.
The weighted average grant date fair value of performance stock units using the Monte-Carlo simulation model was $
313.86
and $
48.62
for each performance stock unit granted during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, based on the following assumptions:
Since the Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur, as long as the performance stock unit recipient provides service to the Company during the requisite service period, share-based compensation expense associated with the grant date fair value of the performance stock units is recognized ratably over the performance period, regardless of the Company’s actual level of achievement against the TSR Goal.
As of December 31,
2024, there were
306,939
performance stock units outstanding under the 2023 Equity Plan. The following table summarizes the Company’s performance stock unit activity (in thousands) for the period indicated:
No
performance stock units vested during the years ended December 31,
2024 or 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized approximately $
8.4
mil
lion and $
2.3
million, respectively, in share-based compensation expense from performance stock