or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We consider certain estimates and judgments related to revenue recognition to be critical accounting estimates for us, as discussed further below.
Revenue Recognition
See Note 2(n), Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Revenue Recognition, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our significant accounting policies over revenue recognition.
Many of our contracts with customers include multiple performance obligations, and we make estimates and judgments to allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on an observable or estimated standalone selling price (“SSP”). The SSP is the price, or estimated price, of the software or service when sold on a standalone basis at contract inception. We consider our evaluation of SSP to be a critical accounting estimate.
An observable price of a good or service sold separately provides the best evidence of SSP.  However, in many situations, SSP will not be readily observable, but must still be estimated using reasonably available information.  We have observable standalone selling prices of our product support, consulting services, and education services, and therefore use historical transaction data on a standalone basis, along with our judgment, to establish SSP ranges for each of these services, as described in Note 2(n). However, SSP is not directly observable for product licenses (product licenses are not sold on a standalone basis and pricing is highly variable) and subscription services (the selling price of subscription services is highly variable), and we use a residual approach to establish SSP for these revenue streams. As such, the establishment of SSP of our product support, consulting services, and education services directly impacts the amount of product licenses and subscription services revenues recognized, and therefore also impacts the overall timing of revenue recognition.
We review and analyze the SSP ranges we have established for product support, consulting services, and education services semi-annually, and these SSP ranges do not change significantly year to year.
We also perform analyses on at least an annual basis using historical pricing data for both product license and subscription services transactions to assess whether the selling price is highly variable
51
in order to support our conclusion that the residual method to estimate SSP of our product licenses and subscription services continues to be a fair allocation of the transaction price.
In the future, SSP for our software and services could be impacted by various factors, including potential changes in our pricing practices, customer demand for our products and services, and various market or economic conditions. However, we consider the risk of significant volatility in our established SSP to be small given our historical transaction experience and internal processes