reserve asset. By using proceeds from equity and debt financings, as well as cash flows from our operations, we strategically accumulate Bitcoin and advocate for its role as digital capital. Our treasury strategy is designed to provide investors varying degrees of economic exposure to Bitcoin by offering a range of securities, including equity and fixed income instruments.
In addition, we provide industry-leading AI-powered enterprise analytics software, advancing our vision of Intelligence Everywhere. We leverage our development capabilities to explore innovation in Bitcoin applications, integrating analytics expertise with our commitment to digital asset growth. We believe our combination of operational excellence, strategic Bitcoin reserve, and focus on technological innovation positions us as a leader in both the digital asset and enterprise analytics sectors, offering a unique opportunity for long-term value creation.
Our Bitcoin Strategy
Our bitcoin strategy generally involves from time to time, subject to market conditions, (i) issuing debt or equity securities or engaging in other capital raising transactions with the objective of using the proceeds to purchase bitcoin and (ii) acquiring bitcoin with our liquid assets that exceed working capital requirements. We intend to fund further bitcoin acquisitions primarily through issuances of common stock and a variety of fixed-income instruments, including debt, convertible notes and preferred stock.
We view our bitcoin holdings as long-term holdings and expect to continue to accumulate bitcoin. We have not set any specific target for the amount of bitcoin we seek to hold, and we will continue to monitor market conditions in determining whether to engage in additional financings to purchase additional bitcoin. This overall strategy also contemplates that we may (i) periodically sell bitcoin for general corporate purposes or in connection with strategies that generate tax benefits in accordance with applicable law, (ii) enter into additional capital raising transactions that are collateralized by our bitcoin holdings, and (iii) consider pursuing strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings.
Additionally, we periodically engage in advocacy and educational activities regarding the continued acceptance and value of Bitcoin as an open, secure protocol for an internet-native digital capital asset, and we leverage our software development capabilities to explore innovation in Bitcoin applications.
Under our Treasury Reserve Policy, our treasury reserve assets consist of:
•
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments (“Cash Assets”) held by us that exceed working capital requirements; and
47
•
bitcoin held
by
us, with bitcoin serving as the primary treasury reserve asset on an ongoing basis, subject to market conditions and anticipated needs of the business for Cash Assets.
During 2023 and 2024, we used proceeds from various capital raising