pioneer in AI-powered business intelligence (BI), and a global leader in enterprise analytics solutions. We provide software and services designed to turn complex, chaotic data environments into rich, reliable, and convenient information feeds for our customers. Our vision is to drive growth and competitive advantage for our customers by delivering Intelligence Everywhere™.
Our cloud-native flagship, Strategy One™, powers some of the largest analytics deployments in the world for customers spanning a wide range of industries, including retail, banking, technology, manufacturing, insurance, consulting, healthcare, telecommunications, and the public sector.
Integral to the Strategy One platform are Generative AI capabilities that are designed to automate and accelerate the deployment of AI-enabled applications across the enterprise. By making advanced analytics accessible through conversational AI,  Strategy One provides non-technical users with timely, actionable insights for decision-making.
The analytics market is highly competitive and subject to rapidly changing technology and market conditions.  Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors within and outside of our control.  Some of these factors include software quality, performance and reliability; the quality of our service and support teams; marketing and prospecting effectiveness, the ability to incorporate artificial intelligence and other technically advanced features; and our ability to differentiate our products.
As we transition our business strategy and product offerings to a cloud-native model, we are continuously enhancing our go-to-market and sales strategies with the goal of focusing on acquiring new customers, driving revenue growth, increasing margins, and streamlining
49
our operations. As part of this strategic transformation, we have taken and will continue to take certain measures to optimize operational and organizational efficiency across all of our corporate functions.
Operating Highlights
The following table sets forth certain operating highlights (in thousands) for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:
We have incurred significant impairment losses on our digital assets, and we have recognized gains upon sale of our digital assets, which have been presented net of any impairment losses within operating expenses. However, the accounting for our digital assets will change upon our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025. See Note 3, Recent Accounting Standards, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. As a result, fluctuations in the price of bitcoin and fair value changes associated therewith will have a significant impact on our future operating results.
In addition, we base our operating expense budgets on expected revenue trends and strategic objectives. Many of our expenses, such as interest expense on debt, declared dividends on our preferred stock, tax liabilities, office leases and certain personnel costs,