operations. Such integration and use of AI may become more important in our product offerings and operations over time. These AI-related initiatives, whether successful or not, could cause us to incur substantial costs and could result in delays in our software release cadence. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products or operations more quickly or more successfully than we do, which could impair our ability to compete effectively. Additionally, AI algorithms may be flawed and datasets underlying AI algorithms may be insufficient or contain biased information. If the AI tools integrated into our products or that we use in our operations produce analyses or recommendations that are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
Other companies have experienced cybersecurity incidents that implicate confidential and proprietary company data and/or the personal data of end users of AI applications integrated into their software offerings or used in their operations. If we were to experience a cybersecurity incident, whether related to the integration of AI capabilities into our product offerings or our use of AI applications in our operations, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.  AI also presents various emerging legal, regulatory and ethical issues, and the incorporation of AI into our product offerings and our use of AI applications in our operations could require us to expend significant resources in developing, testing and maintaining our product offerings and may cause us to experience brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or incur legal liability. On October 30, 2023, the Biden administration issued an Executive Order to, among other things, establish extensive new standards for AI safety and security. Additionally, in March 2024, the European Commission passed the Artificial Intelligence Act. Other jurisdictions, including certain U.S. states, have adopted or may decide to
28
adopt similar or more restrictive legislation that may render the use of such technologies challenging. These restrictions may make it harder for us to conduct our business using AI, lead to regulatory fines or penalties, require us to change our product offerings or business practices, or prevent or limit our use of AI.
Risks Related to Our Technology and Intellectual Property
Third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual property rights
We periodically receive notices from third parties claiming we are infringing their intellectual property rights. The frequency of such claims may increase as we expand our offerings and branding, the number of offerings and level of competition in our industry grow, the functionality of offerings overlaps, and the volume of issued patents, patent applications, and copyright and trademark registrations continues to increase. Responding to any