function, one-time corporate initiatives, and certain expenses that are not easily allocable to specific functions. Other segment items for the Corporate & Other category are primarily related to third-party consulting and advisory fees.
(3)
Interest expense, net is substantially related to interest expense on the Company’s long-term debt arrangements, the proceeds from which were primarily used to purchase bitcoin. All of the Company’s interest income and expense are presented in the Corporate & Other category.
(4)
Income tax effects allocated to the Corporate & Other category are related solely to transactions involving the Company’s bitcoin or debt, including digital asset impairment, interest expense, gains and losses on debt extinguishments, and other third-party expenses.
(5)
Segment assets allocated to the Corporate & Other category are the Company’s digital assets and deferred tax assets related primarily to digital asset impairment losses and interest expense.
Depreciation and amortization are included in net income (loss), but are not regularly reported to the CODM, except for the amortization of debt issuance costs, which is included as interest expense under the Corporate & Other category. All remaining depreciation and amortization is related to the Software Business, and separately presented in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Significant non-cash items include digital asset impairment, share-based compensation, and gains and losses on debt extinguishments and are presented in the table above and in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and/or Statements of Cash Flows. The Company does not regularly report capital expenditures on long-lived assets to the CODM.
The following table presents total revenues and long-lived assets (in thousands) according to geographic region. Long-lived assets are comprised of right-of-use assets and property and equipment, net.
The EMEA region includes operations in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.  The other regions include all other foreign countries, generally comprising Latin America, the Asia Pacific region, and Canada.  For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
,
no
individual foreign country accounted for 10% or more of total consolidated revenues.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
,
no
individual customer accounted for 10% or more of total consolidated revenues.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023
,
no
individual foreign country accounted for 10% or more of total consolidated assets.
(17) Related Party Transactions
Saylor Indemnification Agreements
114
In June 2021, Michael J. Saylor, the Company’s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Chairman and, at that time, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, entered into an indemnification agreement (the “Original Agreement”) with the Company for an initial term of
90
days and subject to successive 90-day term extensions at the election of the Company, all of such term