during the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
, respectively.
111
(16) Segment Information
The Company has
one
reportable operating segment, the “Software Business,” which is engaged in the design, development, marketing, and sales of the Company’s enterprise analytics software platform through cloud subscriptions and licensing arrangements and related services (i.e., product support, consulting, and education). The “Corporate & Other” category presented in the following tables is not considered an operating segment. It consists primarily of costs and expenses related to executing the Company’s bitcoin strategy and includes the impairment charges and other third-party costs associated with the Company’s bitcoin holdings, net interest expense primarily related to long-term debt obligations (the net proceeds of which were primarily used to purchase bitcoin), and income tax effects generated from the Company’s bitcoin holdings and related debt issuances.
The Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, who manages the entity on a consolidated basis. The CODM uses “net income (loss)” to assess the profitability of the software business by comparing actual to budgeted results on a monthly basis. In doing so, he focuses on “controllable costs” across main functions of the Software Business and will allocate personnel and budget accordingly to maximize potential profitability. The CODM also uses “net income (loss)” to understand the impact from income taxes and debt-related items for general tax and liquidity planning purposes.
The following tables present (for each of the Software Business segment and Corporate & Other category, and on a consolidated basis) the Company’s revenues and significant expenses regularly provided to the CODM, reconciled to net income (loss) (in thousands) for each of the periods presented. Total segment assets (in thousands) provided to the CODM are also disclosed in the tables below for each period presented.
112
113
(1)
Significant expenses regularly provided to the CODM include both: (i) costs that the CODM considers to be “controllable”, for which the Company can manage future expense via the budgeting process (e.g. salaries, commissions, travel and entertainment expenses, third party-service provider fees, etc.), and that support each specific function of the Software Business (i.e. sales and marketing, maintenance, consulting, cloud, technology, and corporate resources) and (ii) costs that the CODM considers to be “non-controllable”, for which future expenses are primarily outside the Company’s control, such as digital asset impairment and custody fees, share-based compensation expense,
and employer payroll taxes related to the exercise or vesting of certain awards under the Stock Incentive Plans.
(2)
Other segment items for the Software Business are primarily related to foreign currency transaction gains and losses, costs supporting the Company’s education