the global bitcoin market, market expectations for the adoption of bitcoin as a store of value, the number of merchants that accept bitcoin as a form of payment, and the volume of peer-to-peer transactions, among other factors. For a discussion of risks associated with digital asset exchanges, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings—Due to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding the operations of many bitcoin trading venues, bitcoin trading venues may experience greater fraud, security failures or regulatory or operational problems than trading venues for more established asset classes, which may result in a loss of confidence in bitcoin trading venues and adversely affect the value of our bitcoin.”
Service providers
.  Service providers offer a multitude of services to other participants in the Bitcoin industry, including custodial and trade execution services, commercial and retail payment processing, loans secured by bitcoin collateral, and financial advisory services.  If adoption of the Bitcoin network continues to materially increase, we anticipate that service providers may expand the currently available range of services and that additional parties will enter the service sector for the Bitcoin network.
Other Digital Assets
As of the date of this Annual Report, bitcoin was the largest digital asset by market capitalization. However, numerous alternative digital assets exist, and many entities, including consortia and financial institutions, are actively researching and investing resources in blockchain platforms and digital assets that utilize consensus mechanisms other than proof-of-work mining, which is employed by the Bitcoin network. For example, in late 2022, the Ethereum network transitioned to a “proof-of-stake” mechanism for validating transactions that requires significantly less computing power than proof-of-work mining. Other alternative digital assets that compete with bitcoin in certain ways include “stablecoins,” which are designed to maintain a constant price because of their issuers’ promise to hold high-quality liquid assets (such as U.S. dollar deposits and short-term U.S. treasury securities) equal to the total value of stablecoins in circulation. Stablecoins have grown rapidly as an alternative to bitcoin and other digital assets as a medium of exchange and store of value, particularly on digital asset trading platforms. As of December 31, 2024, two of the eight largest digital assets by market capitalization were U.S. dollar-backed stablecoins.
Additionally, central banks in some countries have started to introduce digital forms of legal tender. For example, China’s central bank digital currency (“CBDC”) project was made available to consumers in January 2022, and governments including the United States and the European Union have discussed the potential creation of new CBDCs. For a discussion of risks relating to the emergence of other digital assets, see “Item