decision maker ("CODM") and included in the reported measure(s) of a segment's profit and loss and (ii) other segment items that reconcile segment revenue and significant expenses to the reported measure(s) of a segment's profit and loss, both on an annual and interim basis. Companies are also required to provide all annual disclosures currently required under Topic 280 in interim periods, in addition to disclosing the title and position of the CODM and how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit and loss in assessing segment performance and allocating resources. The Company has adopted ASU 2023-07 for the year-ended December 31, 2024 and included all required annual disclosures in Note 16, Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, including retroactive application to all prior periods presented. The Company will adopt ASU 2023-07 for interim periods beginning January 1, 2025.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2024-03,
Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40)
(“ASU 2024-03”). ASU 2024-03 requires specified information about certain costs and expenses be disclosed in the notes to the financial statements, including the expense caption on the face of the income statement in which they are disclosed, in addition to a qualitative description of remaining amounts not separately disaggregated. Entities will also be required to disclose their definition of “selling expenses” and the total amount in each annual period.  The standard is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning January 1, 2027 and for interim periods beginning January 1, 2028, with updates applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its disclosures.
(4) Digital Assets
The following table summarizes the Company’s digital asset holdings (in thousands, except number of bitcoins), as of:
The carrying value on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet at each period-end represents the lowest fair value (based on Level 1 inputs in the fair value hierarchy) of the bitcoins at any time since their acquisition.  Therefore, these fair value measurements were made during the period from their acquisition through December 31, 2024 or 2023, respectively, and not as of December 31, 2024 or 2023, respectively.
The following table summarizes the Company’s digital asset purchases, digital asset sales, digital asset impairment losses, and gains on sale of digital assets (in thousands, except number of bitcoins) for the periods indicated:
87
From time to time, the Company’s execution partners may extend short-term trade credits to the Company to purchase bitcoin in advance of using cash funds in the Company’s trading account, or allow the Company to make bitcoin purchases on a delayed settlement basis. Trade credits and