MicroStrategy, Strategy One, Strategy Auto, Intelligence Everywhere, HyperIntelligence, Strategy Consulting, Strategy Education, Strategy Cloud, Enterprise Semantic Graph, Strategy Services, Strategy Professional Services, Strategy Support, and Intelligent Enterprise.  Third-party product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
3
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
All references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Annual Report”) to “Strategy”, “MicroStrategy,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy and its consolidated subsidiaries (unless the context otherwise indicates).
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY
This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). For this purpose, any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, certain statements under “Item 1. Business,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and located elsewhere herein concerning our plans, objectives, goals, beliefs, business strategies, future events, business conditions, results of operations, financial position, business outlook, business trends and other information, may be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, words such as “might,” “will,” “may,” “should,” “estimates,” “expects,” “continues,” “contemplates,” “anticipates,” “projects,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “intends,” “believes,” “forecasts,” “future,” “targeted,” “goal” and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based upon our current expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections, and various assumptions, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Our expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that management’s expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections will be achieved and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements.
There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained herein and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. These principal risks, uncertainties and other important factors are discussed more fully under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and include, but are not limited to, the following:
Risks Related to Our Business in General
•
Our quarterly operating results, revenues, and expenses may fluctuate significantly, which