considered separate performance obligations because they do not integrate with each other or with other offerings to deliver a combined output to the customer, do not modify or customize (or are not modified or customized by) each other or other offerings, and do not affect the customer’s ability to use the other consulting services or the Company’s other offerings.  Revenue under consulting arrangements is recognized over time as services are delivered.  For time and materials-based consulting arrangements, the Company has elected the practical expedient of recognizing revenue upon invoicing since the invoiced amount corresponds directly to the value of the Company’s service to date.
Education Services
The Company sells various education and training services to its customers. Education services are sold on a standalone basis under two different types of arrangements: (i) annual subscriptions to live and on-demand training courses and (ii) custom courses purchased on an hourly basis.  Education arrangements are each considered separate performance obligations because they do not integrate with each other or with other offerings to deliver a combined output to the customer, do not modify or customize (or are not modified or customized by) each other or other offerings, and do not affect the customer’s ability to use the other education services or the Company’s other offerings. Revenue on annual subscriptions is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period, which is the period over which the customer has continuous access to the training courses. Revenue on custom courses is recognized on a time and materials basis as the services are delivered.
82
See Note 16, Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding total revenues by geographic region.
Estimates and Judgments
The Company makes estimates and judgments to allocate the transaction price based on an observable or estimated SSP. The Company also makes estimates and judgments with respect to capitalizing incremental costs to obtain a customer contract and determining the subsequent amortization period. These estimates and judgments are discussed further below.
Determining the Transaction Price
The transaction price includes both fixed and variable consideration. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur.  The amount of variable consideration excluded from the transaction price was not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. The Company’s estimates of variable consideration are also subject to subsequent true-up adjustments and may result in changes to its transaction prices.  Such true-up adjustments have not been and are not expected to be material.  The Company has the following sources of variable consideration:
(i)
Performance penalties – Subscription services and product support arrangements generally contain performance