a $5.91 billion unrealized loss on digital assets, and we may not be able to regain profitability in future periods, particularly if we incur significant fair value losses related to our digital assets. As of January 1, 2025, we have adopted ASU 2023-08, pursuant to which we are required to recognize increases or decreases in fair value of our digital assets as incurred in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. As a result, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
Additionally, as of March 31, 2025, we had deferred tax liabilities with respect to the unrealized gain on our bitcoin holdings of approximately $2.28 billion. Our deferred tax liabilities are partially offset by deferred tax assets, such as net operating losses and capitalized research and development costs. If the market value of bitcoin declines in future periods, our deferred tax liability with respect to the unrealized gain on our bitcoin holdings will decrease, and we may be required to establish additional valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. Such increases in valuation allowances could materially and adversely affect net income in periods in which such charges are incurred.
A significant decrease in the market value of our bitcoin holdings could adversely affect our ability to satisfy our financial obligations
As of March 31, 2025, our outstanding indebtedness was $8.22 billion, and our annual contractual interest expense was $35.1 million. Additionally, as of March 31, 2025, we had outstanding $1.615 billion aggregate notional value of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, with respect to which we are required to pay aggregate annual dividends of $146.2 million.
As part of our bitcoin strategy, we expect to incur or continue to incur additional indebtedness and fixed charges, and we expect to issue additional preferred stock. For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, our enterprise analytics software business did not generate positive cash flow from operations, and we do not expect our enterprise analytics software business to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our obligations over the next twelve months. If our enterprise analytics software business does not generate cash flows in future periods sufficient to satisfy our financial obligations, including our debt and cash dividend obligations, we intend to fund our obligations using cash proceeds from equity or debt financings. Our ability to obtain equity or debt financing may in turn depend on, among other factors, the value of our bitcoin holdings, investor sentiment and the general public perception of bitcoin, our strategy and our value proposition. Accordingly, a significant decline in the market value of our bitcoin holdings or a negative shift in these other factors may create liquidity and credit risks, as such a decline or such shifts may adversely impact our ability to secure sufficient equity or debt financing