1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings—The emergence or growth of other
9
digital assets, including those with significant private or public sector backing, could have a negative impact on the price of bitcoin and adversely affect our business.”
Competition
Our bitcoin strategy generally involves from time to time, subject to market conditions, (i) issuing debt or equity securities or engaging in other capital raising transactions with the objective of using the proceeds to purchase bitcoin and (ii) acquiring bitcoin with our liquid assets that exceed working capital requirements.  When we engage in such capital raising transactions, we
compete for capital with, among others, ETPs, bitcoin miners, digital assets exchanges, other digital assets service providers, other companies that hold bitcoin or other digital assets as treasury reserve assets, private funds that invest in bitcoin and other digital assets, and similar vehicles. An increase in the competition for sources of capital could adversely affect the availability and cost of financing for our bitcoin purchases, and thereby could adversely affect the market price of our listed securities.
Custody of our Bitcoin
We hold substantially all of our bitcoin in custody accounts at U.S.-based, institutional-grade custodians that have demonstrated records of regulatory compliance and information security. As a result, the primary counterparty risk we are exposed to with respect to our bitcoin is performance obligations under the various custody arrangements into which we have entered. We custody our bitcoin across multiple custodians to diversify our potential risk exposure to any one custodian.  Our custodial services contracts do not restrict our ability to reallocate our bitcoin among our custodians, and our bitcoin holdings may be concentrated with a single custodian from time to time. In light of the significant amount of bitcoin we hold, we continually seek to engage additional digital asset custodians to further diversify the custody of our bitcoin.
We carefully select the custodians that custody our bitcoin after undertaking a due diligence process.  As part of our custodian selection process, we evaluate and select custodians that can demonstrate that they operate with strict security protocols, including multifactor authentication procedures designed to safekeep our bitcoin. In addition, our custodial services agreements generally specify that the private keys that control our bitcoin will be held in offline or “cold” storage, which is designed to mitigate risks that a system may be susceptible to when connected to the internet, including the risks associated with unauthorized network access and cyberattacks.  We also negotiate liability provisions in our custodial contracts, pursuant to which our custodians are held liable for their failure to safekeep our bitcoin. In addition to our custodial arrangements, we also utilize affiliates of our bitcoin