custodians to execute bitcoin acquisition and disposition transactions on our behalf. We leverage the due diligence we conduct in connection with our custodial arrangements when conducting due diligence of these trade execution service providers.
We also conduct due diligence reviews during the custodial relationship to monitor the safekeeping of our bitcoin. As part of our process, we obtain and review our custodians’ Services Organization Controls reports. We are also contractually entitled to review our custodians’ relevant internal controls through a variety of methods. We have in the past conducted, and expect to conduct in the future, supplemental due diligence when we believe it is warranted by market circumstances or otherwise. For example, in response to the collapse of FTX, in 2022 we obtained supporting documentation to verify certain factual information, including documentation and analysis regarding financial solvency, exposure to troubled exchanges, regulatory compliance, security protocols and our ownership of our bitcoin.
We negotiate specific contractual terms and conditions with our custodians that we believe will help establish, under existing law, that our property interest in the bitcoin held by our custodians is not subject to the claims of the custodian’s creditors in the event the custodian enters bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings.  All of our custodians are subject to regulatory regimes intended to protect customers in the event that a custodian enters bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings. Based on existing law and the terms and conditions of our contractual arrangements with our custodians, we believe that the bitcoin held on our behalf by our custodians would not be considered part of a custodian’s bankruptcy estate were one or more of our custodians to enter bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings.  For a discussion of risks relating to the custody of our bitcoin, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings—Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including risks associated with bitcoin,” and “—Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to risk of non-performance by counterparties.”
Potential Advantages and Disadvantages of Holding Bitcoin
We believe that bitcoin is an attractive asset because it can serve as a store of value, supported by a robust and public open-source architecture, that is untethered to sovereign monetary policy. We also believe that, due to its limited supply, bitcoin offers the potential to serve as a hedge against inflation in the long-term and, if its adoption increases, the opportunity for appreciation in value.
Bitcoin exists entirely in electronic form, as virtually irreversible public transaction ledger entries on the blockchain, and transactions in bitcoin are recorded and authenticated not by a central repository, but by a decentralized peer-to-peer network.  This decentralization mitigates