we may not remain competitive.
We may be obligated to disclose our proprietary source code to our customers, which may limit our ability to protect our intellectual property and could reduce the renewals of our support services
Certain of our customer agreements contain provisions permitting the customer to become a party to, or a beneficiary of, a source code escrow agreement under which we place the proprietary source code for our applicable services and products in escrow with a third party. Under these escrow agreements, the source code to the applicable product may be released to the customer, typically for its use to maintain, modify, and enhance the product, upon the occurrence of specified events, such as our filing for bankruptcy, discontinuance of our support services, and/or ceasing our business operations generally.
Disclosing the content of our source code may limit the intellectual property protection we can obtain or maintain for that source code or the services and products containing that source code. It also could permit a customer to which a product’s source code is disclosed to support and maintain that software product without being required to purchase our support services.
We may be unable to develop and release new software product offerings or enhancements to our existing offerings in a timely and cost-effective manner
Analytics applications, and applications that leverage the Bitcoin blockchain, can be complex, and research and development for these types of applications can be costly and time consuming. In the case of new or contemplated offerings, we may not be able to identify business use cases for such offerings, and we have in the past and may in the future cease, delay or reallocate resources away from further development of or marketing efforts for such offerings.  We cannot be sure that we will succeed in developing, marketing, and delivering, on a timely and cost-effective basis, new or enhanced offerings that will achieve market acceptance.
Risks Related to Our Operations
Business disruptions, including interruptions, delays, or failures of our systems, third-party data center hosting facility, or other third-party services, as a result of geopolitical tensions, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics (like the COVID-19 pandemic), and similar events, could materially adversely affect our operating results or result in a material weakness in our internal controls that could adversely affect the market price of our stock
A significant portion of our research and development activities or certain other critical business operations are concentrated in facilities in Northern Virginia, China, Argentina, and Poland. In addition, we serve our customers and manage certain critical internal processes using a third-party data center hosting facility located in the United States and other third-party services, including AWS, Azure, Google, and other cloud services. Any disruptions or failures of our systems or the