transactions to purchase bitcoin. As of December 31, 2024, we held an aggregate of approximately 447,470 bitcoins.
The following table presents a roll-forward of our bitcoin holdings, including additional information related to our bitcoin purchases, sales, and digital asset impairment losses within the respective periods:
(a)
During 2023, we purchased bitcoin using $1.864 billion of the net proceeds from our sale of class A common stock under our at-the-market equity offering programs, and $37.9 million of Excess Cash.
(b)
During 2024, we purchased bitcoin using $16.330 billion of the net proceeds from our sale of class A common stock under our at-the-market equity offering program, $2.974 billion of the net proceeds from our issuance of the 2029 Convertible Notes, $782.0 million of the net proceeds from our issuance of the 2030 Convertible Notes, $756.0 million of the net proceeds from our issuance of the 2032 Convertible Notes, $592.3 million of the net proceeds from our issuance of the 2031 Convertible Notes, $458.2 million of the net proceeds from our issuance of the 2028 Convertible Notes, and $179.7 million of Excess Cash.
Excess Cash refers to cash in excess of the minimum Cash Assets that we are required to hold under our Treasury Reserve Policy, which may include cash generated by operating activities and cash from the proceeds of financing activities.
The following table shows the approximate number of bitcoins held at the end of each respective period, as well as market value calculations of our bitcoin holdings based on the lowest, highest, and ending market prices of one bitcoin on the Coinbase exchange (our principal market) for each respective year, as further defined below:
(a)
The “Lowest Market Price Per Bitcoin During Year” represents the lowest market price for one bitcoin reported on the Coinbase exchange during the respective year, without regard to when we purchased any of our bitcoin.
(b)
The “Market Value of Bitcoin Held at End of Year Using Lowest Market Price” represents a mathematical calculation consisting of the lowest market price for one bitcoin reported on the Coinbase exchange during the respective year multiplied by the number of bitcoins held by us at the end of the applicable year.
(c)
The “Highest Market Price Per Bitcoin During Year” represents the highest market price for one bitcoin reported on the Coinbase exchange during the respective year, without regard to when we purchased any of our bitcoin.
(d)
The “Market Value of Bitcoin Held at End of Year Using Highest Market Price” represents a mathematical calculation consisting of the highest market price for one bitcoin reported on the Coinbase exchange during the respective year multiplied by the number of bitcoins held by us at the end of the applicable year.
(e)
The “Market Price Per Bitcoin at End of Year” represents the market price of one bitcoin on the Coinbase exchange at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the last day of the respective year.
48
(f)
The