cyberattacks or other data loss relating to our bitcoin.”
A “51% attack” may occur when a group of miners attain more than 50% of the Bitcoin network’s mining power, thereby enabling them to control the Bitcoin network and protocol and manipulate the blockchain.  A “denial-of-service attack” occurs when legitimate users are unable to access information systems, devices, or other network resources due to the actions of a malicious actor flooding the network with traffic until the network is unable to respond or crashes. The Bitcoin network has been, and can be in the future, subject to denial-of-service attacks, which can result in temporary delays in block creation and in the transfer of bitcoin.   See “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings – Bitcoin and other digital assets are novel assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty.”
Bitcoin Industry Participants
The primary Bitcoin industry participants are miners, investors and traders, digital asset exchanges and service providers, including custodians, brokers, payment processors, wallet providers and financial institutions.
Miners
.  Miners range from bitcoin enthusiasts to professional mining operations that design and build dedicated mining machines and data centers, including mining pools, which are groups of miners that act cohesively and combine their processing power to mine bitcoin blocks. See
“—Creation of New Bitcoin and Limits on Supply”
above.
Investors and Traders
.  Bitcoin investors and traders include individuals and institutional investors who, directly or indirectly, purchase, hold, and sell bitcoin or bitcoin-based derivatives. On January 10, 2024, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued an order approving several applications for the listing and trading of shares of spot bitcoin exchange-traded products (“ETPs”) on U.S. national securities exchanges. While the SEC had previously approved exchange-traded funds where the underlying assets were bitcoin futures contracts, this order represented the first time the SEC approved the listing and trading of ETPs that acquire, hold and sell bitcoin directly. ETPs can be bought and sold on a stock exchange like traditional stocks, and provide investors with another means of gaining economic exposure to bitcoin through traditional brokerage accounts.
Digital Asset Exchanges.
Digital asset exchanges provide trading venues for purchases and sales of bitcoin in exchange for fiat or other digital assets.  Bitcoin can be exchanged for fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, at rates of exchange determined by market forces on bitcoin trading platforms, which are not regulated in the same manner as traditional securities exchanges.  In addition to these platforms, over-the-counter markets and derivatives markets for bitcoin also exist.  The value of bitcoin within the market is determined, in part, by the supply of and demand for bitcoin in