any distribution to holders of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock that is paid in shares of our class A common stock will generally be taxable to the same extent as a cash distribution. In addition, for any holder of our preferred stock that is a non-U.S. holder, any deemed distribution or non-cash distribution could be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a 30% rate, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable treaty. Because deemed distributions or non-cash distributions received by a holder of our preferred stock would not give rise to any cash from which any applicable withholding tax could be satisfied, if we (or an applicable withholding agent) pay withholding (including backup withholding) on behalf of a holder of our preferred stock, we (or an applicable withholding agent) may set off any such payment against, or withhold such taxes from, payments of cash or, in the case of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, delivery of shares of our class A common stock to such holder of our preferred stock (or, in some circumstances, any payments on our class A common stock) or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, such
71
holder of our preferred stock, or require alternative arrangements with respect to such withholding taxes (e.g., in the case of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, deposit for taxes prior to delivery of any dividend in the form of class A common stock or of conversion consideration).
The application of the rules under Section 305 of the Code to our preferred stock is uncertain, and holders of our preferred stock should consult their tax advisors about the impact of these rules in their particular situations.
Holders of our preferred stock may not be entitled to the dividends-received deduction or preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income
Distributions paid to corporate U.S. holders of our preferred stock may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction and distributions paid to non-corporate U.S. holders of our preferred stock may be subject to tax at the preferential tax rates applicable to “qualified dividend income” if we have current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes and certain holding period and other requirements are met. We may not have sufficient current or accumulated earnings and profits during any fiscal year for the distributions on our preferred stock to qualify as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If any distributions on our preferred stock with respect to any fiscal year are not eligible for the dividends-received deduction or for the preferential tax rates applicable to “qualified dividend income” because of insufficient current or accumulated earnings and profits, the market value of our preferred stock may decline.
The tax rules applicable to “fast-pay stock” could result in adverse consequences to holders of our preferred stock
Under Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section