on a corporation with respect to an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $
1
billion. On September 12, 2024, the Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service issued proposed regulations with respect to the application of the CAMT. For purposes of calculating the adjusted financial statement income, the Company will be required to ratably allocate from 2025 through 2028 the increase to the Company’s retained earnings. When determining whether the Company is subject to CAMT and when calculating any related tax liability for an applicable tax year, the proposed regulations provide that, among other adjustments, the Company’s adjusted financial statement income must include this ratable amount in addition to any unrealized gains or losses reported in the applicable tax year. Accordingly, as a result of the enactment of the IRA and the Company’s adoption of ASU 2023-08
on January 1, 2025, unless the IRA is amended or the proposed regulations, when finalized, are revised to provide relief (or other interim relief is granted), the Company could become subject to CAMT in the tax years 2026 and beyond. If the Company becomes subject to the CAMT, it could result in a material tax obligation
86
that the Company would need to satisfy in cash, which could materially affect its financial results, including its earnings and cash flow, and its financial condition.
Income Taxes
In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
(“ASU 2023-09”). ASU 2023-09 requires enhanced disclosures surrounding income taxes, particularly related to rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. In particular, on an annual basis, companies will be required to disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. Companies will also be required to disclose, on an annual basis, the amount of income taxes paid, disaggregated by federal, state, and foreign taxes, and also disaggregated by individual jurisdictions above a quantitative threshold. The standard is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning January 1, 2025 on a prospective basis, with retrospective application permitted for all prior periods presented. The Company will adopt ASU 2023-09 for the annual period ending December 31, 2025 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its disclosures.
Segment Reporting
In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
(“ASU 2023-07”). ASU 2023-07 requires enhanced disclosures surrounding reportable segments, particularly (i) significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating