could materially affect our financial results, including our earnings and cash flow, and our financial condition.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities
17
We are subject to income taxes and non-income taxes in a variety of domestic and foreign jurisdictions. Our future income tax liability could be materially adversely affected by earnings that are lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates, earnings that are higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of our unrecognized tax benefits, or changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof.  In addition, if we sold any of our bitcoin at prices greater than the cost basis of the bitcoin sold, we would incur a tax liability with respect to any gain recognized, and such tax liability could be material.
Changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise, including as a result of the project undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) to combat base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”). The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, has issued recommendations that, in some cases, make substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax positions and principles. These changes, many of which have been adopted or are under active consideration by OECD members and/or other countries, could increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes.
After enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, most of our income is taxable in the U.S. with a significant portion taxable under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (“GILTI”) regime. Beginning in fiscal year 2027, the deduction allowable under the GILTI regime will decrease from 50% to 37.5%, which will increase the effective tax rate imposed on our income. The U.S. also enacted the IRA in August 2022. On September 12, 2024, the Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service issued proposed regulations with respect to the application of the CAMT. Unless an exemption applies, the IRA imposes (i) a 1% excise tax on certain stock repurchases made by publicly traded U.S. corporations, and (ii) a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax on a corporation with respect to an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $1 billion. As discussed in greater detail under the risk factor heading “Risks Related to Our Business in General—Unrealized fair value gains on our bitcoin holdings could cause us to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022,” as a result of the enactment of the IRA and our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, unless the IRA is amended or the