personnel. As of December 31, 2024, we utilized approximately 20,000 square feet of office and other space in the United States, in addition to our corporate headquarters, and approximately 87,000 square feet of office space in various foreign locations.
Item 3. Legal
Proceedings
We are involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business.  Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, we do not expect the resolution of these legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
Item 4. Mine Saf
ety Disclosures
Not applicable.
44
PART
II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stoc
kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “MSTR.”  There is no established public trading market for our class B common stock. As of February 4, 2025, there were approximately 825 stockholders of record of our class A common stock and two stockholders of record of our class B common stock.
Holders of our class A common stock generally have the same rights as holders of our class B common stock, except that holders of class A common stock have one vote per share while holders of class B common stock have ten votes per share.
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on either our class A or class B common stock and have no current plans to declare or pay any such dividends on our class A or class B common stock. Our series A perpetual strike preferred stock accumulates dividends at a rate per annum equal to 8.00% on the liquidation price thereof, which is $100 per share. Such dividends will be payable when, as and if declared by our board of directors, out of funds legally available for their payment to the extent paid in cash, quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, beginning on March 31, 2025, and will be payable, at our election, in cash, shares of our class A common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our class A common stock. We expect to fund any dividends paid in cash on our series A perpetual strike preferred stock primarily through additional capital raising activities, including but not limited to, at-the-market offerings of our class A common stock. Refer to the “Liquidity and Capital Resources” section under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for further information regarding our series A perpetual strike preferred stock, including such dividends.
Performance Graph
The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our class A common stock from December 31, 2019 (the last trading day before the beginning of our fifth preceding fiscal year) to December 31, 2024 (the last trading day of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024) with the cumulative total return of (i) the Total