common share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average common stock outstanding during the respective period. Net loss attributable to common stockholders is computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock and the dividends accrued for the period on the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock from net loss.
As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate and per share cumulative preferred dividends payable in arrears on the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock were $
1.4
million and $
0.17
, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, there were
no
cumulative preferred dividends payable in arrears on the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock.
The Company has two classes of common stock: class A common stock and class B common stock. Holders of class A common stock generally have the same rights, including rights to dividends, as holders of class B common stock, except that holders of class A common stock have
one
vote per share while holders of class B common stock have
ten
votes per share.
Each share of class B common stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into one share of class A common stock.
As such, basic and fully diluted earnings per common share for class A common stock and for class B common stock are the same. The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on either class A or class B common stock.
The Company has two classes of preferred stock outstanding: Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock. Holders of the Company’s preferred stock do not have voting rights, except for rights to appoint a director to the Company’s board upon certain failures to pay dividends on preferred stock, and have rights to dividends and other rights as discussed in Note 9, Redeemable Preferred Stock
, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, each share of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into
0.1
shares of class A common stock.
The impact from potential shares of common stock on the diluted earnings per common share calculation are included when dilutive.
Potential shares of class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options, the vestin
g of restricted stock units and performance stock units considered probable of achievement, and in connection with the 2021 ESPP are computed using the treasury stock method. Potential shares of class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes and upon conversion of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock are computed using the if-converted method. In computing diluted earnings per common share, the Company first calculates the earnings per incremental share (“EPIS”) for each class of potential shares of common stock and ranks the classes from the most dilutive (i.e., lowest EPIS) to the