response time guarantees. For subscription services arrangements, the Company estimates variable consideration using a portfolio approach because performance penalties are tied to standard up-time requirements.  For product support arrangements, the Company estimates variable consideration on a contract basis because such arrangements are customer-specific.  For both subscription services and product support arrangements, the Company uses an expected value approach to estimate variable consideration based on historical business practices and current and future performance expectations to determine the likelihood of incurring penalties.
(ii)
Extended payment terms –
The Company’s standard payment terms are generally within 180 days of invoicing. If extended payment terms are granted to customers, those terms generally do not exceed one year.
For contracts with extended payment terms, the Company estimates variable consideration on a contract basis because such estimates are customer-specific and uses an expected value approach to analyze historical business experience on a customer-by-customer basis to determine the likelihood that extended payment terms lead to an implied price concession.
(iii)
Sales and usage-based royalties – Certain product license arrangements include sales or usage-based royalties, covering both product license and product support.  In these arrangements, the Company uses an expected value approach to estimate and recognize revenue for royalty sales each period, utilizing historical data on a contract-by-contract basis.  True-up adjustments are recorded in subsequent periods when royalty reporting is received from the OEMs and during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 were not material.
The Company provides a standard software assurance warranty to repair, replace, or refund software that does not perform in accordance with documentation. The standard software assurance warranty period is generally less than one year.
Assurance warranty claims were not material for the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022.
The Company does not adjust the transaction price for significant financing components where the time period between cash payment and performance is one year or less.  However, there are circumstances where the timing between cash payment and performance may exceed one year.  These circumstances generally involve prepaid multi-year license, product support and subscription services arrangements where the customer determines when the service is utilized.  In these circumstances, the Company has determined no significant financing component exists because the customer controls when to utilize the service and because there are significant business purposes behind the timing difference between payment and performance (e.g., ensuring collectability in the case of subscription services).
Allocating the Transaction Price Based on Standalone Selling Prices (SSP)
The Company allocates the transaction price