Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the IRS and state financial regulators, have been examining the operations of digital asset networks, digital asset users and digital asset exchanges, with particular focus on the extent to which digital assets can be used to violate state or federal laws, including to facilitate the laundering of proceeds of illegal activities or the funding of criminal or terrorist enterprises, and the safety and soundness and consumer-protective safeguards of exchanges or other service-providers that hold, transfer, trade or exchange digital assets for users. Many of these state and federal agencies have issued consumer advisories regarding the risks posed by digital assets to investors. In addition, federal and state agencies, and other countries have issued rules or guidance regarding the treatment of digital asset transactions and requirements for businesses engaged in activities related to digital assets.
Depending on the regulatory characterization of bitcoin, the markets for bitcoin in general, and our activities in particular, our business and our bitcoin strategy may be subject to regulation by one or more regulators in the United States and globally. Ongoing and future regulatory actions may alter, to a materially adverse extent, the nature of digital assets markets, the participation of industry participants, including service providers and financial institutions in these markets, and our ability to pursue our bitcoin strategy. Additionally, U.S. state and federal and foreign regulators and legislatures have taken action against industry participants, including digital assets businesses, and enacted restrictive regimes in response to adverse publicity arising from hacks, consumer harm, or criminal activity stemming from digital assets activity. U.S. federal and state energy regulatory authorities are also monitoring the total electricity consumption of cryptocurrency mining, and the potential impacts of cryptocurrency mining to the supply and dispatch functionality of the wholesale grid and retail distribution systems. Many state legislative bodies have passed, or are actively considering, legislation to address the impact of cryptocurrency mining in their respective states.
The CFTC takes the position that some digital assets, including bitcoin, fall within the definition of a “commodity” under the Commodities Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”). Under the CEA, the CFTC has broad enforcement authority to police market manipulation and fraud in spot digital assets markets in which we may transact. Beyond instances of fraud or manipulation, the CFTC generally does not oversee cash or spot market exchanges or transactions involving digital asset commodities that do not utilize margin, leverage, or financing. In addition, CFTC regulations and CFTC oversight and enforcement authority apply with respect to futures, swaps, other derivative products and certain retail leveraged