are available with either licensing model for added fees.
Dedicated Sales and Customer Success Teams
Strategy sells its offerings chiefly through a direct sales force, with sales offices throughout the world. We also support customers post-sale through a dedicated Customer Success team that manages the customer lifecycle, from onboarding and training through license renewal and expansion.  This separation allows our Sales team to focus on new business development and acquisition, while our Customer Success team focuses on customer experience, satisfaction, and lifetime value.
Strategic Partnerships
Strategy has established strategic partnerships with a wide variety of third-party vendors, including cloud hosting providers (AWS, Microsoft, STACKIT, and Google), system integrators, consulting firms, value added resellers (VARs), managed service providers (MSPs), and independent software vendors (ISVs). These firms resell, support, or extend the Strategy platform for a variety of commercial purposes, and our agreements with them generally provide non-exclusive rights to our software, marketing materials, product training, and direct sales force for field-level assistance.
We make significant financial investments with our channel partners, including technical training, certifications, pre-sales and sales enablement, and co-marketing programs. Through our joint efforts, we believe customers can minimize their risk and maximize the return on their business intelligence projects. Our channel partners allow us to extend sales and service coverage and industry-specific expertise across regions, languages, and business types.
Marketing
13
Strategy’s marketing programs target the following principal audiences:
•
technology and line-of-business executives across large, global enterprises and mid-size organizations;
•
government technology buyers and vendors to the government community;
•
ISVs that want to embed analytics technology in their applications; and
•
system integrators that have technology relationships with large enterprises, governments, and information-intensive businesses.
The channels we use to reach prospective buyers and partners include digital and social media, search and display advertising, industry and hosted events, webinars, email, partner co-marketing activities, and educational forums.
Competition
The analytics market is highly competitive and subject to rapidly changing technology and market conditions. For enterprise analytics, Strategy competes with global ISVs, such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, and SAP. Our ability to compete successfully depends on various factors within and outside of our control.  Some of these factors include software quality, performance and reliability; the quality of our service and support teams; marketing and prospecting effectiveness; the ability to incorporate artificial intelligence and other technically advanced features; and our ability to differentiate our products. Failure to perform