consist primarily of depreciation and amortization, reduction in the carrying amount of operating lease right-of-use assets, credit losses and sales allowances, deferred taxes, release of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, share-based compensation expense, digital asset impairment losses, amortization of the issuance costs on our long-term debt, and gains and losses on extinguishment of debt.
Net cash used in operating activities was $53.0 million in 2024, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $12.7 million in 2023. The change in operating cash flows was due to a $1.596 billion decrease in net income and a $21.7 million decrease from changes in operating assets and liabilities, which was partially offset by a $1.552 billion net increase in non-cash items (principally related to digital asset impairment losses and losses on the extinguishment of certain debt instruments, partially offset by deferred taxes). In particular, our cash from operations has been negatively impacted by our continued transition of customers to subscription services offerings, which have resulted in (i) reduced cash collections due to lower revenues and invoicing over multiple years, (ii) increased costs of our cloud infrastructure to support increased usage, and (iii) increased commissions paid to our sales team to incentivize cloud migrations. We have also incurred additional employer payroll taxes related to the exercise or vesting of certain awards under the Stock Incentive Plans, legal and consulting fees, rent expense payments, marketing costs, and bitcoin custodial fees. Our interest payments in 2024 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to interest and fees incurred on trade credits or delayed settlements related to our bitcoin purchases. Cash paid for interest on our debt obligations did not materially change from the prior year due to the extinguishment of the 2028 Secured Notes and 2025 Convertible Notes in 2024 and the Secured Term Loan in 2023, for which the reduction in cash interest was substantially offset by increases in interest paid on the 2030 Convertible Notes, 2031 Convertible Notes, and 2032 Convertible Notes issued in 2024. Our cash from operations was favorably impacted in the current year by a significant reduction in income tax payments (net of refunds) and decreases in headcount, which resulted in reduced salary expenses, partially offset by increases in severance costs.
Net cash used in investing activities.
In 2024 and 2023, the changes in net cash used in investing activities primarily relate to purchases of digital assets, advance deposits on a new corporate aircraft, and expenditures on property and equipment. Net cash used in investing activities increased $20.181 billion during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to a $20.170 billion increase in purchases of bitcoins and a $10.5 million deposit on a new corporate aircraft. During 2024, we purchased $22.073 billion of bitcoin using net