September 15, 2027, in the case of the 2028 Convertible Notes, June 1, 2028, in the case of the 2029 Convertible Notes, September 15, 2028, in the case of the 2030 Convertible Notes and the 2031 Convertible Notes, or June 15, 2029, in the case of the 2032 Convertible Notes, at a repurchase price in each case equal to 100% of the principal amount of the applicable Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the repurchase date.
Availability of Bitcoin for Liquidity
We do not believe we will need to sell or engage in other transactions with respect to any of our bitcoins within the next twelve months to meet our liquidity needs, although we may from time to time sell or engage in other transactions with respect to our bitcoins as part of treasury management operations, as noted above. The bitcoin market historically has been characterized by significant volatility in its price, limited liquidity and trading volumes compared to sovereign currencies markets, relative anonymity, a developing regulatory landscape, susceptibility to market abuse and manipulation, compliance and internal control failures at exchanges, and various other risks inherent in its entirely electronic, virtual form and decentralized network. During times of instability in the bitcoin market, we may not be able to sell our bitcoins at reasonable prices or at all. As a result, our bitcoins are less liquid than our existing cash and cash equivalents and may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents. In addition, upon sale of our bitcoin, we may incur additional taxes related to any realized gains or we may incur capital losses as to which the tax deduction may be limited.  See “Item 1A. Risk Factors— Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings—Our bitcoin holdings are less liquid than our existing cash and cash equivalents and may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents.”
Cash flows
59
The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities.
The primary source of our cash provided by operating activities is cash collections of our accounts receivable from customers following the sales and renewals of our product licenses, subscription services and product support, as well as consulting and education services. Our primary uses of cash in operating activities are for personnel-related expenditures for software development, personnel-related expenditures for providing consulting, education, and subscription services, and for sales and marketing costs, general and administrative costs, interest expense related to our long-term debt arrangements, and income taxes. In 2024 and 2023, non-cash items to further reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities