in prior periods, with more revenue being recognized in future periods.
61
Our recognition of deferred revenue and advance payments is subject to future performance obligations and may not be representative of revenues for succeeding periods
Our deferred revenue and advance payments totaled $219.7 million as of March 31, 2025. The timing and ultimate recognition of our deferred revenue and advance payments depend on various factors, including our performance of various service obligations.
Because of the possibility of customer changes or delays in customer development or implementation schedules or budgets, and the need for us to satisfactorily perform product support and other services, deferred revenue and advance payments at any particular date may not be representative of actual revenue for any succeeding period.
In addition, we had $223.2 million of other remaining performance obligations as of March 31, 2025, consisting of the portions of multi-year contracts that will be invoiced in the future that are not reflected on our balance sheet.  As with deferred revenue and advance payments, these other remaining performance obligations at any particular date may not be representative of actual revenue for any succeeding period.
Integration of artificial intelligence into our enterprise analytics product offerings and our use of artificial intelligence in our operations could result in reputational or competitive harm, legal liability, and other adverse effects on our business
We have integrated, and plan to further integrate, AI capabilities into certain components of our enterprise analytics product offerings and we expect to use AI in our operations. Such integration and use of AI may become more important in our product offerings and operations over time. These AI-related initiatives, whether successful or not, could cause us to incur substantial costs and could result in delays in our software release cadence. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products or operations more quickly or more successfully than we do, which could impair our ability to compete effectively. Additionally, AI algorithms may be flawed and datasets underlying AI algorithms may be insufficient or contain biased information. If the AI tools integrated into our products or that we use in our operations produce analyses or recommendations that are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
Other companies have experienced cybersecurity incidents that implicate confidential and proprietary company data and/or the personal data of end users of AI applications integrated into their software offerings or used in their operations. If we were to experience a cybersecurity incident, whether related to the integration of AI capabilities into our product offerings or our use of AI applications in our operations, our business and results