our revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses on a non-GAAP constant currency basis, which excludes certain changes resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. These non-GAAP constant currency metrics allow our management and investors to compare operating results to prior years without the effects of certain changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which are not reflective of our general business performance and may vary significantly between periods. The following are reconciliations of our non-GAAP constant currency revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses to their most directly comparable GAAP measures (in thousands) for the periods indicated:
(1)
The “Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Impact” reflects the estimated impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on international components of our Consolidated Statements of Operations.  It shows the increase (decrease) in material international revenues or expenses, as applicable, from the same period in the prior year, based on comparisons to the prior year quarterly average foreign currency exchange rates. The term “international” refers to operations outside of the United States and Canada only where the functional currency is the local currency (i.e., excluding any location whose economy is considered highly inflationary).
(2)
The “Non-GAAP Constant Currency” reflects the current period GAAP amount, less the Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Impact.
(3)
The “Non-GAAP Constant Currency % Change” reflects the percentage change between the current period Non-GAAP Constant Currency amount and the GAAP amount for the same period in the prior year.
64
Item 7A.        Quantitative and Qualitat
ive Disclosures About Market Risk
The following discussion about our market risk exposures involves forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
We are exposed to the impact of market price changes in bitcoin and foreign currency fluctuations.
Market Price Risk of Bitcoin.
We have used a significant portion of our cash, including cash generated from capital raising transactions, to acquire bitcoin and, as of December 31, 2024, we held approximately 447,470 bitcoins. The carrying value of our bitcoins as of December 31, 2024 was $23.909 billion, which reflects cumulative impairments of $4.059 billion, on our Consolidated Balance Sheet.  As discussed in Note 2(g), Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Digital Assets, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we account for our bitcoin as indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to impairment losses if the fair value of our bitcoin decreases below their carrying value at any time since their acquisition.  Impairment losses cannot be recovered for any subsequent increase in fair value.  For example, the market price of one bitcoin on the Coinbase exchange (our principal market for bitcoin) ranged from a low of