regular dividend payment date.
Declared regular dividends on the Series A Strike Preferred are payable, at our election, in cash, shares of our class A common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our class A common stock, in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in the Certificate of Designations. If we elect to pay any portion of a declared regular dividend in shares of our class A common stock, then those shares will be valued at 95% of the “daily VWAP” (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) per share of class A common stock on the third “VWAP trading day” (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) preceding the regular dividend payment date for such regular dividend. However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event will the total number of shares of class A common stock issuable per share of Series A Strike Preferred as payment for a declared regular dividend exceed an amount equal to (x) the total dollar amount of such declared regular dividend per share of Series A Strike Preferred divided by (y) the “floor price”, which is initially equal to $119.03 per share of class A common stock and is subject to adjustment in the manner specified in the Certificate of Designations. If the number of shares that we deliver is limited as a result of this provision, then we will, to the extent we are legally able to do so and not prohibited by the terms of any “dividend senior stock” (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), declare and pay the related deficiency in cash. If any accumulated regular dividend (or any portion thereof) on the Series A Strike Preferred is not paid on the applicable regular dividend payment date (or, if such regular dividend payment date is not a business day, the next business day), then additional regular dividends, which we refer to as “compounded dividends,” will accumulate on the amount of such unpaid regular
58
dividend, compounded quarterly at the regular dividend rate, from, and including, such regular dividend payment date to, but excluding, the date the same, including all compounded dividends thereon, is paid in full.  We expect to fund any dividends paid in cash on the Series A Strike Preferred primarily through additional capital raising activities, including, but not limited to, at-the-market offerings of our class A common stock.
Short-term and Long-term Liquidity
Short-term Liquidity.
Our short-term liquidity needs include working capital requirements, anticipated capital expenditures, dividend obligations on the Series A Strike Preferred to the extent that we do not pay such dividends in the form of shares of our class A common stock, and contractual obligations due within the next twelve months.  We expect our cash and cash equivalents, as of December 31, 2024, together with cash and cash equivalents generated by our operations, will not be sufficient to satisfy these obligations over the next twelve months. However, we anticipate being able to use proceeds