ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022, there were no significant changes in the timing of revenue recognition on the Company’s deferred balances.
The Company’s remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract and includes deferred revenue and advance payments and billable non-cancelable amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. The remaining performance obligation excludes contracts that are billed in arrears, such as certain time and materials contracts. The portions of multi-year contracts that will be invoiced in the future are not presented on the balance sheet within accounts receivable and deferred revenues and are instead included in the following remaining performance obligation disclosure. As of December 31, 2024
, the Company had an aggregate transaction price of $
454.9
million allocated to the remaining performance obligation related to subscription services, product support, product licenses, and other services contracts.  The Company expects to recognize $
278.4
million within the next
12
months and the remainder
thereafter
.
89
(6) Property and Equipment
Property and equipment (in thousands) consisted of the following, as of:
Depreciation and amortization expenses related to property and equipment were $
5.6
million, $
6.4
million, and $
6.7
million for the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
In December 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase a new corporate aircraft and paid an initial deposit of $
10.5
million, which is included in the “Deposits and other assets” line on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024. Additional installment payments totaling $
68.0
million in the aggregate are expected through completion and delivery of the aircraft, currently anticipated in 2026.
(7) Leases
The Company leases office space in the United States and foreign locations under operating lease agreements. Office space is the Company’s only material underlying asset class under operating lease agreements. The Company has no material finance leases.
Under the Company’s office space lease agreements, fixed payments and variable payments that depend on an index or rate are typically comprised of base rent and parking fees. Additionally, under these agreements the Company is generally responsible for certain variable payments that typically include certain taxes, utilities and maintenance costs, and other fees. These variable lease payments are generally based on the Company’s occupation or usage percentages and are subject to adjustments by the lessor.
The Company’s ROU asset and total lease liability balances were $
54.6
million and $
66.8
million, respectively, as of
December 31, 2024
, and $
57.3
million and $
71.5
million, respectively, as of December 31,
2023
. The Company’s most significant lease is for its corporate headquarters in Northern Virginia. The ROU asset and total lease liability balances related to the