preferred stock would not give rise to any cash from which any applicable withholding tax could be satisfied, if we (or an applicable withholding agent) pay withholding (including backup withholding) on behalf of a holder of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock, we (or an applicable withholding agent) may set off any such payment against, or withhold such taxes from, payments of cash or delivery of shares of our class A common stock to such holder of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock (or, in some circumstances, any payments on our class A common stock) or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, such holder of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock, or require alternative arrangements (e.g., deposit for taxes prior to delivery of such dividend in the form of shares of our class A common stock or of conversion consideration).
The application of the rules under Section 305 of the Code to our series A perpetual strike preferred stock is uncertain, and holders of perpetual strike preferred stock should consult their tax advisors about the impact of these rules in their particular situations.
Holders of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock may not be entitled to the dividends-received deduction or preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income
Distributions paid to corporate U.S. holders may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction and distributions paid to non-corporate U.S. holders may be subject to tax at the preferential tax rates applicable to “qualified dividend income” if we have current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes and certain holding period and other requirements are met. We may not have sufficient current or accumulated earnings and profits during any fiscal year for the distributions on our series A perpetual strike preferred stock to qualify as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If any distributions on our series A perpetual strike preferred stock with respect to any fiscal year are not eligible for the dividends-received deduction or for the preferential tax rates applicable to “qualified dividend income” because of insufficient current or accumulated earnings and profits, the market value of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock may decline.
The tax rules applicable to “fast-pay stock” could result in adverse consequences to holders of perpetual strike preferred stock
Under Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 7701(l) of the Code (the “Fast-Pay Stock Regulations”), if stock of a corporation is structured such that dividends paid with respect to the stock are economically (in whole or in part) a return of the stockholder’s investment (rather than a return on the stockholder’s investment), then the stock is characterized as “fast-pay stock” and is subject to adverse tax reporting requirements and potentially penalties. In addition, under the Fast-Pay Stock Regulations, unless