Company strategically accumulates Bitcoin and advocates for its role as digital capital. The Company’s treasury strategy is designed to provide investors varying degrees of economic exposure to Bitcoin by offering a range of securities, including equity and fixed income instruments. In addition, the Company provides industry-leading AI-powered enterprise analytics software, advancing its vision of Intelligence Everywhere. The Company leverages its development capabilities to explore innovation in Bitcoin applications, integrating analytics expertise with its commitment to digital asset growth. The Company’s enterprise analytics software business, which it has operated for over 30 years, is its predominant operational focus.
(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Basis of Presentation
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
On July 11, 2024, the Company announced a
10
-for-1 stock split of the Company’s class A common stock and class B common stock. The stock split was effected by means of a stock dividend to the holders of record of the Company’s class A common stock and class B common stock as of the close of business on August 1, 2024, the record date for the dividend. Shares held in treasury by the Company were not impacted by the stock split. The dividend was distributed after the close of trading on August 7, 2024 and trading commenced on a split-adjusted basis at market open on August 8, 2024. As a result of the stock split, all applicable share, per share, and equity award information has been retroactively adjusted in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements to reflect the stock split for all periods presented.
(b) Use of Estimates
The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, investments, fixed assets, digital assets, leases, debt, share-based compensation, income taxes, including the carrying value of deferred tax assets, and litigation and contingencies, including liabilities that the Company deems not probable of assertion.
The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets, liabilities, and equity that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results and outcomes could differ from these estimates and assumptions.
(c) Fair Value Measurements
The Company measures certain assets