proposed regulations with respect to CAMT are, when finalized, revised to provide relief (or other interim relief is granted), we could become subject to the CAMT in the 2026 tax year and beyond. If we become subject to these new taxes under the IRA for these or any other reasons, it could result in a material tax obligation that we would need to satisfy in cash, which could materially affect our financial results, including our earnings and cash flow, and our financial condition. Further, other existing U.S. tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied in a manner that negatively impacts us.
Our determination of our tax liability is subject to review by applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities.  Any adverse outcome of such reviews could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.  The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and there are many transactions and calculations, including in respect of transactions involving bitcoin, where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.  Moreover, as a multinational business, we have subsidiaries that engage in many intercompany transactions in a variety of tax jurisdictions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
We also have contingent tax liabilities that, in management’s judgment, are not probable of assertion.  If such unasserted contingent liabilities were to be asserted, or become probable of assertion, we may be required to record significant expenses and liabilities in the period in which these liabilities are asserted or become probable of assertion.
As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and any such difference may materially affect our financial results in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined.
Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings
Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including risks associated with bitcoin
Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including the following:
Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset.
Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $50,000 per bitcoin and above $105,000 per bitcoin on the Coinbase exchange (our principal market for bitcoin) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Annual Report. The trading price of bitcoin significantly decreased during prior periods, and such declines may occur again in the future.
Bitcoin does not pay interest or dividends.
Bitcoin does not pay interest or other returns and we can only generate cash from our bitcoin holdings if we sell our bitcoin or implement strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate cash by using our bitcoin holdings.  Even if we pursue any such strategies, we may be unable to create