is issued). However, this calculation will not be made if reflecting our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock in diluted earnings per share in this manner is anti-dilutive. Accordingly, the application of the if-converted method to our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock may result in lower reported diluted earnings per share.
In addition, accounting standards may change in the future. Accordingly, we may account for our preferred stock in future periods in a manner that is significantly different than described above.
Future sales or other dilution of our class A common stock, including other equity-related securities, could dilute our existing stockholders or otherwise depress the market price of our class A common stock and the value of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock
Future sales of our class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, or the issuance of class A common stock upon the conversion of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock could negatively impact the market price of our class A common stock, and, accordingly, the value of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock. The terms of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock do not restrict our ability to issue additional Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, class A common stock or other equity-related securities in the future. Future sales or issuances of class A common stock, Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock or other equity-related securities could be dilutive to holders of our class A common stock and Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and could adversely affect their voting and other rights and economic interests. If we issue additional shares of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, shares of class A common stock (including as payment for regular dividends on our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock), or other equity-related securities, the price of our class A common stock and the value of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock may decline. We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our class A common stock or other securities or the effect, if any, that the issuance of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, and future sales and issuances of our class A common stock and other securities would have on the market price of our class A common stock and the value of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock.
In addition, the existence of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock into shares of class A common stock could depress the price of our class A common stock. The sale or the availability for sale of a large number of shares of class A common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our class A common stock to decline.
Not all events that may adversely affect the value of our Perpetual Strike