budget accordingly to maximize potential profitability. The CODM also uses “net income (loss)” to understand the impact from income taxes and debt-related items for general tax and liquidity planning purposes.
The following tables present (for each of the Software Business segment and Corporate & Other category, and on a consolidated basis) the Company’s revenues and significant expenses regularly provided to the CODM, reconciled to net (loss) income (in thousands) for each of the periods presented. Total segment assets (in thousands) provided to the CODM are also disclosed in the tables below for each period presented.
27
(1)
Significant expenses regularly provided to the CODM include both: (i) costs that the CODM considers to be “controllable”, for which the Company can manage future expense via the budgeting process (e.g. salaries, commissions, travel and entertainment expenses, third party-service provider fees, etc.), and that support each specific function of the Software Business (i.e. sales and marketing, maintenance, consulting, cloud, technology, and corporate resources) and (ii) costs that the CODM considers to be “non-controllable”, for which future expenses are primarily outside the Company’s control, such as losses (gains) on digital assets, digital asset impairment, and custody fees, share-based compensation expense,
and employer payroll taxes related to the exercise or vesting of certain awards under the Stock Incentive Plans.
(2)
Other segment items for the Software Business are primarily related to foreign currency transaction gains and losses, costs supporting the Company’s education function, one-time corporate initiatives, and certain expenses that are not easily allocable to specific functions. Other segment items for the Corporate & Other category are primarily related to third-party consulting and advisory fees.
(3)
Interest expense, net is substantially related to interest expense on the Company’s long-term debt arrangements, the proceeds from which were primarily used to purchase bitcoin.
(4)
Income tax effects allocated to the Corporate & Other category are related solely to transactions involving the Company’s bitcoin or debt, including unrealized losses on digital assets, digital asset impairment losses, interest expenses, gains and losses on debt extinguishments, share-based compensation expense, corporate resources (including personnel costs), and other third-party expenses.
(5)
Due to the adoption of ASU 2023-08, segment assets allocated to the Corporate & Other category for the three months ended March 31, 2025, included only the Company’s digital assets. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, segment assets included the Company’s digital assets and deferred tax assets primarily related to digital asset impairment losses and interest expense.
28
The following table presents total revenues and long-lived assets (in thousands) according to geographic region. Long-lived assets are comprised of right-of-use assets