additional valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. Such increases in valuation allowances could materially and adversely affect net income in periods in which such charges are incurred. We routinely consider actions necessary to preserve or utilize tax attributes. We will continue to regularly assess the realizability of deferred tax assets.
Our effective tax rate may fluctuate due to changes in our domestic and foreign earnings and losses, material discrete tax items, or a combination of these factors resulting from transactions or events.
The U.S. enacted the IRA in August 2022. Among other things, unless an exemption by statute or regulation applies, a provision of the IRA imposes a 15% CAMT on a corporation with respect to an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $1 billion. On September 12, 2024, the Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service issued proposed regulations with respect to the application of the CAMT.  Due to our adoption of ASU 2023-08 as of January 1, 2025, we were required to recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment of $12.75 billion to the opening balance of our retained earnings as of January 1, 2025. We will additionally be required to recognize unrealized gains or losses from changes in the fair value of digital assets in future reporting periods as income or losses.  For purposes of calculating the adjusted financial statement income, we will be required to ratably allocate this increase to our retained earnings over a four year period, from 2025 through 2028. When determining whether we are subject to CAMT and when calculating any related tax liability for an applicable tax year, the proposed regulations provide that, among other adjustments, our adjusted financial statement income must include this ratable amount in addition to any unrealized gains or losses reported in the applicable tax year. Accordingly, as a result of the enactment of the IRA and our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, unless the IRA is amended or the proposed regulations, when finalized, are revised to provide relief (or other interim relief is granted), we could become subject to CAMT in the tax years beginning in 2026 and beyond.  As the taxes to which we are subject will depend in significant part on the future price of bitcoin and the size of our bitcoin holdings, we are not able to estimate the impact of CAMT on our future income tax expense.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business in General—We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, including the potential taxation of unrealized gains on our bitcoin holdings.”
Deferred Revenue and Advance Payments
Deferred revenue and advance payments represent amounts received or due from our customers in advance of our transferring our software or services to the customer. In the case of multi-year