bitcoin. We account for our bitcoin as indefinite-lived intangible assets. Although we continue to initially record our bitcoin purchases at cost, upon adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, any subsequent increases or decreases in fair value are recognized as incurred in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and the fair value of our bitcoin is reflected within the Consolidated Balance Sheets each reporting period-end. As of March 31, 2025, we held approximately 528,185 bitcoins with a carrying value of $43.546 billion on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $50,000 per bitcoin and above $105,000 per bitcoin in our principal market in the 12 months preceding the date of this report. A significant decrease in the price of bitcoin would have a material adverse effect on our earnings.
Foreign Currency Risk.
We conduct a significant portion of our business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the currency in which we report our Consolidated Financial Statements. International revenues accounted for 42.9% and 44.1% of our total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We anticipate that international revenues will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues. The functional currency of each of our foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency.
Assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect as of the applicable Balance Sheet date and any resulting translation adjustments are included as an adjustment to stockholders’ equity. Revenues and expenses generated from these subsidiaries are translated at average monthly exchange rates during the quarter in which the transactions occur. Transaction gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity involved are included in the results of operations.
As a result of transacting in multiple currencies and reporting our Consolidated Financial Statements in U.S. dollars, our operating results may be adversely impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations in the future.
We cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon our future results. We attempt to minimize our foreign currency risk by converting our excess foreign currency held in foreign jurisdictions to U.S. dollar-denominated cash and investment accounts.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, a 10% adverse change in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar would have decreased our aggregate reported cash and cash equivalents by 3.3% and 5.7%, respectively. If average exchange rates during the three months ended March 31, 2025 had changed unfavorably by 10%, our revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 would have decreased by 3.8%. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, our revenues were not significantly impacted by changes in weighted average