third-party hosting facility or other services that we use, including as a result of a natural disaster, fire, cyberattack (including the potential increase in risk for such attacks due to cyberwarfare in connection with the ongoing Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts), act of terrorism, geopolitical conflict (including due to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts and any potential conflict involving China and Taiwan), pandemic, the effects of climate change, or other catastrophic event, as well as power outages, telecommunications infrastructure outages, a decision by one of our third-party service providers to close facilities that we use without adequate notice or to materially change the pricing or terms of their services, host country restrictions on the conduct of our business operations or the availability of our offerings, or other unanticipated problems with our systems or the third-party services that we use, such as a failure to meet service standards, could severely impact our ability to conduct our business operations or to attract new customers or maintain existing customers, or result in a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, any of which could materially adversely affect our future operating results.
30
We face a variety of risks in doing business with U.S. and foreign federal, state, and local governments and government agencies, including risks related to the procurement process, budget constraints and cycles, termination of contracts, and compliance with government contracting requirements
Our customers include the U.S. government, state and local governments and government agencies.  There are a variety of risks in doing business with government entities, including:
Procurement.
Contracting with public sector customers is highly competitive and can be time-consuming and expensive, requiring us to incur significant up-front time and expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. Further, even if we win a contract, it may be placed on hold, or reversed, due to a post-award protest.
Budgetary Constraints and Cycles.
Public sector funding reductions or delays adversely impact demand and payment for our offerings.
Termination of Contracts.
Public sector customers often have contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts for convenience or due to a default. If a contract is terminated for the customer’s convenience, we may only be able to collect fees for software or services delivered prior to termination and settlement expenses.  If a contract is terminated due to our default, we may not recover even those amounts, and we may be liable for excess costs incurred by the customer for procuring alternative software or services.
Compliance with Government Contracting Requirements.
Government contractors are required to comply with a variety of complex laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, or performance of