additionally be required to recognize unrealized gains or losses from changes in the fair value of digital assets in future reporting periods as income or losses. For purposes of calculating the adjusted financial statement income, we will be required to ratably allocate from 2025 through 2028 the increase to our retained earnings. When determining whether we are subject to CAMT and when calculating any related tax liability for an applicable tax year, the proposed regulations provide that, among other adjustments, our adjusted financial statement income must include this ratable amount in addition to any unrealized gains or losses reported in the applicable tax year. Accordingly, as a result of the enactment of the IRA and our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, unless the IRA is amended or the proposed regulations, when finalized, are revised to provide relief (or other interim relief is granted), we could become subject to CAMT in the tax years 2026 and beyond. As the taxes to which we are subject will depend in significant part on the future price of bitcoin and the size of our bitcoin holdings, we are not able to estimate the impact of CAMT on our future income tax expense. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business in
56
General—Unrealized fair value gains on our bitcoin holdings could cause us to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.”
Deferred Revenue and Advance Payments
Deferred revenue and advance payments represent amounts received or due from our customers in advance of our transferring our software or services to the customer.  In the case of multi-year service contract arrangements, we generally do not invoice more than one year in advance of services and do not record deferred revenue for amounts that have not been invoiced.  Revenue is subsequently recognized in the period(s) in which control of the software or services is transferred to the customer.
The following table summarizes deferred revenue and advance payments (in thousands), as of:
The portions of multi-year contracts that will be invoiced in the future are not presented on the balance sheet in “Accounts receivable, net” and “Deferred revenue and advance payments” and instead are included in the remaining performance obligation disclosure below.  Total deferred revenue and advance payments increased $6.3 million in 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to (i) an increase in deferred revenue from subscription services contracts, partially offset by (ii) a decrease in deferred product support revenue from an increase in conversions from on-premises to subscription services contracts.
Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract and includes deferred revenue and advance payments and billable non-cancellable amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. The remaining performance obligation excludes contracts that are billed