Additional Shares could have an adverse tax profile, which could subject holders of our previously issued preferred stock to adverse consequences” below.
Accordingly, holders of our preferred stock are strongly urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the Fast-Pay Stock Regulations and their potential consequences to an investment in our preferred stock.
A future issuance of Additional Shares could have an adverse tax profile, which could subject holders of our previously issued preferred stock to adverse consequences
If we issue Additional Shares that have a different, and potentially adverse, tax profile or treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes from our previously issued preferred stock, since such Additional Shares would trade under the same CUSIP or other identifying number as that of our previously issued Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock or Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, as applicable, our previously issued preferred stock may be treated by subsequent purchasers, withholding agents and potentially the IRS as having the same profile or treatment as such Additional Shares if our previously issued preferred stock is not otherwise distinguishable from the Additional Shares.
For example, notwithstanding our intent not to issue any Additional Shares that are fast-pay stock, the IRS could assert that such Additional Shares constitute fast-pay stock, particularly, with respect to Additional Shares of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, if they are issued at a premium to their liquidation preference. See “—The tax rules applicable to “fast-pay stock” could result in adverse consequences to holders of our preferred stock” above.
Furthermore, if any Additional Shares are issued at a price that exceeds their liquidation preference, such Additional Shares would constitute “disqualified preferred stock” within the meaning of Section 1059(f)(2) of the Code and any corporate U.S. holder generally will be required to reduce its tax basis (but not below zero) in our preferred stock by the amount of any dividends-received deduction it receives. The liquidation preference of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock will be subject to adjustment in the manner described in the Strife Certificate of Designations, which adjustment may be taken into account for purposes of disqualified preferred stock determination. If Additional Shares issued are considered disqualified preferred stock, our previously issued preferred stock could also be subject to the same treatment as a practical matter due to fungible trading.
If any Additional Shares are sold at a discount (or at a discount that exceeds the discount that applies to our previously issued preferred stock), such Additional Shares may be subject to U.S. tax rules (which are similar to the rules governing original issue discount for debt instruments) that require the accrual of such discount (or such greater discount) over the deemed term of the Additional Shares. In that event, the IRS or a withholding