revenues may experience declines in future periods as we continue to promote our cloud offering to new and existing customers.
36
Other services revenues.
The following table sets forth other services revenues (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Consulting revenues.
Consulting revenues are derived from helping customers plan and execute the deployment of our software. Consulting revenues decreased $2.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in demand for consulting services.
Education revenues.
Education revenues are derived from the education and training that we provide to our customers to enhance their ability to fully utilize the features and functionality of our software. These offerings include self-tutorials, custom course development, joint training with customers’ internal staff, and standard course offerings, with pricing dependent on the specific offering delivered. Education revenues decreased $0.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same periods in the prior year.
Costs and Expenses
Cost of revenues.
The following table sets forth cost of revenues (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Cost of product licenses revenues.
Cost of product licenses revenues consists of referral fees paid to channel partners, the costs of product manuals and media, and royalties paid to third-party software vendors. Cost of product licenses revenues increased $0.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year.
Cost of subscription services revenues.
Cost of subscription services revenues consists of equipment, facility and other related support costs (including cloud hosting infrastructure costs), and personnel and related overhead costs. Cost of subscription services revenues increased $5.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to a $6.4 million increase in cloud hosting infrastructure costs, which is a result of the increased usage by new and existing cloud subscription services customers, offset by decreased personnel costs due to headcount reductions  and change in the mix between domestic employees and international employees with lower average personnel costs.
Cost of product support revenues.
Cost of product support revenues consists of personnel and related overhead costs. Cost of product support revenues decreased $1.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs due to headcount reductions.
37
Cost of consulting revenues.
Cost of consulting revenues consists of personnel and related overhead costs. Cost of consulting revenues decreased $1.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in