the Company’s subsidiaries. The outstanding Convertible Notes also rank senior in right of payment to the Company’s Series A perpetual strike preferred stock issued in the first quarter of 2025. Refer to Note 18, Subsequent Events to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company’s Series A perpetual strike preferred stock issuance.
The following table summarizes the key terms of each of the Convertible Notes (principal at inception, net proceeds, and issuance costs are each reported in thousands):
(1)
“Maturity Date” is the stated maturity date under each applicable indenture governing such notes, unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased in accordance with their terms.
(2)
Holders may receive additional or special interest under specified circumstances as outlined under each applicable indenture governing the Convertible Notes.
(3)
For the Con
vertible Notes issued in 2024, interest payments begin on (a)
September 15, 2024
for each of the 2030 Convertible Notes and the 2031 Convertible Notes, (b)
December 15, 2024
for the 2032 Convertible Notes, (c)
March 15, 2025
for the 2028 Convertible Notes, and (d)
June 1, 2025
(special interest only, if any) for the 2029 Convertible Notes.
(4)
“Issuance Costs” reflect the customary offering expenses associated with each of the Convertible Notes. The Company accounts for these issuance costs as a reduction to the principal amount of the respective Convertible Notes and amortizes the issuance costs to interest expense from the respective debt issuance dates through the earlier of the “Maturity Date” or the “Date of Holder Put Option,” if applicable, at the “Effective Interest Rates” stated in the table.
(5)
“Date
of Holder Put Option” represents the respective dates upon which holders of the 2028 Convertible Notes, 2029 Convertible Notes, 2030 Convertible Notes, 2031 Convertible Notes, and 2032 Convertible Notes each have a noncontingent right to require the Company
92
to
repurchase for c
ash all or any portion of their respective notes at a repurchase price equal to
100
% of the principal amount of such notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the repurchase date.
(6)
The “Initial Conversion Rate” is stated in shares of the Company’s class A common stock per $
1,000
principal amount. The conversion rates are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. In addition, following certain events that may occur prior to the respective maturity dates or if the Company delivers a notice of redemption, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its respective Convertible Notes in connection with such corporate event or notice of redemption, as the case may be, in certain circumstances as provided in each indenture governing the respective Convertible Notes.
(7)
The “Initial Conversion Price” is stated in dollars per share of the Company’s class A common stock.
(8)
On or after the stated dates until