refundable, and therefore an unconditional right generally exists when the customer is billed or amounts are billable per the contract.
Accounts receivable (in thousands) consisted of the following, as of:
Changes in the allowance for credit losses were not material for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Rights to consideration that are subject to a condition other than the passage of time are considered contract assets until they are expected to become unconditional and transfer to accounts receivable. Current contract assets included in “Prepaid expenses and other current assets” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consisted of $
2.6
million and $
1.2
million, as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023
, respectively, related primarily to performance obligations or services being rendered in advance of future invoicing associated with multi-year contracts. These true-up adjustments are generally not material. Non-current contract assets included in “Deposits and other assets” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consisted of $
6.8
million and $
0.9
million, as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to
88
performance obligations or services being rendered in advance of future invoicing associated with multi-year contracts. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
, there were
no
significant impairments to the Company’s contract assets, nor were there any significant changes in the timing of the Company’s contract assets being reclassified to accounts receivable.
Contract liabilities are amounts received or due from customers in advance of the Company transferring the software or services to the customer and presented as "Deferred revenue and advance payments" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  In the case of multi-year service contract arrangements, the Company generally does not invoice more than one year in advance of services and does not record deferred revenue for amounts that have not been invoiced.  Revenue is subsequently recognized in the period(s) in which control of the software or services is transferred to the customer.
The Company’s “Accounts receivable, net” and “Deferred revenue and advance payments” balances in the Consolidated Balance Sheets include unpaid amounts related to contracts under which the Company has an enforceable right to invoice the customer for non-cancellable and/or non-refundable software and services. Changes in accounts receivable and changes in deferred revenue and advance payments are presented net of these unpaid amounts in “Operating activities” in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Deferred revenue and advance payments (in thousands) from customers consisted of the following, as of:
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
, the Company recognized revenues of $
225.4
million, $
215.9
million, and $
203.1
million, respectively, from amounts included in the total deferred revenue and advance payments balances at the beginning of the respective year.  For the years