7701(l) of the Code (the “Fast-Pay Stock Regulations”), if stock of a corporation is structured such that dividends paid with respect to the stock are economically (in whole or in part) a return of the stockholder’s investment (rather than a return on the stockholder’s investment), then the stock is characterized as “fast-pay stock” and is subject to adverse tax reporting requirements and potentially penalties, as described below. In addition, under the Fast-Pay Stock Regulations, unless clearly demonstrated otherwise, stock is presumed to be fast-pay stock if it is structured to have a dividend that is reasonably expected to decline (as opposed to a dividend rate that is reasonably expected to fluctuate or remain constant) (for such purpose, the dividend rate may be viewed as reasonably expected to decline if we are reasonably expected to stop paying regular dividends on our preferred stock or if the maximum Compounded Strife Dividend Rate is in effect with respect to the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock) or is issued for an amount that exceeds (by more than a de minimis amount, as determined under applicable Treasury Regulations) the amount at which the stockholder can be compelled to dispose of the stock. It is not clear what amount would constitute “de minimis” in the case of stock with a perpetual term.
The determination of whether stock is fast-pay stock is based on all the facts and circumstances. To determine if it is fast-pay stock, stock is examined when issued, and, for stock that is not fast-pay stock when issued, when there is a significant modification in the terms of the stock or the related agreements or a significant change in the relevant facts and circumstances. The relevant tax regulations do not indicate the types of significant changes in facts and circumstances that are intended to give rise to such a determination, and therefore it is possible that such a change could arise when, for example, a Compounded Strife Dividend Rate becomes in effect with respect to the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock.
We do not believe that our previously issued preferred stock is fast-pay stock.
We may issue additional shares of our preferred stock (or resell any shares that we or any of our subsidiaries have purchased or otherwise acquired) (such additional or resold shares, the “Additional Shares”). We do not intend to issue any Additional Shares that would be treated as fast-pay stock. Moreover, we intend to obtain advice of counsel in connection with future offerings of Additional Shares for the purpose of analyzing the consequences of issuing such Additional Shares in light of any legal developments regarding the definition of fast-pay stock. As the liquidation preference of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock will be subject to adjustment in the manner described in the Strife Certificate of Designations, it is generally not expected that the Additional Shares of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock would be issued at such a level of premium