and liabilities at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.  Fair value is defined as the price that is expected to be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The Company uses a three-level hierarchy that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques.  The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:
78
The categorization of an asset or liability within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  The valuation techniques used by the Company when measuring fair value maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.
The Company also estimates the fair value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and accrued compensation and employee benefits.  The Company considers the carrying value of these instruments in the Consolidated Financial Statements to approximate fair value due to their short maturities.
(d) Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
Cash equivalents may include bank demand deposits, money market instruments, certificates of deposit, U.S. Treasury securities, and equivalent funds. The Company generally considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Restricted cash consists of cash balances restricted in use by contractual obligations with third parties.
(e) Credit Losses on Accounts Receivable
The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses on its accounts receivable balances, which represents its best estimate of current expected credit losses over the contractual life of the accounts receivable.  When evaluating the adequacy of its allowance for credit losses each reporting period, the Company analyzes accounts receivable balances with similar risk characteristics on a collective basis, considering factors such as the aging of receivable balances, payment terms, geographic location, historical loss experience, current information, and future expectations.  Each reporting period, the Company reassesses whether any accounts receivable no longer share similar risk characteristics and should instead be evaluated as part of another pool or on an individual basis. Changes to the allowance for credit losses are adjusted through credit loss expense, which is presented within “General and administrative” operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
(f) Concentrations of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash equivalents with high credit-quality financial institutions and has established guidelines relative to credit