on or through the Investor Relations section of our website (
www.strategy.com/investor-relations)
, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such reports with the SEC.  Information found on our website is not part of this Annual Report or any other report filed with the SEC.  The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file or furnish electronically with the SEC at
www.sec.gov
. We also maintain a dashboard on our website (
www.strategy.com
) as a disclosure channel for providing broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information regarding the Company to the public, including information regarding market prices of our outstanding securities, bitcoin purchases and holdings, certain KPI metrics and other supplemental information, and as one means of disclosing non-public information in compliance with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Investors and others are encouraged to regularly review the information that we make public via the website dashboard.
15
Item 1A.        Ri
sk Factors
You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision.  The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.  Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impact us, our business, our bitcoin holdings, or our securities.
If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  In such case, the market price of our class A common stock and our series A perpetual strike preferred stock, which we refer to collectively as our “listed securities,” could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
On August 7, 2024, we completed a 10-for-1 stock split of our class A and class B common stock. See Note 2(a), Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Basis of Presentation, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for further information. As a result of the stock split, all applicable share and per share information presented within this Item 1A. Risk Factors has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split for all periods presented.
Risks Related to Our Business in General
Our quarterly operating results, revenues, and expenses may fluctuate significantly, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our listed securities
For many reasons, including those described below, our operating results, revenues, and expenses have varied in the past and may vary significantly in the future from quarter to quarter. These fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the market price of our