to satisfy our financial obligations, including our debt and cash dividend obligations. These risks could materialize at times when bitcoin is trading below its carrying value on our most recent balance sheet or our cost basis.
As bitcoin constitutes the vast bulk of assets on our balance sheet, if we are unable to secure equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms, or at all, we may be required to sell bitcoin to satisfy our financial obligations, and we may be required to make such sales at prices below our cost basis or that are otherwise unfavorable. Any such sale of bitcoin may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, and could impair our ability to secure additional equity or debt financing in the future. Our inability to secure additional equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms or at all, or to sell our bitcoin in amounts and at prices sufficient to satisfy our financial obligations, including our debt service and cash dividend obligations, could cause us to default under such obligations. Any default on our current or future indebtedness or preferred stock may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See “Risks Related to Our Outstanding and Potential Future Indebtedness” and “Risks Related to Our Preferred Stock” for additional details about the risks which may impact us if we are unable to satisfy our debt service and cash dividend obligations.
Unrealized gains on our bitcoin holdings could cause us to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
The U.S. enacted the IRA in August 2022. Unless an exemption applies, the IRA imposes a 15% CAMT on a corporation with respect to an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $1 billion. On September 12, 2024, the Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service issued proposed regulations with respect to the application of the CAMT.
On January 1, 2025, we adopted ASU 2023-08. ASU 2023-08 requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial position, with gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin recognized in net income each reporting period. As a result of our adoption of ASU 2023-08, as of January 1, 2025, we applied a cumulative-effect net increase to the opening balance of our retained earnings of $12.75 billion. For purposes of calculating the adjusted financial statement income, we will be required to ratably allocate this increase to our retained earnings over a four year period, from 2025 through 2028. When determining whether we are subject to CAMT and when calculating any related tax liability for an applicable tax year, the proposed regulations provide that, among other adjustments, our adjusted financial statement income must