to monitor SSP ranges on an ongoing basis and work with management in the event a trend that could impact the future ranges is detected.
Results of Operations
Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023
Revenues
Except as otherwise indicated herein, the term “domestic” refers to operations in the United States and Canada and the term “international” refers to operations outside of the United States and Canada.
Product licenses and subscription services revenues.
The following table sets forth product licenses and subscription services revenues (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Product licenses revenues.
Product licenses revenues decreased $26.8 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to an overall decrease in the volume of deals. Our product licenses revenues may continue to experience declines in future periods as we continue to promote our cloud offering to new and existing customers.
Subscription services revenues.
Subscription services revenues are derived from our cloud subscription service for commercial and government use and are recognized ratably over the service period in the contract. Subscription services revenues increased $25.6 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to conversions to cloud-based subscriptions from existing on-premises customers, a net increase in the use of subscription services by existing customers, and sales contracts with new customers. We expect our subscription services revenues to continue to grow in future periods as we continue to promote our cloud offering to new and existing customers.
Product support revenues.
The following table sets forth product support revenues (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Product support revenues are derived from providing technical software support and software updates and upgrades to customers.  Product support revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the contract, which is generally one year.  Product support revenues decreased $20.1 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to certain existing customers converting from perpetual product licenses with separate support contracts to our subscription services offerings. Our product support revenues may experience declines in future periods as we continue to promote our cloud offering to new and existing customers.
52
Other services revenues.
The following table sets forth other services revenues (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Consulting revenues.
Consulting revenues are derived from helping customers plan and execute the deployment of our software. Consulting revenues decreased $10.6 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in demand for domestic consulting services.
Education revenues.
Education revenues are derived from the education and training that we provide to our