bitcoin sold immediately prior to sale. Due in part to the volatility of bitcoin, we incurred $4.059 billion of cumulative impairment on our bitcoin holdings through December 31, 2024, which losses were reflected in the financial statements for the respective periods in which the losses were incurred.
ASU 2023-08 requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial position, and to recognize gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 also requires us to provide certain interim and annual disclosures with respect to our bitcoin holdings. We have applied a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2025 of $12.745 billion. ASU 2023-08 does not permit retrospective restatement of prior periods. Accordingly, we expect the adoption of ASU 2023-08 to significantly affect the carrying value of our bitcoin on our balance sheet.
As a result of our adoption of ASU 2023-08, we may incur greater losses during periods when we previously would have incurred smaller losses or no losses because we had already impaired the carrying value of our bitcoin to a low price observed during a prior period, and we may also incur gains during periods when the market value of bitcoin rises, as compared to periods prior to January 1, 2025, when we would not have incurred any gains under similar circumstances. Accordingly, due in particular to the volatility in the price of bitcoin, we expect the adoption of ASU 2023-08 to increase the volatility of our financial results.  Additionally, as a result of ASU 2023-08 requiring a cumulative-effect adjustment to our opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2025 and not
22
permitting retrospective restatement of prior periods, our future results will not be comparable to results from periods prior to our adoption of the guidance.
Because we intend to purchase additional bitcoin in future periods and increase our overall holdings of bitcoin, we expect that the proportion of our total assets represented by our bitcoin holdings will increase in the future. As a result, and in particular due to our adoption of ASU 2023-08, volatility in our earnings may be significantly more than what we experienced in prior periods.
The availability of spot ETPs for bitcoin and other digital assets may adversely affect the market price of our listed securities
Although bitcoin and other digital assets have experienced a surge of investor attention since bitcoin was invented in 2008, until recently investors in the United States had limited means to gain direct exposure to bitcoin through traditional investment channels, and instead generally were only able to hold bitcoin through “hosted” wallets provided by digital asset service providers or through “unhosted” wallets that expose the investor to risks associated with loss or hacking of their private keys. Given the relative novelty of