on the Coinbase exchange (our principal market for bitcoin). Prior to our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, we performed an analysis each quarter to identify whether events or changes in circumstances, principally decreases in the quoted (unadjusted) prices on the active exchange, indicated that it was more likely than not that any of our bitcoin assets were impaired. In determining if an impairment had occurred, we considered the lowest
55
price of one bitcoin quoted on the active exchange at any time since acquiring the specific bitcoin held. If the carrying value of a bitcoin exceeded that lowest price at any time during the quarter, an impairment loss was deemed to have occurred with respect to that bitcoin in the amount equal to the difference between its carrying value and such lowest price, and subsequent increases in the price of bitcoin did not affect the carrying value of our bitcoin. Gains (if any) were not recorded until realized upon sale, at which point they would be presented net of any impairment losses. In determining the gain to be recognized upon sale, we calculated the difference between the sale price and carrying value of the specific bitcoin sold immediately prior to sale. Due in part to the volatility of bitcoin, we incurred $4.059 billion of cumulative impairment on our bitcoin holdings through December 31, 2024, which losses were reflected in the financial statements for the respective periods in which the losses were incurred.
ASU 2023-08 requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial position, and to recognize gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 also requires us to provide certain interim and annual disclosures with respect to our bitcoin holdings. We have applied a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2025 of $12.75 billion. ASU 2023-08 does not permit retrospective restatement of prior periods. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, we incurred an unrealized loss on digital assets of $5.91 billion. Due to the application of a different accounting standard for the three months ended March 31, 2025 relative to the corresponding prior period, and due to ASU 2023-08 not permitting retrospective restatement of prior periods, our results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not comparable to our results for the corresponding prior period, and our future results will similarly not be comparable to results from periods prior to our adoption of the guidance.
As a result of our adoption of ASU 2023-08, we may incur greater losses during periods when we previously would have incurred smaller losses or no losses because we had already impaired the carrying value of our bitcoin to a low price observed during a prior period, and we may also incur gains during periods when the market value of bitcoin rises, as compared to periods prior to