held bitcoin will not become part of the custodian’s insolvency estate if one or more of our custodians enters bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings. Additionally, if we pursue any strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings, we would become subject to additional counterparty risks. Any significant non-performance by counterparties, including in particular the custodians with which we custody substantially all of our bitcoin, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.
Risks Related to Our Enterprise Analytics Software Business Strategy
We derive revenue from a single software platform and related services as well as revenue from our installed customer base
We derive revenue from sales of our analytics software platform and related services. We also depend on our installed customer base for a substantial portion of our software revenue. As a result, if our software business experiences a significant decline in demand for, or in the adoption or prices of, our platform and related services as a result of, among other factors, a significant decline in our installed customer base, any change in our pricing or packaging model, increased competition, maturation in the markets for our platform, or other risks described herein, we may not be able to generate revenue from other sources in excess of the expenses relating to our analytics software platform and related services.
As our customers increasingly shift from a product license model to a cloud subscription model, we could face higher future rates of attrition, and such a shift could continue to affect the timing of revenue recognition or reduce product licenses and product support revenues
We offer our analytics platform in the form of a product license or a cloud subscription.  Given that it is relatively easy for customers to migrate on and off our cloud subscription platform, as we continue to shift our customers toward our cloud platform, we could face higher future rates of attrition among our customers.  In addition, the payment streams and revenue recognition timing for our product licenses are different from those for our cloud subscriptions.  For product licenses, customers typically pay us a lump sum soon after entering into a license agreement, and we typically recognize product licenses revenue when control of the license is transferred to the customer.  For cloud subscriptions, customers typically make periodic payments over the subscription period and we recognize subscription services revenues ratably over the subscription period.  As a result, as our customers increasingly shift to, or new customers purchase, cloud subscriptions instead of product licenses, the resulting change in payment terms and revenue recognition may result in our recognizing less revenue in the reporting period in which the sale transactions are consummated than has been the case