derivative. Under this treatment, the embedded derivative would be measured at its fair value and accounted for separately as a liability that is marked-to-market at the end of each reporting period. For each financial statement period after the issuance of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock, a gain or loss would be reported in our statement of operations to the extent the valuation of the embedded derivative changes from the previous period. This accounting treatment may subject our reported net income (loss) to significant non-cash volatility. In addition, we expect that the if-converted method will apply to reflect our series A perpetual strike preferred stock in the calculation of our diluted earnings per share. Under this method, we expect that diluted earnings per share will be calculated assuming that our series A perpetual strike preferred stock is converted at the beginning of the reporting period (or, if later, the time our series A perpetual strike preferred stock is issued). However, this calculation will not be made if reflecting our series A perpetual strike preferred stock in diluted earnings per share in this manner is anti-dilutive. Accordingly, the application of the if-converted method to our series A perpetual strike preferred stock may result in lower reported diluted earnings per share.
Furthermore, we have not reached a final determination regarding the accounting treatment for our series A perpetual strike preferred stock, and the description above is preliminary. In addition, accounting standards may change in the future. Accordingly, we may account for our series A perpetual strike preferred stock in a manner that is significantly different than described above.
Holding series A perpetual strike preferred stock does not, in itself, confer any rights with respect to our class A common stock
Holding series A perpetual strike preferred stock does not confer any rights with respect to our class A common stock (including the voting rights of, and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on, our class A common stock). However, holders of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock are subject to all changes affecting our class A common stock to the extent the value of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock depends on the market price of our class A common stock and to the extent they receive shares of our class A common stock upon conversion of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock. For example, if we propose an amendment to our charter documents that requires the approval of our class A common stockholders but not the approval of the preferred stockholders, then holders of any perpetual strike preferred stock will not, as such, be entitled to vote on the amendment, although those holders will be subject to any changes implemented by that amendment in the powers, preferences or special rights of our class A common stock.
Risks Related to Our Outstanding and Potential Future