commodity transactions involving digital asset commodities, including the markets on which these products trade.
The SEC and its staff have taken the position that certain other digital assets fall within the definition of a “security” under the U.S. federal securities laws. Public statements made by senior officials and senior members of the staff at the SEC indicate that the SEC does not consider bitcoin to be a security under the federal securities laws. However, such statements are not official policy statements by the SEC and reflect only the speakers’ views, which are not binding on the SEC or any other agency or court and cannot be generalized to any other digital assets.
In addition, since transactions in bitcoin provide a degree of anonymity, they are susceptible to misuse for criminal activities, such as money laundering. This misuse, or the perception of such misuse, could lead to greater regulatory oversight of bitcoin and Bitcoin platforms, and there is the possibility that law enforcement agencies could close or blacklist bitcoin platforms or other bitcoin-related infrastructure with little or no notice and prevent users from accessing or retrieving bitcoin held via such platforms or infrastructure.  For example, the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control has issued updated advisories regarding the use of virtual
11
currencies, added a number of digital asset exchanges and service providers to the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list and engaged in several enforcement actions, including a series of enforcement actions that have either shut down or significantly curtailed the operations of several smaller digital asset exchanges associated with Russian and/or North Korean nationals.  Additionally, in January 2025, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced that it is seeking public input on privacy protections and surveillance in digital payments, particularly those offered through large technology platforms
As noted above, activities involving bitcoin and other digital assets may fall within the jurisdiction of more than one financial regulator and various courts and such laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and increasing in scope. On January 23, 2025, President Trump issued an executive order titled, Strengthening American Leadership in Digital Financial Technology. While the executive order did not mandate the adoption of any specific regulations, the executive order identifies certain key objectives to guide agencies involved in crypto regulation, including (i) protecting the sovereignty of the United States dollar by promoting the development of United States dollar-backed stablecoins, (ii) providing regulatory clarity and certainty built on technology-neutral regulations for individuals and firms involved in digital assets, including through well-defined jurisdictional regulatory boundaries, and (iii) taking measures to protect Americans from the risks of Central Bank