delayed settlement payments, as applicable, are due and payable after the bitcoin purchases are completed.  In 2024 and 2023, certain bitcoin of MacroStrategy LLC (“MacroStrategy”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, were subject to a first priority security interest and lien in order to secure payments owed by the Company with respect to these arrangements. While trade credits or delayed settlements are outstanding, the Company may incur interest fees and be required to maintain minimum balances in its trading and custody accounts with such execution partners. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023
, the Company had
no
outstanding trade credits payable or delayed settlement obligations.
As of December 31, 2023, approximately
16,081
of the bitcoins held by the Company, which had a carrying value of approximately $
263.9
million on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023, served as part of the collateral for the Company’s
6.125
% Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Secured Notes”). Upon the redemption of the 2028 Secured Notes during the third quarter of 2024, all collateral securing the 2028 Secured Notes, including the aforementioned bitcoin, was released. Refer to
Note 8, Long-term Debt, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the 2028 Secured Notes and their redemption.
The vast majority of the Company’s assets are concentrated in its bitcoin holdings. Bitcoin is a digital asset, which is a novel asset class that is subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty. Holding bitcoin does not generate any cash flows and involves custodial fees and other costs. Additionally, the price of bitcoin has historically experienced significant price volatility, and a significant decrease in the price of bitcoin would adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s strategy of acquiring and holding bitcoin also exposes it to counterparty risks with respect to the custody of its bitcoin, cybersecurity risks, and other risks inherent to holding a digital asset. In particular, the Company is subject to the risk that, if its private keys with respect to its digital assets are lost or destroyed or other similar circumstances or events occur, the Company may lose some or all of its digital assets, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.
(5) Contract Balances
The Company invoices its customers in accordance with billing schedules established in each contract.  The Company’s rights to consideration from customers are presented separately in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets depending on whether those rights are conditional or unconditional.
The Company presents unconditional rights to consideration from customers within “Accounts receivable, net” in its Consolidated Balance Sheets.  All of the Company’s contracts are generally non-cancellable and/or non-