corporate purposes, including the acquisition of bitcoin and for working capital.  See “—At-the-Market Equity Offerings” below.
On October 30, 2024, we entered into the October 2024 Sales Agreement and filed a prospectus supplement for an at-the-market equity offering program pursuant to which we could sell shares of class A common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $21 billion. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $2.37 billion of our class A common stock remained available for issuance and sale pursuant to the October 2024 Sales Agreement.  As of May 2, 2025, the October 2024 Sales Agreement has been substantially depleted and further at-the-market sales of class A common stock will be made under the May 2025 Sales Agreement.
Initial Public Offerings of Preferred Stock
On February 5, 2025, we issued 7,300,000 shares of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock in a public offering registered under the Securities Act. In connection with such issuance, we filed the Strike Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware designating an aggregate of 7,300,000 shares of, and establishing the terms of, the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock. We received approximately $563.2 million of net proceeds, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and our offering expenses, from the issuance of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock in the initial public offering of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock. All net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes, including the acquisition of bitcoin and for working capital.
On March 25, 2025, we issued 8,500,000 shares of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock in a public offering registered under the Securities Act. In connection with such issuance, we filed the Strife Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware designating an aggregate of 8,500,000 shares of, and establishing the terms of, the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock. We received approximately $710.9 million of net proceeds, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and our offering expenses, from the issuance of our Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock in the initial public offering of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock. All net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes, including the acquisition of bitcoin and for working capital.
For a discussion of the required dividends payable on and other rights of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, see Note 9, Redeemable Preferred Stock, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report.
Contractual and Other Obligations
Our material contractual obligations and cash requirements consist of:
•
principal and interest payments related to our long-term debt, which includes:
o
principal due upon maturity of our long-term debt instruments in the aggregate of $8.22 billion;
o
$3.2 million in coupon interest due each semi-