audit evidence pertaining to the existence of the digital assets and whether the Company controls the digital assets as a critical audit matter. Especially subjective auditor judgment was involved in determining the nature and extent of evidence required to assess the existence of the digital assets and whether the Company controls the digital assets, as control over the digital assets is provided through private cryptographic keys stored using third-party custodial services at multiple locations that are geographically dispersed. In addition, information technology (IT) professionals with specialized skills and knowledge in blockchain technology were needed to assist in the evaluation of the sufficiency of certain audit procedures.
71
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the digital assets process, including a control over the comparison of the Company’s records of digital assets held to the custodial records. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge in blockchain technology, who assisted in evaluating certain internal controls over the digital assets process performed at the custodial locations, related specifically to the generation of the private cryptographic keys, the storing of these keys, and the reconciliation of digital assets per the custodial service ledgers to the public blockchain. We obtained confirmation of the Company’s digital assets in custody as of December 31, 2024 and compared the total digital assets confirmed to the Company’s record of digital asset holdings. We also compared the Company’s record of digital asset transactions to the records on the public blockchain using a software audit tool. We applied auditor judgment in determining the nature and extent of audit evidence required, especially related to assessing the existence of the digital assets and whether the Company controls the digital assets. We evaluated the sufficiency and appropriateness of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed over the digital assets.
Evaluation of standalone selling price for standard product support
As discussed in Note 2(n) to the consolidated financial statements, the Company typically sells its software licenses (product licenses) together with technical support services and rights to when-and-if available software upgrades (standard product support). Product license revenue is recognized at the point when control to the license is transferred to the customer while standard product support revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the product support period. The accounting for revenue from contracts with multiple performance obligations requires the transaction price to be allocated to each distinct performance obligation based on their respective relative standalone selling price (SSP). Because product licenses are not