must have an exercise price equal to at least the fair market value of the Company’s class A common stock on the date of grant, become exercisable as established by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, and expire no later than
10
years following the date of grant.  The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense associated with such stock option awards on a straight-line basis over the award’s requisite service period (generally, the vesting period).  With the exception of stock option awards to non-employee members of the Company’s Board of Directors under the 2023 Equity Plan, which vest in full after
one year
, the stock option awards granted to date vest in equal annual installments over an approximately
four-year
vesting period (unless accelerated in connection with a change in control event under specified conditions as set forth in the applicable option agreement or otherwise in accordance with provisions of the Stock Incentive Plans).
Share-based compensation expense related to stock option awards is based on the fair value of the stock option awards on the date of grant, as estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model.  The Black-Scholes valuation model requires the input of certain management assumptions, including the expected term, expected stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield.  The Company estimates the term over which option holders are expected to hold their stock options by using the simplified method for “plain-vanilla” stock option awards because the Company’s stock option exercise history does not provide a reasonable basis to compute the expected term for stock options granted under the Stock Incentive Plans. The Company primarily relies on historical stock price volatility using a simple average calculation method to estimate the expected stock price volatility over the expected term. The volatility assumption may be further adjusted to incorporate implied volatility if such impact would be significant to the overall fair value estimate.  The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury securities with terms that approximate the expected term of the stock options.  The expected dividend yield is
zero
, as the Company has not previously declared cash dividends and does not currently intend to declare cash dividends on its class A common stock in the foreseeable future.  These assumptions are based on management’s best judgment, and changes to these assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimates and amount of share-based compensation expense recognized.
104
As of December 31, 2024, there were options to purchas
e
4,956,022
s
hares of class A common stock outstanding under the Stock Incentive Plans.
The following table summarizes the Company’s stock option activity (in thousands, except per share data and years) for the periods indicated:
Stock options outstanding as of December 31,
2024 are comprised of the following range of exercise