issuance of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock  (such a redemption, an “Strike Optional Redemption”). The redemption price for any Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock to be redeemed pursuant to an Strike Optional Redemption will be a cash amount equal to the liquidation preference of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock to be redeemed, plus accumulated and unpaid Regular Strike Dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date.
The Company will also have the right, at its election, to redeem all, and not less than all, of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, at any time, for cash if a “Tax Event” (as defined in the Strike Certificate of Designations) occurs (such a redemption, a “Strike Tax Redemption”). The redemption price for any Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock to be redeemed pursuant to a Strike Tax Redemption will be a cash amount equal to (i) the greater of (1) the liquidation preference of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock to be redeemed; and (2) the average of the last reported sale prices per share of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock for the five consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date on which the Company sends the related redemption notice, plus (ii) accumulated and unpaid Regular Strike Dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date.
If a “Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Strike Certificate of Designations) occurs, then, subject to a limited exception, Preferred Strike Stockholders will have the right to require the Company to repurchase some or all of their shares of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock at a cash repurchase price equal to the liquidation preference of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock to be repurchased, plus accumulated and unpaid Regular Strike Dividends, if any, to, but excluding the repurchase date. The Company has evaluated the probability of a redemption in connection with a Fundamental Change. Based on current facts and circumstances and the Company’s current and projected capital structure, management has determined that the occurrence of a Fundamental Change is remote. Accordingly, the Company concluded that accretion to the redemption value of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock is not required as of the reporting date.
The Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock has voting rights with respect to certain amendments to the Company’s certificate of incorporation or the Strike Certificate of Designations, certain business combination transactions and certain other matters. However, Preferred Strike Stockholders, as such, are not entitled to vote on an as-converted basis with holders of class A common stock on matters on which holders of class A common stock are entitled to vote.
If less than the full amount of accumulated and unpaid Regular Strike Dividends on the outstanding Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock have been declared and paid in respect of each of (i) four or more consecutive Regular Strike Dividend Payment Dates; and (ii) eight or more