the notes thereto filed with the SEC in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. There have been no significant changes in the Company’s accounting policies since December 31, 2024 except as discussed below within this footnote.
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
(b) Digital Assets
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-08,
Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets
(“ASU 2023-08”). ASU 2023-08 requires in-scope crypto assets (including the Company's bitcoin holdings) to be measured at fair value in the statement of financial position, with gains and losses from changes in the fair value of such crypto assets recognized in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 also requires certain interim and annual disclosures for crypto assets within the scope of the standard. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2025 on a prospective basis, with a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. Prior periods were not restated. As a result, the Company’s financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not directly comparable to the financial results for earlier periods.
The adoption of ASU 2023-08 resulted in the following impacts as of January 1, 2025:
Although the Company continues to initially record its bitcoin purchases at cost, subsequent to the Company’s adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, any increases or decreases in fair value are recognized as incurred in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations, and the fair value of the Company’s bitcoin is reflected within the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets each reporting period-end. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2023-08, the Company no longer accounts for its bitcoin under a cost-less-impairment accounting model and no longer establishes a deferred tax asset related to bitcoin impairment losses. Instead, the Company establishes a deferred tax liability if the market value of bitcoin at the reporting date is greater than the average cost basis of the Company’s bitcoin holdings at such reporting date, and any subsequent increases or decreases in the market value of bitcoin increases or decreases the deferred tax liability. In determining the gain (loss) to be recognized upon sale, the Company calculates the difference between the sales price and carrying value of the specific bitcoin sold immediately prior to sale.
6
The U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) in August 2022. Among other things, unless an exemption by statute or regulation applies, a provision of the IRA imposes a
15
% corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”) on a corporation with respect to