and property and equipment, net. The Corporate & Other category disclosed above is included within the U.S. region.
The EMEA region includes operations in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The other regions include all other foreign countries, generally comprising Latin America, the Asia Pacific region, and Canada. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, Germany accounted for 10% or more of total consolidated revenues. For the three months ended March 31, 2024,
no
country accounted for 10% or more of total consolidated revenues.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
,
no
individual customer accounted for 10% or more of total consolidated revenues.
(13) Related Party Transactions
Saylor Indemnification Agreements
On June 24, 2022, concurrently with binding directors and officers (“D&Os”) liability insurance policies (the “Initial Commercial Policies”) with several third-party carriers, the Company and Michael J. Saylor, the Company’s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Chairman, entered into (i) an indemnification agreement (the “Excess Agreement”) for Mr. Saylor to provide $
10
million in excess indemnity coverage payable only after the exhaustion of the Initial Commercial Policies, and (ii) an indemnification agreement (the “Tail Agreement”) for Mr. Saylor to provide $
40
million in indemnity coverage for claims made at any time based on actions or omissions occurring prior to the inception date of the Initial Commercial Policies.
The Company paid Mr. Saylor $
600,000
for a one-year term under the Excess Agreement
, and
$
150,000
for a 90-day term under the Tail Agreement
. At the option of the Company, the Company was permitted to extend the term under the Tail Agreement for up to a total of twenty-three additional
90
-day periods, for $
150,000
per additional 90-day term. The Company elected to extend the term of the Tail Agreement for three consecutive additional
90
-day periods and paid Mr. Saylor $
150,000
for each extension.
On August 30, 2022, the Company bound additional D&O liability insurance policies (the “Excess Commercial Policies”) with third-party carriers for excess coverage payable only after the exhaustion of the Initial Commercial Policies. Effective as of the same date, the Company and Mr. Saylor executed an amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Excess Agreement to limit Mr. Saylor’s obligation to provide indemnification under the Excess Agreement to claims made during the term of the Excess Agreement which arise from wrongful acts occurring upon or after the commencement of the Excess Agreement but prior to the effective date of the Amendment. In connection with the Amendment, Mr. Saylor refunded $
489,863
to the Company, representing the pro rata portion of the $
600,000
originally paid by the Company to Mr. Saylor under the Excess Agreement attributable to the period from the date of the Amendment through the end of the original term of the Excess Agreement.
On June 12, 2023, the Company bound