license sales is recognized when control of the license is transferred to the customer, which is the later of delivery or commencement of the license term.  The Company may also sell through resellers and OEMs who purchase the Company’s software for resale.  In reseller arrangements, revenue is generally recognized when control of the license is transferred to the end user.  In OEM arrangements, revenue is recognized when control of the license is transferred to the OEM.
Subscription Services
The Company also sells access to its software through fully managed cloud environments for commercial or government use, wherein customers access the software through a cloud environment that the Company manages on behalf of the customer. Control of the software itself does not transfer to the customer under this arrangement and is not considered a separate performance obligation. Cloud subscriptions are regularly sold on a standalone basis and include technical support, monitoring, backups, updates, and quarterly service reviews. Additionally, customers with existing on-premise software licenses may convert their installations to a cloud environment, at which time the on-premise licenses are typically terminated and replaced by a new subscription to the cloud service.  At conversion, an analysis is performed for each contract to determine whether any revenue adjustments are necessary given that the contract modifications revoke previously transferred rights to perpetual on-premise software.  Such revenue adjustments were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.  Revenue related to cloud subscriptions is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period, which is the period over which the customer has continuous access to the software.
Product Support
In all product license transactions, customers are required to purchase a standard product support package (either separately or as an included component of a term license transaction) that may subsequently be renewed at their option. Customers may also purchase a premium product support package for a fixed annual fee.  All product support packages include both technical support and when-and-if-available software upgrades, which are treated as a single performance obligation as they are considered a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and have the same duration and measure of progress.  Revenue from product support is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period, which is the period over which the customer has continuous access to product support.
Consulting Services
The Company sells consulting services to help customers plan and execute deployment of the Company’s software.  Customers are not required to use consulting services to fully benefit from the software.  Consulting services are regularly sold on a standalone basis and either (i) prepaid upfront or (ii) sold on a time and materials basis.  Consulting arrangements are each