income streams or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin holdings, and any such strategies may subject us to additional risks.
Our bitcoin holdings significantly impact our financial results and the market price of our listed securities.
Our bitcoin holdings have significantly affected our financial results and if we continue to increase our overall holdings of bitcoin in the future, they will have an even greater impact on our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. See “Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and
18
Holdings – Our historical financial statements do not reflect the potential variability in earnings that we may experience in the future relating to our bitcoin holding
s
.”
Our assets are concentrated in bitcoin.
The vast majority of our assets are concentrated in our bitcoin holdings. The concentration of our assets in bitcoin limits our ability to mitigate risk that could otherwise be achieved by holding a more diversified portfolio of treasury assets.
We purchase bitcoin using primarily proceeds from equity and debt financings.
Our ability to achieve the objectives of our bitcoin strategy depends in significant part on our ability to obtain equity and debt financing. If we are unable to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully execute on our bitcoin strategy
.
Our bitcoin strategy has not been tested over an extended period of time or under different market conditions.
We are continually examining the risks and rewards of our strategy to acquire and hold bitcoin. This strategy has not been tested over an extended period of time or under different market conditions. For example, although we believe bitcoin, due to its limited supply, has the potential to serve as a hedge against inflation in the long term, the short-term price of bitcoin declined in recent periods during which the inflation rate increased. If bitcoin prices were to decrease or our bitcoin strategy otherwise proves unsuccessful, our financial condition, results of operations, and the market price of our listed securities would be materially adversely impacted.
We are subject to counterparty risks, including in particular risks relating to our custodians.
Although we have implemented various measures that are designed to mitigate our counterparty risks, including by storing substantially all of the bitcoin we own in custody accounts at U.S.-based, institutional-grade custodians and negotiating contractual arrangements intended to establish that our property interest in custodially-held bitcoin is not subject to claims of our custodians’ creditors, applicable insolvency law is not fully developed with respect to the holding of digital assets in custodial accounts. If our custodially-held bitcoin were nevertheless considered to be the property of our custodians’ estates in the event that any such custodians were to enter bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings, we