clearly demonstrated otherwise, stock is presumed to be fast-pay stock if it is structured to have a dividend that is reasonably expected to decline (as opposed to a dividend rate that is reasonably expected to fluctuate or remain constant) (for such purpose, the dividend rate may be viewed as reasonably expected to decline if we are reasonably expected to stop paying regular dividends on our series A perpetual strike preferred stock) or is issued for an amount that exceeds (by more than a de minimis amount, as determined under applicable Treasury Regulations) the amount at which the stockholder can be compelled to dispose of the stock. It is not clear what amount would constitute “de minimis” in the case of stock with a perpetual term.
We do not believe that our previously issued series A perpetual strike preferred stock is fast-pay stock.
We may issue additional shares of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock (or resell any shares that we or any of our subsidiaries have purchased or otherwise acquired) (such additional or resold shares, the “Additional Shares”). We do not intend to issue any Additional Shares that would be treated as fast-pay stock. Moreover, we intend to obtain advice of counsel in connection with future offerings of Additional Shares for the purpose of analyzing the consequences of issuing such Additional Shares in light of any legal developments regarding the definition of fast-pay stock. It is possible, however, that Additional Shares may be issued at a premium
39
above their liquidation preference. Based on the expected overall circumstances of an offering of Additional Shares (such as our general expectation that the value of the conversion option would, at issuance, exceed the amount of any such premium and certain other factors), we do not believe that such premium would be attributable to dividends that are economically a return of a stockholder’s investment. Nonetheless, there may be increased risk that the IRS could assert that such Additional Shares constitute fast-pay stock.
Transactions involving fast-pay stock arrangements are treated as “listed transactions” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Issuers and holders of any shares of fast-pay stock would be required to report their participation in the transaction on IRS Form 8886 on an annual basis with their U.S. federal income tax returns and would also be required to mail a copy of that form to the IRS Office of Tax Shelter Analysis. Failure to comply with those disclosure requirements could result in the assessment by the IRS of interest, additions to tax and onerous penalties. In addition, an accuracy-related penalty applies under the Code to any reportable transaction understatement attributable to a listed transaction if a significant purpose of the transaction is the avoidance or evasion of U.S. federal income tax. Furthermore, certain material advisors would also be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS. If we determine that we are