day.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding sentence, at all times before the first date on which the Company executes any sale transaction to be settled by the issuance of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock (other than the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock initially issued on the Strife Initial Issue Date), the Strife Liquidation Preference per share of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock will be $
100
. For purposes of the definition of the Strife Liquidation Preference, references to the Company’s execution of any sale transaction to be settled by the issuance of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock includes any resale of any shares of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock that the Company or any of its subsidiaries have purchased or otherwise acquired.
The Company will have the right, at its election, to redeem all, and not less than all, of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, at any time, for cash if the total number of shares of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock then outstanding is less than
25
% of the total number of shares of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock originally issued on the Strife Initial Issue Date and in any future offering of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, taken together (such a redemption, an “Strife Optional Redemption”). The Company will also have the right, at its election, to redeem all, and not less than all, of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, at any time, for cash if a “Tax Event” (as defined in the Strife Certificate of Designations) occurs (such a redemption, a “Strife Tax Redemption”). The redemption price for any Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock to be redeemed pursuant to an Strife Optional Redemption or a Strife Tax Redemption will be a cash amount equal to (i) the Strife Liquidation Preference of such share as of the business day before the Company sends the related redemption notice, plus (ii) accumulated and unpaid Regular Strife Dividends (plus any Compounded Strife Dividends thereon) on such share to, but excluding, the redemption date.
If a “Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Strife Certificate of Designations) occurs, then holders of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock will have the right to require the Company to repurchase some or all of their shares of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock at a cash repurchase price equal to (i) the Strife Stated Amount plus (ii) accumulated and unpaid Regular Strife Dividends on such share to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change repurchase date for such Fundamental Change.
The Company has evaluated the probability of redemption in connection with a Fundamental Change. Based on current facts and circumstances and the Company's current and projected capital structure, management has determined that the occurrence of a Fundamental Change is remote. Accordingly, the Company concluded that accretion to the redemption value of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock is not required as of the reporting date.
The Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock has voting