“Market Value of Bitcoin Held at End of Year Using Ending Market Price” represents a mathematical calculation consisting of the market price of one bitcoin on the Coinbase exchange at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the last day of the respective year multiplied by the number of bitcoins held by us at the end of the applicable year.
The amounts reported as “Market Value” in the above table represent only a mathematical calculation consisting of the price for one bitcoin reported on the Coinbase exchange (our principal market) in each scenario defined above multiplied by the number of bitcoins held by us at the end of the applicable year.  Bitcoin and bitcoin markets may be subject to manipulation and the spot price of bitcoin may be subject to fraud and manipulation.  Accordingly, the Market Value amounts reported above may not accurately represent fair market value, and the actual fair market value of our bitcoin may be different from such amounts and such deviation may be material. Moreover, (i) the bitcoin market historically has been characterized by significant volatility in price, limited liquidity and trading volumes compared to sovereign currencies markets, relative anonymity, a developing regulatory landscape, potential susceptibility to market abuse and manipulation, compliance and internal control failures at exchanges, and various other risks that are, or may be, inherent in its entirely electronic, virtual form and decentralized network and (ii) we may not be able to sell our bitcoins at the Market Value amounts indicated above, at the market price as reported on the Coinbase exchange (our principal market) on the date of sale, or at all.
Our digital asset impairment losses have significantly contributed to our operating expenses. During 2024, digital asset impairment losses of $1.790 billion represented 81.8% of our operating expenses, compared to digital asset impairment losses of $115.9 million during 2023, representing 23.1% of our operating expenses. Upon our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, we will no longer recognize impairment losses under the current cost-less-impairment accounting model described in Note 2(g), Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Digital Assets, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In future periods, both realized and unrealized gains and losses from changes in fair value of our bitcoin holdings will be recognized as incurred in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 3, Recent Accounting Standards, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
As of February 14, 2025, we held approximately 478,740 bitcoins that were acquired at an aggregate purchase price of $31.134 billion and an average purchase price of approximately $65,033 per bitcoin, inclusive of fees and expenses. As of February 14, 2025, at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, the market price of one bitcoin reported on the Coinbase exchange was $97,236.98.
Enterprise Analytics Software Strategy
Strategy is a