customers to enhance their ability to fully utilize the features and functionality of our software. These offerings include self-tutorials, custom course development, joint training with customers’ internal staff, and standard course offerings, with pricing dependent on the specific offering delivered.  Education revenues decreased $1.0 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in demand for education services.
Costs and Expenses
Cost of revenues.
The following table sets forth cost of revenues (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Cost of product licenses revenues.
Cost of product licenses revenues consists of referral fees paid to channel partners, the costs of product manuals and media, and royalties paid to third-party software vendors. Cost of product licenses revenues did not materially change during 2024, as compared to the prior year.
Cost of subscription services revenues.
Cost of subscription services revenues consists of equipment, facility and other related support costs (including cloud hosting infrastructure costs), and personnel and related overhead costs. Cost of subscription services revenues increased $10.7 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to a $10.0 million increase in cloud hosting infrastructure costs, which is a result of the increased usage by new and existing cloud subscription services customers.
53
Cost of product support revenues.
Cost of product support revenues consists of personnel and related overhead costs. Cost of product support revenues increased $10.9 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due (i) a $3.7 million increase in salaries and personnel costs, (ii) a $2.8 million increase in variable compensation, (iii) a $1.8 million net increase in share-based compensation expense, (iv) a $1.0 million increase in severance costs due to headcount reductions, and (v) a $0.7 million increase in facility and other related support costs. Other than the increase in severance costs, these changes were primarily attributable to an increase in average staffing levels from the internal transfer of certain employees to product support functions, partially offset by the discontinuance of our Enterprise Support program during 2024, which previously resulted in compensation costs for certain consulting personnel being allocated to cost of product support revenues.
Cost of consulting revenues.
Cost of consulting revenues consists of personnel and related overhead costs. Cost of consulting revenues decreased $2.9 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to (i) a $2.2 million decrease in variable compensation and (ii) a $1.9 million decrease in salaries and personnel costs attributable to a decrease in average staffing levels, partially offset by the discontinuance of our Enterprise Support program (pursuant to which costs associated with certain consulting personnel had been