current level of indebtedness, we may incur substantially more indebtedness and enter into other transactions in the future which could further exacerbate the risks related to our indebtedness
Our bitcoin strategy includes acquiring bitcoin using proceeds from equity and debt financings and cash flows from operations.  As such, despite our current level of indebtedness, we may incur substantially more indebtedness, and we may enter into other transactions in the future. Even if we were to enter into debt or other arrangements that contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions may be subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions that would allow us to incur significant additional indebtedness. To the extent we incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, the risks described herein with respect to our indebtedness may increase significantly.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equi
ty Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company settled $1.05 billion in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes as a result of certain holders electing to convert such notes by issuing class A common stock. 7,373,528 shares of class A common stock were issued in respect of all such conversions during the three months ended March 31, 2025. The shares of class A common stock issued upon conversion of each of the 2027 Convertible Notes were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.
77
Item 5. Other
Information
Rule 10b5-1 Information
None of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act)
adopted
or
terminated
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K) during the quarterly period covered by this report.
Item 6.
Exhibits
78
INDEX TO
EXHIBITS
79
80
SIGNAT
URES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
Date: May 5, 2025
81