government contracts that give public sector customers substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typical for commercial contracts.  These may include rights regarding price protection, the accuracy of information provided to the government, contractor compliance with socio-economic policies, and other terms unique to government contracts.  Governments and government agencies routinely investigate and audit contractors for compliance with these requirements. If, as a result of an audit or review, it is determined that we have failed to comply with these requirements, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including contract termination, forfeiture of profits, fines, treble damages, and suspensions or debarment from future government business and we may suffer harm to our reputation.
Our customers also include foreign governments and government agencies.  Similar procurement, budgetary, contract, and audit risks also apply to these entities.  In addition, compliance with complex regulations and contracting provisions in a variety of jurisdictions can be expensive and consume significant management resources.  In certain jurisdictions, our ability to win business may be constrained by political and other factors unrelated to our competitive position in the market.
If we are unable to recruit or retain skilled personnel, or if we lose the services of Michael J. Saylor, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected
Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, train, assimilate, and retain highly skilled personnel. There has historically been significant competition for qualified employees in the technology industry, and such competition may be further amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for skilled technology workers. We may not be able to retain our current key employees or attract, train, assimilate, and retain other highly skilled personnel in the future, particularly at times when we undergo significant headcount reductions. Our future success also depends in large part on the continued service of Michael J. Saylor, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Chairman. If we were unable to attract, train, assimilate, and retain the highly skilled personnel we need, or we were to lose the services of Mr. Saylor, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. These risks may be exacerbated if a shareholder or a group of affiliated shareholders (other than or not including Mr. Saylor) were to exercise majority voting control of the Company.
Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy or the collection, processing, disclosure, storage, localization, or transmission of personal data, or any actual or perceived failure by us or our third-party service providers to comply with such laws and regulations, contractual