represented 98.5% of our operating expenses. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, digital asset impairment losses of $191.6 million represented 66.3% of our operating expenses.
As of May 2, 2025, we held approximately 555,450 bitcoins that were acquired at an aggregate purchase price of $38.08 billion and an average purchase price of approximately $68,550 per bitcoin, inclusive of fees and expenses. As of May 2, 2025, at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, the market price of one bitcoin reported on the Coinbase exchange was $96,972.
Enterprise Analytics Software Strategy
Strategy is a pioneer in AI-powered business intelligence (BI), and a global leader in enterprise analytics solutions. We provide software and services designed to turn complex, chaotic data environments into rich, reliable, and convenient information feeds for our customers. Our vision is to drive growth and competitive advantage for our customers by delivering Intelligence Everywhere™.
33
Our cloud-native flagship, Strategy One™, powers some of the largest analytics deployments in the world for customers spanning a wide range of industries, including retail, banking, technology, manufacturing, insurance, consulting, healthcare, telecommunications, and the public sector.
Integral to the Strategy One platform are Generative AI capabilities that are designed to automate and accelerate the deployment of AI-enabled applications across the enterprise. By making advanced analytics accessible through conversational AI,  Strategy One provides non-technical users with timely, actionable insights for decision-making.
The analytics market is highly competitive and subject to rapidly changing technology and market conditions.  Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors within and outside of our control.  Some of these factors include software quality, performance and reliability; the quality of our service and support teams; marketing and prospecting effectiveness, the ability to incorporate artificial intelligence and other technically advanced features; and our ability to differentiate our products.
Operating Highlights
The following table sets forth certain operating highlights (in thousands) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
Prior to our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, we incurred significant impairment losses on our digital assets, and we recognized gains upon sale of our digital assets, which were presented net of any impairment losses within operating expenses. However, the accounting for our digital assets changed upon our adoption of ASU 2023-08. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. As a result, fluctuations in the price of bitcoin and fair value changes associated therewith have had and will have a significant impact on our future operating results.
In addition, we base our operating expense budgets on expected revenue trends and strategic