extensions were exercised. Pursuant to the Original Agreement, Mr. Saylor provided during the term of the agreement, from his personal funds, indemnity coverage to the Company for the benefit of the directors and officers (“D&Os”) of the Company and its subsidiaries in the event such coverage was not indemnifiable by the Company, up to a total of $
40
million.
In return, the Company paid Mr. Saylor $
388,945
for each of the initial and successive 90-day terms.
On June 12, 2022, Mr. Saylor and the Company entered into a renewed indemnification agreement (the “Renewed Agreement”) for an initial term of
90
days, which became effective upon the expiration of the final 90-day extension of the Original Agreement.
In return, the Company paid Mr. Saylor a one-time fee of $
388,945
for the initial 90-day term (the “Renewal Payment”).
On June 24, 2022, the Company bound D&O liability insurance policies (the “Initial Commercial Policies”) with several third-party carriers for $
30
million in coverage. Concurrently, Mr. Saylor and the Company also entered into (i) an indemnification agreement (the “Excess Agreement”) for Mr. Saylor to provide $
10
million in excess indemnity coverage payable only after the exhaustion of the Initial Commercial Policies, and (ii) an indemnification agreement (the “2022 Tail Agreement”) for Mr. Saylor to provide $
40
million in indemnity coverage for claims made at any time based on actions or omissions occurring prior to the inception date of the Initial Commercial Policies.
The Company paid Mr. Saylor $
600,000
for a one-year term under the Excess Agreement
, and
$
150,000
for a 90-day term under the 2022 Tail Agreement.
At the option of the Company, the Company was permitted to extend the term under the 2022 Tail Agreement for up to a total of twenty-three additional
90
-day periods, for $
150,000
per additional 90-day term. In connection with the execution of the Initial Commercial Policies and the release of his obligations under the Renewed Agreement, Mr. Saylor refunded the Company $
337,086
, which was the pro rata portion of the Renewal Payment attributable to the period from the date of the Initial Commercial Policies through the end of the original term of the Renewed Agreement.
On August 30, 2022, the Company bound additional D&O liability insurance policies (the “Excess Commercial Policies”) with third-party carriers for $
10
million in excess coverage payable only after the exhaustion of the Initial Commercial Policies.  Effective as of the same date, the Company and Mr. Saylor executed an amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Excess Agreement to limit Mr. Saylor’s obligation to provide indemnification under the Excess Agreement to claims made during the term of the Excess Agreement which arise from wrongful acts occurring upon or after the commencement of the Excess Agreement but prior to the effective date of the Amendment.  In connection with the Amendment, Mr. Saylor refunded $
489,863
to the Company,