digital assets, general lack of familiarity with the processes needed to hold bitcoin directly, as well as the potential reluctance of financial planners and advisers to recommend direct bitcoin holdings to their retail customers because of the manner in which such holdings are custodied, some investors have sought exposure to bitcoin through investment vehicles that hold bitcoin and issue shares representing fractional undivided interests in their underlying bitcoin holdings. These vehicles, which were previously offered only to “accredited investors” on a private placement basis, have in the past traded at substantial premiums to net asset value, possibly due to the relative scarcity of traditional investment vehicles providing investment exposure to bitcoin.
On January 10, 2024, the SEC approved the listing and trading of spot bitcoin ETPs, the shares of which can be sold in public offerings and are traded on U.S. national securities exchanges.  The approved ETPs commenced trading directly to the public on January 11, 2024, with a trading volume of $4.6 billion on the first trading day.  On January 11, 2024, and in the subsequent days following the SEC’s approval of the listing and trading of spot bitcoin ETPs, the trading price of our shares of class A common stock declined significantly relative to the value of our bitcoin.  To the extent investors view our class A common stock as providing exposure to bitcoin, it is possible that the value of our class A common stock may also have included a premium over the value of our bitcoin due to the prior scarcity of traditional investment vehicles providing investment exposure to bitcoin, and that the value declined due to investors now having a greater range of options to gain exposure to bitcoin and investors choosing to gain such exposure through ETPs rather than our class A common stock. Additionally, on May 23, 2024, the SEC approved rule changes permitting the listing and trading of spot ETPs that invest in ether, the main crypto asset supporting the Ethereum blockchain.  The approved spot ETPs commenced trading directly to the public on July 23, 2024.  The listing and trading of spot ETPs for ether offers investors another alternative to gain exposure to digital assets, which could result in a decline in the trading price of bitcoin as well as a decline in the value of our class A common stock relative to the value of our bitcoin, as well as our series A perpetual strike preferred stock.
Although we are an operating company, and we believe we offer a different value proposition than a bitcoin investment vehicle such as a spot bitcoin ETP, investors may nevertheless view our class A common stock as an alternative to an investment in an ETP, and choose to purchase shares of a spot bitcoin ETP instead of our class A common stock. They may do so for a variety of reasons, including if they believe that ETPs offer a “pure play” exposure to bitcoin that is generally not subject to federal income tax