common stock: class A common stock and class B common stock.  Holders of class A common stock generally have the same rights, including rights to dividends, as holders of class B common stock, except that holders of class A common stock have
one
vote per share while holders of class B common stock have
ten
votes per share.
Each share of class B common stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into one share of class A common stock
.  As such, basic and fully diluted earnings per share for class A common stock and for class B common stock are the same.  The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on either class A or class B common stock. As of December 31,
2024 and 2023
, there were
no
shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.
In the first quarter of 2025, the Company issued shares of its series A perpetual strike preferred stock. See Note 18, Subsequent Events
, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. As a result of the preferred stock issuance, potential shares of class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the series A perpetual strike preferred stock computed using the if-converted method would also be included in computing diluted earnings per share when dilutive.
85
(s) Foreign Currency Translation
The functional currency of the Company’s international operations is generally the local currency. Accordingly, such assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries are translated using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period, and revenue and expenses are translated using average monthly exchange rates for the period in which the transactions occur. The related translation adjustments are reported in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” in stockholders’ equity (deficit). In general, upon complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in an international subsidiary, the amount of accumulated translation adjustments attributable to that subsidiary is reclassified from stockholders’ equity (deficit) to the statement of operations. Transaction gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity involved are included in the results of operations.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
, the cumulative foreign currency translation balances were $(
15.4
) million, $(
11.4
) million, and $(
13.8
) million, respectively.
No
taxes were recognized on the temporary differences resulting from foreign currency translation adjustments for the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022.
Transaction gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in foreign currencies resulted in a net gain of $
2.9
million in 2024, net loss of $
5.6
million in 2023, and net gain of $
6.2
million in 2022, respectively, and are included in “Other (expense) income, net” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
(3) Recent Accounting Standards
Crypto Assets
In December 2023, the Financial