disclosed by the Company’s Brazilian subsidiary, which is also one of the defendants in the proceeding. If at the end of the proceeding, SG/CADE’s Tribunal confirms that the Brazilian subsidiary’s obligations under the leniency agreement it signed with SG/CADE have been fulfilled, the Brazilian subsidiary will receive full immunity from fines.
Pursuant to its leniency agreement with the CGU and the AGU, the Brazilian subsidiary (i) paid approximately BRL
6.16
million (equivalent to approximately $
1.1
million) in July 2024, (ii) agreed to certain undertakings regarding its compliance program, and (iii) has been granted immunity from debarment and other sanctions.  As a result of this leniency agreement, the CGU dismissed its pending administrative action against the Brazilian subsidiary over alleged procurement violations.
Pursuant to its leniency agreement with the CGE-SP and PGE-SP, the Brazilian subsidiary (i) paid approximately BRL
2.38
million (equivalent to approximately $
406,000
) in April 2025, and (ii) has been granted immunity from debarment and other sanctions.
The Company’s Brazilian subsidiary continues to cooperate with requests from government authorities related to the above matters. As of March 31, 2025, the Company remained unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss beyond the 2024 third quarter payment and April 2025 payment described above.
Various Legal Proceedings and Contingent Liabilities
The Company is also involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, management does not expect the resolution of these legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
The Company has contingent liabilities that, in management’s judgment, are not probable of assertion. If such unasserted contingent liabilities were to be asserted, or become probable of assertion, the Company may be required to record significant expenses and liabilities in the period in which these liabilities are asserted or become probable of assertion.
(7) Income Taxes
The Company computes its year-to-date provision for (benefit from) income taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date pretax income or loss and adjusts the provision for (benefit from) income taxes for discrete tax items recorded in the period. The estimated effective tax rate is subject to fluctuation based on the level and mix of earnings and losses by tax jurisdiction, foreign tax rate differentials, and the relative impact of permanent book to tax differences. Each quarter, a cumulative adjustment is recorded for any fluctuations in the estimated annual effective tax rate as compared to the prior quarter.
As a result of these factors, and due to potential changes in the Company’s period-to-period results, fluctuations in the Company’s effective tax rate and respective tax