not currently expect to incur any material obligations in the future. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded an indemnification liability on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 or December 31, 2023.
The following table shows future minimum payments related to noncancelable purchase agreements with initial terms of greater than one year and anticipated payments related to the mandatory deemed repatriation transition tax resulting from the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“Transition Tax”) based on the expected due dates of the various installments as of December 31,
2024 (in thousands):
(b) Contingencies
Brazil Matter
Following an internal review initiated in 2018, the Company disclosed its belief that its Brazilian subsidiary failed or likely failed to comply with local procurement regulations in conducting business with certain Brazilian government entities.
In 2020 the Company learned that the Brazilian Federal Police were investigating alleged corruption and procurement fraud involving certain government officials, including a transaction that was part of the basis of the Company’s previously reported failure or likely failure of its Brazilian subsidiary to comply with local procurement regulations. To the best of the Company’s knowledge, this investigation was concluded in 2023. Neither employees of the Company’s Brazilian subsidiary nor the subsidiary itself were targets of the Federal Police investigation.
The Company’s Brazilian subsidiary voluntarily disclosed information from its 2018 internal review to Brazil’s General Superintendence of the Administrative Council for Economic Defense (“SG/CADE”) and to the Federal Comptroller General (“CGU”). Following this voluntary disclosure and cooperation with these agencies, the Company’s Brazilian subsidiary signed leniency agreements with the SG/CADE in September 2020 and with the CGU and the Federal General Attorney’s Office (“AGU”) in July 2024.
In 2023, the SG/CADE launched a public administrative proceeding to investigate potentially anticompetitive conduct by various entities and individuals in Brazil based in part on the information voluntarily disclosed by the Company’s Brazilian subsidiary, which is also one of the defendants in the proceeding. If at the end of the proceeding, SG/CADE’s Tribunal confirms that the Brazilian subsidiary’s
98
obligations under the leniency agreement it signed with SG/CADE have been fulfilled, the Brazilian subsidiary will receive full immunity from fines.
Pursuant to its leniency agreement with the CGU and the AGU, the Brazilian subsidiary (i) paid approximately BRL
6.16
million (equivalent to approximately $
1.1
million) in July 2024, (ii) agreed to certain undertakings regarding its compliance program, and (iii) has been granted immunity from debarment and other sanctions. As a result of this leniency agreement, the CGU dismissed its pending administrative action against the Brazilian subsidiary over alleged procurement violations.
In