Assets Regulation (“MiCA”), a comprehensive digital asset regulatory framework for the issuance and use of digital assets, like bitcoin;
•
in June 2023, the United Kingdom adopted and implemented the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 (“FSMA 2023”), which regulates market activities in “cryptoassets;”
•
in November 2023, Binance Holdings Ltd. and its then chief executive officer reached a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice, CFTC, the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Asset Control, and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to resolve a multi-year investigation by the agencies and a civil suit brought by the CFTC, pursuant to which Binance Holdings Ltd. agreed to, among other things, pay $4.3 billion in penalties across the four agencies and to discontinue its operations in the United States; and
•
in China, the People’s Bank of China and the National Development and Reform Commission have outlawed cryptocurrency mining and declared all cryptocurrency transactions illegal within the country.
While the complaint against Coinbase, Inc. was dismissed in February 2025, the complaint against Payward Inc. and Payward Ventures Inc. was dismissed with prejudice in March 2025, and the complaint against Binance Holdings Ltd. was subject to a 60-day stay as of March 2025, the SEC or other regulatory agencies may initiate similar actions in the future, which could materially impact the price of bitcoin and our ability to own or transfer bitcoin.
It is not possible to predict whether or when new laws will be enacted that change the legal framework governing digital assets or provide additional authorities to the SEC or other regulators, or whether or when any other federal, state or foreign legislative bodies will take any similar actions.  It is also not possible to predict the nature of any such additional laws or authorities, how additional legislation or regulatory oversight might impact the ability of digital asset markets to function, the willingness of financial and other institutions to continue to provide services to the digital assets industry, or how any new laws or regulations, or changes to existing laws or regulations, might impact the value of digital assets generally and bitcoin specifically. The consequences of any new law or regulation relating to digital assets and digital asset activities could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin, as well as our ability to hold or transact in bitcoin, and in turn adversely affect the market price of our listed securities.
Moreover, the risks of engaging in a bitcoin strategy are relatively novel and have created, and could continue to create, complications due to the lack of experience that third parties have with companies engaging in such a strategy, such as increased costs of director and officer liability insurance or the potential inability to obtain such coverage on acceptable terms in the future.
The growth of the digital assets industry in general, and the