financial condition, and could impair our ability to secure additional equity or debt financing in the future. Our inability to secure additional equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms or at all, or to sell our bitcoin in amounts and at prices sufficient to satisfy our financial obligations, including our debt service and cash dividend obligations, could cause us to default under such obligations. Any default on our current or future indebtedness or preferred stock may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See “Risks Related to Our Outstanding and Potential Future Indebtedness” and “Risks Related to Our Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock” for additional details about the risks which may impact us if we are unable to satisfy our debt service and cash dividend obligations.
Unrealized fair value gains on our bitcoin holdings could cause us to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
The U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) in August 2022. Unless an exemption applies, the IRA imposes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”) on a corporation with respect to an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $1 billion. On September 12, 2024, the Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service issued proposed regulations with respect to the application of the CAMT.
On January 1, 2025, we adopted ASU 2023-08. ASU 2023-08 requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial position, with gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin recognized in net income each reporting period. As a result of our adoption of ASU 2023-08, as of January 1, 2025, we are required to apply a cumulative-effect net increase to the opening balance of our retained earnings of $12.745 billion. For purposes of calculating the adjusted financial statement income, we will be required to ratably allocate from 2025 through 2028 this increase to our retained earnings. When determining whether we are subject to CAMT and when calculating any related tax liability for an applicable tax year, the proposed regulations provide that, among other adjustments, our adjusted financial statement income must include this ratable amount in addition to any unrealized gains or losses reported in the applicable tax year.
Accordingly, as a result of the enactment of the IRA and our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, unless the IRA is amended or the proposed regulations with respect to CAMT, when finalized, are revised to provide relief (or other interim relief is granted), we could become subject to the CAMT in the 2026 tax year and beyond. If we become subject to the CAMT, it could result in a material tax obligation that we would need to satisfy in cash, which