future periods, particularly if we incur significant fair value losses related to our digital assets. As a result, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
As of December 31, 2024, we had $1.525 billion of deferred tax assets. The largest deferred tax asset relates to the impairment on our bitcoin holdings, which was reversed upon our adoption of ASU 2023-08. If the market value of bitcoin at a future reporting date is less than the average cost basis of our bitcoin holdings at such reporting date, we may be required to establish a valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets. A significant increase in the valuation allowance could result in a charge that would materially adversely affect net income in the period in which the charge is incurred.
A significant decrease in the market value of our bitcoin holdings could adversely affect our ability to satisfy our financial obligations
As of December 31, 2024, our outstanding indebtedness was $7.274 billion, and our annual contractual interest expense was $35.1 million. Additionally, as of February 14, 2025, we had outstanding series A perpetual strike preferred stock with a liquidation preference of $730.0 million in the aggregate, with respect to which we are required to pay annual dividends of $58.4 million, which we can pay in cash or shares of our class A common stock. As part of our bitcoin strategy, we expect to incur or continue to incur additional indebtedness and other fixed charges. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our enterprise analytics software business did not generate positive cash flow from operations. If our enterprise analytics software business does not generate cash flow in future periods sufficient to satisfy our financial obligations, including our debt and cash dividend obligations, we intend to fund our obligations using cash flow generated by equity or debt financings. Our ability to obtain equity or debt financing may in turn depend on, among other factors, the value of our bitcoin holdings, investor sentiment and the general public perception of bitcoin, our strategy and our value proposition. Accordingly, a significant decline in the market value of our bitcoin holdings or a negative shift in these other factors may create liquidity and credit risks, as such a decline or such shifts may adversely impact our ability to secure sufficient equity or debt financing to satisfy our financial obligations, including our debt and cash dividend obligations. These risks could materialize at times when bitcoin is trading below its carrying value on our most recent balance sheet or our cost basis. As bitcoin constitutes the vast bulk of assets on our balance sheet, if we are unable to secure equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms, or at all, we may be required to sell bitcoin to satisfy these obligations. Any such sale of bitcoin may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and