may be subject to tax with respect to our series A perpetual strike preferred stock under certain circumstances, even though no corresponding distribution of cash has been made
Under Section 305 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), holders of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock may be treated as receiving a deemed distribution on our series A perpetual strike preferred stock under certain circumstances, including (i) an increase in the liquidation preference of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock or (ii) if our series A perpetual strike preferred stock is issued at a discount. If our board of directors does not declare a dividend on our series A perpetual strike preferred stock in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, the deferred dividend may be treated as an increase in the liquidation preference of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock that gives rise to a deemed dividend to holders of
38
our series A perpetual strike preferred stock. Although the matter is not entirely clear, we believe such deferred dividend or discount should not be treated as giving rise to a deemed distribution on our series A perpetual strike preferred stock. However, there is no assurance that the IRS or an applicable withholding agent will not take a contrary position.
In addition, the conversion rate of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. If and to the extent that certain adjustments in the conversion rate (or failures to adjust the conversion rate) increase the proportionate interest of a holder of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock in our assets or earnings and profits, the holder of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock may be deemed to have received for U.S. federal income tax purposes a deemed distribution without the receipt of any cash or property.
Furthermore, upon a conversion of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock into shares of our class A common stock, depending on the circumstances, any class A common stock received in respect of any deferred and unpaid dividend (and any dividend that has been declared and not yet paid as well as any accrued but unpaid dividend in the then-current dividend period) could be treated as a deemed distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Any deemed distribution or any distribution to holders of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock that is paid in shares of our class A common stock will generally be taxable to the same extent as a cash distribution. In addition, for any holder of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock that is a non-U.S. holder, any deemed distribution or non-cash distribution could be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a 30% rate, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable treaty. Because deemed distributions or non-cash distributions received by a holder of our series A perpetual strike