as if the holders exercised their right to require the Company to repurchase all of the respective convertible notes on their respective Date of Holder Put Option.
(6) Commitments and Contingencies
(a) Commitments
From time to time, the Company enters into certain types of contracts that require it to indemnify parties against third-party claims. These contracts primarily relate to agreements under which the Company assumes indemnity obligations for intellectual property infringement or death, bodily harm, or damage to tangible personal property due to the Company’s personnel's gross negligence or willful misconduct in providing contracted services, as well as other obligations from time to time depending on arrangements negotiated with customers and other third parties. The conditions of these obligations vary. Thus, the overall maximum amount of the Company’s indemnification obligations cannot be reasonably estimated. Historically, the Company has not been obligated to make significant payments for these obligations and does not currently expect to incur any material obligations in the future. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded an indemnification liability on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024.
(b) Contingencies
Brazil Matter
Following an internal review initiated in 2018, the Company disclosed its belief that its Brazilian subsidiary failed or likely failed to comply with local procurement regulations in conducting business with certain Brazilian government entities.
In 2020 the Company learned that the Brazilian Federal Police were investigating alleged corruption and procurement fraud involving certain government officials, including a transaction that was part of the basis of the Company’s previously reported failure or likely failure of its Brazilian subsidiary to comply with local procurement regulations. To the best of the Company’s knowledge, this investigation was concluded in 2023. Neither employees of the Company’s Brazilian subsidiary nor the subsidiary itself were targets of the Federal Police investigation.
The Company’s Brazilian subsidiary voluntarily disclosed information from its 2018 internal review to Brazil’s General Superintendence of the Administrative Council for Economic Defense (“SG/CADE”), the Federal Comptroller General (“CGU”), and the Office of the Comptroller General of the State of São Paulo (“CGE-SP”).  Following this voluntary disclosure and cooperation with these agencies, the Company’s Brazilian subsidiary signed leniency agreements with the SG/CADE in September 2020, with the CGU and the Federal General Attorney’s Office (“AGU”) in July 2024, and with the CGE-SP and the Office of the Attorney General of the State of São Paulo (“PGE-SP”) in April 2025.
15
In 2023, the SG/CADE launched a public administrative proceeding to investigate potentially anticompetitive conduct by various entities and individuals in Brazil based in part on the information voluntarily