the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs of $1.9 million due to headcount reductions, partially offset by a $0.7 million increase in billable hours from outside contractor labor costs.
Cost of education revenues.
Cost of education revenues consists of personnel and related overhead costs. Cost of education revenues did not materially change for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same periods in the prior year.
Sales and marketing expenses.
Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel costs, commissions, office facilities, travel, advertising, public relations programs, and promotional events, such as trade shows, seminars, and technical conferences. The following table sets forth sales and marketing expenses (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Sales and marketing expenses decreased $5.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to a $2.4 million decrease in employee salaries and related benefits primarily attributable to a decrease in average staffing levels and a $3.5 million net decrease in share-based compensation expense primarily attributable to the forfeiture of certain awards.
Research and development expenses.
Research and development expenses consist of the personnel costs for our software engineering personnel and related overhead costs. The following table summarizes research and development expenses (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Research and development expenses decreased $4.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to (i) a $4.0 million decrease in employee salaries and bonuses primarily attributable to a decrease in average staffing levels, and (ii) a $3.9 million net decrease in share-based compensation expense primarily due to the forfeiture of certain awards, partially offset by a (iii) a $3.1 million increase in severance costs due to headcount reductions.
General and administrative expenses.
General and administrative expenses consist of personnel and related overhead costs, and other costs of our executive, finance, human resources, information systems, and administrative departments, as well as third-party consulting, legal, and other professional fees, and third-party costs associated with our digital asset holdings. The following table sets forth general and administrative expenses (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
General and administrative expenses increased $5.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to (i) a $3.4 million increase in bitcoin custody fees; (ii) a $3.4 million increase related to various bitcoin advocacy initiatives, including political contributions and sponsorships; (iii) a $1.6 million increase in costs related to