received deduction it receives. If Additional Shares issued are considered disqualified preferred stock, our previously issued series A perpetual strike preferred stock could also be subject to same treatment as a practical matter due to fungible trading.
If any Additional Shares are sold at a discount (or at a discount that exceeds the discount that applies to our previously issued series A perpetual strike preferred stock), such Additional Shares may be subject to rules that require the accrual of such discount (or such greater discount) currently over the deemed term of the Additional Shares as deemed distributions under U.S. tax rules similar to those governing original issue discount for debt instruments. In that event, the IRS or a withholding agent may treat any such discount as resulting in deemed taxable distributions with respect to our previously issued series A perpetual strike preferred stock as well as such Additional Shares.
Because the IRS or other parties (such as withholding agents) may not be able to distinguish between our previously issued series A perpetual strike preferred stock and the Additional Shares, a holder of series A perpetual strike preferred stock might be subject to adverse tax consequences or might be required to demonstrate to the IRS (or such other parties) that the holder purchased our series A perpetual strike preferred stock as opposed to such Additional Shares. Moreover, any adverse tax consequences as described above in connection with the future issuance of Additional Shares may adversely affect the market value of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock.
Provisions of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us
Certain provisions in our series A perpetual strike preferred stock could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then, subject to certain exceptions, preferred stockholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their series A perpetual strike preferred stock for cash. These fundamental change provisions
40
could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that preferred stockholders or holders of our class A common stock may view as favorable.
The accounting method for our series A perpetual strike preferred stock may result in lower reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders and lower reported diluted earnings per share
The accounting method for reflecting the conversion and other provisions of our series A perpetual strike preferred stock in our financial statements may adversely affect our reported earnings. We expect that applicable accounting standards may require us to separately account for the tax redemption feature associated with our series A perpetual strike preferred stock as an embedded