support, as well as consulting and education services. Our primary uses of cash in operating activities are for personnel-related expenditures for software development, personnel-related expenditures for providing consulting, education, and subscription services, and for sales and marketing costs, general and administrative costs, interest expense related to our long-term debt arrangements, and income taxes. Non-cash items to further reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities consist primarily of depreciation and amortization, reduction in the carrying amount of operating lease right-of-use assets, deferred taxes, release of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, share-based compensation expense, unrealized loss or gain on digital assets, digital asset impairment losses and amortization of the issuance costs on our long-term debt.
Net cash used in operating activities increased $31.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, due to a $4.164 billion increase in net loss and a $15.1 million decrease from changes in operating assets and liabilities, which was partially offset by a $4.148 billion increase in non-cash items (principally related to unrealized losses on digital assets). In particular, our cash from operations has been negatively impacted by our continued transition of customers to subscription services offerings, which has resulted in (i) reduced cash collections due to invoicing over multiple years, (ii) increased commissions to our sales team to incentivize cloud migrations, and (iii) increased costs of our cloud infrastructure to support increased usage. We have also incurred additional bitcoin advocacy costs and custodial fees as we continue to pursue our bitcoin strategy. Our interest payments for the three months ended March 31, 2025 have increased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to the issuances of the 2028 Convertible Notes, 2030A Convertible Notes, 2031 Convertible Notes, and 2032 Convertible Notes.
Net cash used in investing activities.
The changes in net cash used in investing activities primarily relate to purchases of digital assets, advance deposits on a new corporate aircraft, and expenditures on property and equipment. Net cash used in investing activities increased $6.030 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to a $6.022 billion increase in purchases of bitcoins and a $6.0 million deposit on a new corporate aircraft. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we purchased $7.662 billion of bitcoin using net proceeds from the issuances of our 2030B Convertible Notes, net proceeds from the public offering of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, net proceeds from the public offering of our Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, net proceeds from the sale of class A common stock under our at-the-market common stock equity