following table summarizes the Company’s digital asset purchases, losses (gains) on digital assets as calculated after the adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, and digital asset impairment losses as calculated prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-08 (in thousands, except number of bitcoins) for the periods indicated. The Company did
no
t sell any of its bitcoins during the
three months ended March 31, 2025 or 2024, respectively.
From time to time, the Company’s execution partners may extend short-term credits to the Company to purchase bitcoin in advance of using cash funds in the Company’s trading account, or allow the Company to make bitcoin purchases on a delayed settlement basis. Trade credits and delayed settlements, as applicable, are due and payable after the bitcoin purchases are completed. In the first quarter of 2025, certain bitcoin of the Company and MacroStrategy LLC (“MacroStrategy”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,  and in 2024, certain bitcoin of MacroStrategy, were subject to a first priority security interest and lien in order to secure payments owed by the Company with respect to these arrangements. While trade credits or delayed settlements are outstanding, the Company may incur interest fees and be required to maintain minimum balances in its trading and custody accounts with such execution partners. As of March 31, 2025, the Company had no outstanding trade credits payable.
The vast majority of the Company’s assets are concentrated in its bitcoin holdings. Bitcoin is a digital asset, which is a novel asset class that is subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty. Holding bitcoin does not generate any cash flows and involves custodial fees and other costs. Additionally, the price of bitcoin has historically experienced significant price volatility, and a significant decrease in the price of bitcoin would adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s strategy of acquiring and holding bitcoin also exposes it to counterparty risks with respect to the custody of its bitcoin, cybersecurity risks, and other risks inherent to holding a digital asset. In particular, the Company is subject to the risk that, if its private keys with respect to its digital assets are lost or destroyed or other similar circumstances or events occur, the Company may lose some or all of its digital assets, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.
(4) Contract Balances
The Company invoices its customers in accordance with billing schedules established in each contract. The Company’s rights to consideration from customers are presented separately in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets depending on whether those rights are conditional or unconditional.
The Company presents unconditional rights to consideration from customers within “Accounts receivable, net” in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. All of