service contract arrangements, we generally do not invoice more than one year in advance of services and do not record deferred revenue for amounts that have not been invoiced. Revenue is subsequently recognized in the period(s) in which control of the software or services is transferred to the customer.
40
The following table summarizes deferred revenue and advance payments (in thousands), as of:
The portions of multi-year contracts that will be invoiced in the future are not presented on the balance sheet in “Accounts receivable, net” and “Deferred revenue and advance payments” and instead are included in the remaining performance obligation disclosure below. Total deferred revenue and advance payments decreased $23.3 million as of March 31, 2025, as compared to December 31, 2024, primarily due to (i) a decrease in deferred revenue from subscription services contracts, (ii) a decrease in deferred product support revenue due to the timing of product support renewals and an increase in conversions from on-premises to subscription services contracts, and (iii) decreases in deferred other services revenue and deferred product licenses revenues. Total deferred revenue and advance payments decreased $2.8 million as of March 31, 2025, as compared to March 31, 2024, primarily due to (i) a decrease in deferred product support revenue from an increase in conversions from on-premises to subscription services contracts, partially offset by (ii) an increase in deferred revenue from subscription services contracts.
Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract and includes deferred revenue and advance payments and billable non-cancellable amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. The remaining performance obligation excludes contracts that are billed in arrears, such as certain time and materials contracts. As of March 31, 2025, we had an aggregate transaction price of $442.8 million allocated to the remaining performance obligation related to subscription services, product support, product licenses, and other services contracts. We expect to recognize approximately $275.8 million of the remaining performance obligation over the next 12 months and the remainder thereafter. However, the timing and ultimate recognition of our deferred revenue and advance payments and other remaining performance obligations depend on our satisfaction of various performance obligations, and the amount of deferred revenue and advance payments and remaining performance obligations at any date should not be considered indicative of revenues for any succeeding period.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Liquidity
Principal and Potential Sources of Liquidity
Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and on-going collection of our accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents may include holdings in bank demand deposits, money market instruments, certificates of deposit, and U.S. Treasury