the Company, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Under the oversight of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  Based on its assessment, management has determined that, as of December 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.
Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, which audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting.  This report is included in the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in “Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.”
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B.        Othe
r Information
2024 Cash Bonus Determinations for Certain Executive Officers
On February 17, 2025, the Company’s Compensation Committee determined cash bonus awards for the following executive officers of the Company in the amounts set forth opposite their names, with respect to their performance in 2024:
66
The Company’s Compensation Committee determined the foregoing awards based on its subjective evaluation of the performance of these executive officers in the context of general economic and industry conditions and Company performance during 2024.
Salary Determinations for Certain Executive Officers
On February 17, 2025, the Company’s Compensation Committee approved the annual salaries of the following executive officers of the Company, in the amounts set forth opposite their names, effective January 1, 2025:
Annual Discretionary Cash Bonus Targets for Certain Executive Officers
On February 17, 2025, the Company’s Compensation Committee established an annual discretionary cash bonus target for 2025 for the following executive officers of the Company in the amounts set forth opposite