are relatively fixed. We may be unable to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any unexpected shortfall in our cash flow. Accordingly, we may be required to take actions to pay expenses, such as selling bitcoin or using proceeds from equity or debt financings, some of which could significantly impact our operating results in any period. We therefore believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be a good indication of our future performance.
50
Share-based Compensation Expense
As discussed in Note 11, Share-based Compensation, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under our 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended, the “2013 Equity Plan”) and 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the “2023 Equity Plan”, and together with the 2013 Equity Plan, the “Stock Incentive Plans”), we have awarded stock options to purchase shares of our class A common stock, restricted stock units, performance stock units, and certain other stock-based awards. Each restricted stock unit and performance stock unit represents a contingent right to receive a share of our class A common stock upon the satisfaction of applicable vesting requirements. We also provide opportunities for eligible employees to purchase shares of our class A common stock under our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “2021 ESPP”).  Share-based compensation expense (in thousands) from these awards was recognized in the following cost of revenues and operating expense line items for the periods indicated:
The $7.6 million increase in share-based compensation expense during 2024, as compared to the prior year, is primarily due to the grant of additional awards under the Stock Incentive Plans, partially offset by the forfeiture of certain awards and certain awards that became fully vested. As of December 31, 2024, we estimated that an aggregate of approximately $114.3 million of additional share-based compensation expense associated with the Stock Incentive Plans and the 2021 ESPP will be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of 2.3 years.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our significant accounting policies. As described in Note 2, the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and equity, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results and outcomes could differ from these estimates and assumptions.
Critical accounting estimates involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and are estimates that have had