the future would also have the effect of further subordinating our class A common stock.
Holders of our preferred stock may be treated as receiving deemed distributions and holders of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock may receive distributions paid in class A common stock, and consequently may be subject to tax with respect to our preferred stock under certain circumstances even though no corresponding distribution of cash has been made
Under Section 305 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), holders of our preferred stock may be treated as receiving a deemed distribution on our preferred stock under certain circumstances, including (i) an increase in the liquidation preference of our preferred stock or (ii) if our preferred stock is issued at a discount. The liquidation preference of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock is subject to adjustment in the manner described in the Strife Certificate of Designations, which adjustments may result in an increase in the liquidation preference. In addition, if our board of directors does not declare a dividend on our preferred stock in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, the deferred dividend may be treated as an increase in the liquidation preference of our preferred stock. In either case, any increase in the liquidation preference could give rise to a deemed dividend to holders of our preferred stock. Although the matter is not entirely clear, we believe any deferred dividend or discount on our preferred stock should not be treated as giving rise to a deemed distribution on our preferred stock, and any adjustment of the liquidation preference of the Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock in accordance with its terms should not be treated as giving rise to a deemed distribution on our Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock. However, there is no assurance that the IRS or an applicable withholding agent will not take a contrary position.
In addition, the conversion rate of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. If and to the extent that certain adjustments in the conversion rate (or failures to adjust the conversion rate) increase the proportionate interest of a holder of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock in our assets or earnings and profits, the holder of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock may be deemed to have received for U.S. federal income tax purposes a deemed distribution without the receipt of any cash or property.
Furthermore, upon a conversion of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock into shares of our class A common stock, depending on the circumstances, any class A common stock received in respect of any deferred and unpaid dividend (and any dividend that has been declared and not yet paid as well as any accrued but unpaid dividend in the then-current dividend period) could be treated as a deemed distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Any deemed distribution on our preferred stock or