purchases and sales of digital assets. See Note 3, Recent Accounting Standards, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Company’s adoption of
Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-08, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets
, effective January 1, 2025, and resulting changes to the Company’s accounting policy for digital assets.
(h) Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:
three years
for computer equipment and purchased software;
five years
for office equipment;
10
years for office furniture; and
19
years for the Company’s corporate aircraft, which has an estimated salvage value of
21
%. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the improvements or the term of the lease, whichever is shorter.  The Company periodically evaluates the appropriateness of the estimated useful lives and salvage value of all property and equipment.  Any change in the estimated useful life or salvage value is treated as a change in estimate and accounted for prospectively in the period of change.
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are retired or sold, the capitalized cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the property and equipment accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations.
Eligible internal-use software development costs are capitalized subsequent to the completion of the preliminary project stage. Such costs include external direct material and service costs, employee payroll, and payroll-related costs. After all substantial testing and deployment is completed and the software is ready for its intended use, capitalization ceases and internal-use software development costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, generally
three years
.
The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate.  Each impairment test is based on a comparison of the undiscounted cash flows to the recorded value of the asset.  If an asset is impaired, the asset is written down by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the related fair value of the asset.
(i) Leases
A lease is a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to both (i) obtain economic benefits from and (ii) direct the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.  The Company evaluates its contracts to determine if they contain a lease and classifies any lease components