estimation uncertainty and are estimates that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We consider certain estimates and judgments related to revenue recognition to be critical accounting estimates for us, as discussed under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. There have been no significant changes in such estimates and judgments since December 31, 2024.
35
Results of Operations
Comparison of the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
Revenues
Except as otherwise indicated herein, the term “domestic” refers to operations in the United States and Canada and the term “international” refers to operations outside of the United States and Canada.
Product licenses and subscription services revenues.
The following table sets forth product licenses and subscription services revenues (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Product licenses revenues.
Product licenses revenues decreased $5.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to an overall decrease in the volume and average size of deals. Our product licenses revenues may continue to experience declines in future periods as we continue to promote our cloud offering to new and existing customers.
Subscription services revenues.
Subscription services revenues are derived from our Cloud subscription service and are recognized ratably over the service period in the contract. Subscription services revenues increased $14.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to conversions to cloud-based subscriptions from existing on-premises customers (including a larger number of conversions for International customers), a net increase in the use of subscription services by existing customers, and sales contracts with new customers. We expect our subscription services revenues to continue to grow in future periods as we continue to promote our cloud offering to new and existing customers.
Product support revenues.
The following table sets forth product support revenues (in thousands) and related percentage changes for the periods indicated:
Product support revenues are derived from providing technical software support and software updates and upgrades to customers. Product support revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the contract, which is generally one year. Product support revenues decreased $10.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to certain existing customers converting from perpetual product licenses with separate support contracts to our subscription services offerings. Our product support