elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our class A common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Furthermore, even if holders do not elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the applicable Convertible Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital.
We use funds from our subsidiaries in order to meet our cash needs and service our indebtedness, including the Convertible Notes and our other long-term indebtedness, and certain of our subsidiaries holding digital assets may not provide any dividends, distributions, or other payments to us to fund our obligations and meet our cash needs
We receive dividends, distributions, and other payments from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, including those arising under the Convertible Notes, and our other long-term indebtedness, and meet our cash needs. The operating results of our subsidiaries at any given time may not be sufficient to make dividends, distributions, or other payments to us in order to allow us to make payments on the Convertible Notes, and our other long-term indebtedness. In addition, dividends, distributions, or other payments, as well as other transfers of assets, between our subsidiaries and from our subsidiaries to us may be subject to legal, regulatory, or contractual restrictions, which may materially adversely affect our ability to transfer cash within our consolidated companies and our ability to meet our cash needs and service our indebtedness.
Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may incur substantially more indebtedness and enter into other transactions in the future which could further exacerbate the risks related to our indebtedness
Our bitcoin strategy includes acquiring bitcoin using proceeds from equity and debt financings and cash flows from operations.  As such, despite our current level of indebtedness, we may incur substantially more indebtedness, and we may enter into other transactions in the future. Even if we were to enter into debt financings or other arrangements that contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions may be subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions that would allow us to incur significant additional indebtedness. To the extent we incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, the risks described herein with respect to our indebtedness may increase significantly.
Item 1B.        Unresolv
ed Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.        Cybersecurity
As part of our cybersecurity risk management framework, we have implemented comprehensive Corporate Incident Response Plans (IRPs) and