an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $
1
billion. On September 12, 2024, the Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service issued proposed regulations with respect to the application of the CAMT. For purposes of calculating the adjusted financial statement income, the Company will be required to ratably allocate the increase to the Company’s retained earnings over a four year period, from 2025 through 2028. When determining whether the Company is subject to CAMT and when calculating any related tax liability for an applicable tax year, the proposed regulations provide that, among other adjustments, the Company’s adjusted financial statement income must include this ratable amount in addition to any unrealized gains or losses reported in the applicable tax year. Accordingly, as a result of the enactment of the IRA and the Company’s adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, unless the IRA is amended or the proposed regulations, when finalized, are revised to provide relief (or other interim relief is granted), the Company could become subject to CAMT in the tax years 2026 and beyond. If the Company becomes subject to the CAMT, it could result in a material tax obligation that the Company would need to satisfy in cash, which could materially affect its financial results, including its earnings and cash flow, and its financial condition.
(c) Redeemable Preferred Stock
In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 480,
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
, the shares of 8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock (“Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock”) and 10.00% Series A Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock (“Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock”) are classified within mezzanine equity, as certain events that could cause such shares to become redeemable are not solely within the control of the Company. The shares are initially recognized based on proceeds received, net of issuance costs, and are not accreted to their redemption value unless it becomes probable that the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock will become redeemable. Refer to Note 9, Redeemable Preferred Stock
for further discussion.
(d) Segment Reporting
The Company has adopted ASU 2023-07
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
(“ASU 2023-07”) for the year ended December 31, 2024, and for interim periods beginning January 1, 2025 as reflected in Note 12, Segment Information
, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, including retroactive application to all prior periods presented. Refer to Note, 3 Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the Company’s financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 for further discussion.
(2) Recent Accounting Standards
Income Taxes
In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.