2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
(“ASU 2023-09”). ASU 2023-09 requires enhanced disclosures surrounding income taxes, particularly related to rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. In particular, on an annual basis, companies will be required to disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. Companies will also be required to disclose, on an annual basis, the amount of income taxes paid, disaggregated by federal, state, and foreign taxes, and also disaggregated by individual jurisdictions above a quantitative threshold. The standard is effective for the Company for ann
ual periods beginning January 1, 2025 on a prospective basis, with retrospective application permitted for all prior periods presented. The Company will adopt ASU 2023-09 for the annual period ending December 31, 2025 and is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its disclosures.
(3) Digital Assets
The Company accounts for its digital assets, which are comprised solely of bitcoin, as indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350,
Intangibles—Goodwill and Other
and ASU 2023-08. The Company’s digital assets are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to the Company’s adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, bitcoin assets are measured at fair value as of each reporting period. The Company determines the fair value of its bitcoin in accordance with ASC 820,
Fair Value Measurement,
based on quoted (unadjusted) prices on the Coinbase exchange, the active exchange that the Company has determined is its principal market for bitcoin (Level 1 inputs). Changes in fair value are recognized as incurred in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations, within “Unrealized loss on digital assets”, within operating expenses in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-08, the Company’s digital assets were initially recorded at cost, and subsequently measured at cost, net of any impairment losses incurred since acquisition. Impairment losses were recognized as “Digital asset impairment losses” in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations in the period in which the impairment occurred. Gains (if any) were not recorded until realized upon sale, at which point they were presented net of any impairment losses in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.
7
The following table summarizes the Company’s digital asset holdings (in thousands, except number of bitcoins), as of:
The carrying value on the Company’s consolidated Balance Sheet at each period-end prior to the adoption of ASC 2023-08 represented the lowest fair value (based on Level 1 inputs in the fair value hierarchy) of the bitcoin at any time since their acquisition. Therefore, these fair value measurements were made during the period from their acquisition through December 31, 2024.
The