million of the respective net carrying values were short-term and presented in "Current portion of long-term debt, net" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Maturities
The following table shows the maturities of the Company’s debt instruments as of December 31, 2024 (in thousands). The principal payments related to the 2028 Convertible Notes, 2029 Convertible Notes, 2030 Convertible Notes, 2031 Convertible Notes, and 2032 Convertible Notes are included in the table below as if the holders exercised their right to require the Company to repurchase all of the respective convertible notes on their respective Date of Holder Put Option.
97
As part of the Company’s bitcoin strategy, the Company expects to incur or continue to incur additional indebtedness and other fixed charges for the purposes of acquiring additional bitcoin and to satisfy its financial and other obligations.  The Company’s ability to obtain equity and debt financing is subject to market conditions and other factors outside of its control, and the Company may not be able to secure equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms, or at all.  If the Company is unable to obtain equity or debt financing, the Company could seek to use proceeds from the sale of its bitcoin to meet its obligations.  Historically, the bitcoin market has been characterized by significant volatility in price, limited liquidity and trading volumes compared to sovereign currencies markets, relative anonymity, a developing regulatory landscape, potential susceptibility to market abuse and manipulation, compliance and internal control failures at exchanges, and various other risks inherent in its entirely electronic, virtual form and decentralized network. During times of market instability, the Company may not be able to sell its bitcoin at favorable prices or at all. As a result, the Company’s bitcoin holdings may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for the Company to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents. Further, the Company’s bitcoin holdings do not enjoy the same protections as are available to cash or securities deposited with or transacted by institutions subject to regulation by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
(9) Commitments and Contingencies
(a) Commitments
From time to time, the Company enters into certain types of contracts that require it to indemnify parties against third-party claims.  These contracts primarily relate to agreements under which the Company assumes indemnity obligations for intellectual property infringement, as well as other obligations from time to time depending on arrangements negotiated with customers and other third parties.  The conditions of these obligations vary.  Thus, the overall maximum amount of the Company’s indemnification obligations cannot be reasonably estimated.  Historically, the Company has not been obligated to make significant payments for these obligations and does