realization of these deferred tax assets primarily due to the fact that the excess of the market value of the Company’s bitcoin over the cost basis of the Company’s bitcoin as of December 31, 2024 results in a significant built-in gain for tax purposes and is therefore a source of future taxable income that is expected to allow all of the U.S. net deferred tax assets to be realized. As part of the assessment of the amount of the valuation allowance, the Company considered that it has the ability and intent to execute tax planning strategies if necessary, including selling bitcoin with a built-in gain.
After consideration of all available evidence, the Company has concluded that, as of December 31, 2024, it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets, with the exception of certain foreign tax credits for which a valuation allowance has been established, will be realized. If the market value of bitcoin declines in future periods, the Company would need to assess other sources of forecasted taxable income of proper character, which could result in additional valuation allowances being recorded.
102
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had income taxes payable of $
9.5
million recorded in "Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and operating lease liabilities" in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31,
2023
, the Company had income taxes receivable of $
15.3
million recorded in “Prepaid expenses and other current assets” in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had gross unrecognized income tax benefits of $
10.2
million, including accrued interest, $
2.9
million of which was recorded in “Other long-term liabilities” and $
7.3
million of which was recorded in “Deferred tax assets, net” in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The change in unrecognized income tax benefits (in thousands) is presented in the table below for the periods indicated:
If recognized, $
10.0
million of the gross unrecognized income tax benefits as of December 31,
2024 would impact the Company’s effective tax rate.  Over the next 12 months, the amount of the Company’s liability for unrecognized income tax benefits shown above is not expected to change materially. The Company recognizes estimated accrued interest related to unrecognized income tax benefits in the (benefit from) provision for income taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company released or recognized an immaterial amount of accrued interest. The amount of accumulated accrued interest related to the above unrecognized income tax benefits was approximately $
0.2
million and $
0.4
million as of December 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Company files tax returns in numerous foreign countries as well as the United States and its tax returns may be subject to audit by tax authorities in all countries in which it files.  Each country has its own statute of limitations for making assessment of additional tax