identified as an operating or finance lease.  For each lease component, the Company recognizes a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and a lease liability.  ROU assets and lease liabilities are presented separately for operating and finance leases; however, the Company currently has no material finance leases.  The Company’s operating leases are primarily related to office space in the United States and foreign locations.
In a contract that contains a lease, a component is an item or activity that transfers a good or service to the lessee.  Such contracts may be comprised of lease components, non-lease components, and elements that are not components.  Each lease component represents a lessee’s right to use an underlying asset in the contract if the lessee can benefit from the right of use of the asset either on its own or together with other readily available resources and if the right of use is neither highly dependent nor highly interrelated with other rights of use. Non-lease components include items such as common area maintenance and utilities provided by the lessor.  The Company has elected the practical expedient to not separate lease components from non-lease components for office space, which is the Company’s only material underlying asset class.  For each lease within this asset class, the non-lease components and related lease components are accounted for as a single lease component.  Items or activities that do not transfer goods or services to the lessee, such as administrative tasks to set up the contract and reimbursement or payment of lessor costs, are not components of the contract and therefore no contract consideration is allocated to such items or activities.
Consideration in the contract is comprised of any fixed payments and variable payments that depend on an index or rate. Payments in the Company’s operating lease arrangements are typically comprised of base office rent and parking fees.  Costs related to the Company’s non-lease components, as described above, are generally variable and do not depend on an index or rate and are therefore excluded from the contract consideration allocated to the lease components.  The Company’s operating lease arrangements generally do not contain any payments related to items or activities that are not components.
Operating lease liabilities are initially and subsequently measured at the present value of unpaid lease payments, discounted at the discount rate of the lease.  Operating lease ROU assets are initially measured as the sum of the initial lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred, and any prepaid lease payments, less any lease incentives received.  The ROU asset is amortized over the term of the lease. The amortization of operating lease ROU assets is included in “Reduction in carrying amount of right-of-use assets” within the operating activities section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. A single lease expense is recorded within operating expenses in the Consolidated