their names:
Awards pursuant to the foregoing discretionary cash bonus target will be determined by the Company’s Compensation Committee based on its subjective evaluation of the performance of each of the executive officers in the context of general economic and industry conditions and the Company’s performance and achievement of its operational objectives during the year.
Rule 10b5-1 Information
None of our directors or officers
adopted
or
terminated
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the fourth quarter of 2024.
Item 9C.        Disclosure Regarding Foreign J
urisdictions that Prevent Inspections
None.
67
PART
III
Item 10.        Directors, Executive Of
ficers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the headings “Executive Officers of the Company,” “Election of Directors – Nominees,” and “Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors and its Committees” in our definitive proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the “2025 Proxy Statement”).
Item 11.        Executi
ve Compensation
The information required by this Item (other than the information required by Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K) is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the headings “Executive and Director Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report,” and “Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors and its Committees – Compensation Committee” in the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Item 12.        Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow
ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Executive and Director Compensation – Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Item 13.        Certain Relationships and Relate
d Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the heading “Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors and its Committees” in the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Item 14.        Principal Accou
ntant Fees and Services
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the heading “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services” in the 2025 Proxy Statement.
68
PART
IV
Item 15.        Exhibits, Financ
ial Statement Schedules
(a)     The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report:
(b)     Exhibits
We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the Index to Exhibits.
(c)     Financial Statement Schedule
The following financial statement