The Company analyzes the option price against the previously established SSP of the goods or services to determine if the options represent material rights that should be accounted for as separate performance obligations.  In general, an option sold at or above SSP is not considered a material right because the customer could have received that right without entering into the contract.  If a material right exists, revenue associated with the option is deferred and recognized when the future goods or services are transferred, or when the option expires. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
, separate performance obligations arising from future purchase options have not been material.
(o) Incremental Costs to Obtain Customer Contracts
The Company capitalizes costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer when they are deemed incremental to obtaining the contract and expected to be recoverable. Capitalizable costs are generally limited to sales incentives paid to the Company’s sales team. The Company capitalizes the amounts related to new product support, cloud subscription, and term license contracts. Co
sts capitalized are amortized over a period of time that is consistent with the pattern of transfer to the customer, which the Company has determined is generally
three years
and includes consideration for contract length, anticipated renewals, product life cycle, and customer behavior. The Company amortizes the cost over this period on a straight-line basis for product support and subscription service components, and at point(s) in time coinciding with delivery of the license component of term license contracts. The Company has elected the practical expedient to expense capitalizable costs as incurred where the amortization period would be one year or less, which includes those amounts earned on perpetual license, consulting, and education contracts, and renewals of product support, cloud subscription, and term license contracts, if applicable.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023
, capitalized costs to obtain customer contracts, net of accumulated amortization, were $
48.3
million and $
15.7
million, respectively, and are presented within “Deposits and other assets” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  During the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022
, amortization expenses related to these capitalized costs were $
12.3
million, $
8.1
million, and $
4.5
million, respectively, and are reflected within “Sales and marketing” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
(p) Share-based Compensation
The Company maintains the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended, the “2013 Equity Plan”), and the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2023 Equity Plan,” and, together with the 2013 Equity Plan, the “Stock Incentive Plans”). As of May 2023, no new awards will be granted under the 2013 Equity Plan, though awards previously granted under the 2013 Equity Plan remain outstanding in accordance with their terms. Under the Stock