obligations over the next twelve months. However, we anticipate being able to use proceeds from equity or debt financing to meet these obligations. Our ability to obtain equity and debt financing is subject to market conditions and other factors outside of our control, and we may not be able to obtain equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms, or at all. Although we do not anticipate needing to use our bitcoin to meet our short-term obligations, to the extent necessary, we would seek to use proceeds from the sale of our bitcoin to meet such obligations.  See “—Availability of Bitcoin for Liquidity” below and “Item 1A. Risk Factors— Risks Related to Our Business in General— A significant decrease in the market value of our bitcoin holdings could adversely affect our ability to satisfy our financial obligations” for additional information.
Long-Term Liquidity.
Beyond the next 12 months, our long-term cash requirements are primarily for obligations related to our long-term debt and for payment of dividends on the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock (to the extent that we do not pay such dividends in the form of shares of our class A common stock) and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock. We also have long-term cash requirements for obligations related to our operating leases, delivery of our new corporate aircraft, our various purchase agreements, and potentially CAMT. We expect our cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2025, together with cash and cash equivalents generated by our operations, will not be sufficient to satisfy these obligations. As a result, we would seek to satisfy these obligations through various options that we expect to be available to us, such as refinancing our debt or generating cash from other sources, which may include proceeds from equity or debt financings, or the sale of our bitcoin. See “—Availability of Bitcoin for Liquidity” below and “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business in General—A significant decrease in the market value of our bitcoin holdings could adversely affect our ability to satisfy our financial obligations” for additional information.
Furthermore, if the conditional conversion features of the Outstanding Convertible Notes are triggered, we may elect to settle the conversions of such Outstanding Convertible Notes in shares of our class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of class A common stock, rather than in all cash, which may enable us to reduce the amount of our cash obligations under the Outstanding Convertible Notes.
In addition, while the 2028 Convertible Notes, the 2029 Convertible Notes, the 2030A Convertible Notes, the 2030B Convertible Notes, the 2031 Convertible Notes, and the 2032 Convertible Notes have maturity dates of September 15, 2028, December 1, 2029, March 15, 2030, March 1, 2030, March 15, 2031, and June 15, 2032, respectively, the holders of the Outstanding Convertible Notes each have the right to require us to repurchase for cash