to each performance obligation in a contract based on its relative SSP.  The SSP is the price, or estimated price, of the software or service when sold on a standalone basis at contract inception.  In circumstances where SSP is not directly observable, the Company estimates SSP using the following methodologies:
(i)
Product licenses – Product licenses are not sold on a standalone basis and pricing is highly variable.  The Company establishes SSP of product licenses using a residual approach after first establishing the SSP of standard product support.  Standard product support is sold on a standalone basis within a narrow range of the stated net license fee, and because an economic relationship exists between product licenses and standard product support, the Company has concluded that the residual method to estimate SSP of product licenses sold on both a perpetual and term basis is a fair allocation of the transaction price.
(ii)
Subscription services – Given the highly variable selling price of subscription services, the Company establishes the SSP of its subscription services arrangements using a similar residual approach after first establishing the SSP of consulting and
83
education services to the extent they are included in the arrangement. The Company has concluded that the residual method to estimate SSP of its subscription services is a fair allocation of the transaction price.
(iii)
Standard product support – The Company establishes SSP of standard product support as a percentage of the stated net license fee, given such pricing is consistent with its normal pricing practices and there exists sufficient history of customers renewing standard product support on a standalone basis at similar percentages.  Semi-annually, the Company tracks renewal rates negotiated when standard product support is initially sold with a perpetual license in order to determine the SSP of standard product support within each geographic region for the upcoming quarter. If the stated standard product support fee falls within the SSP range, the specific rate in the contract will be used to determine SSP. If the stated fee is above or below SSP, the highest or lowest end of the range, respectively, will generally be used to determine SSP of standard product support for perpetual licenses. For term licenses, the Company determines SSP of standard product support at the lower end of the SSP range used for perpetual licenses because the term licenses are time bound, resulting in a lower value placed on product support as compared to a perpetual license.
(iv)
Premium product support, consulting services, and education services –SSP of premium product support, consulting services, and education services is established by using a bell-shaped curve approach to define a narrow range within each geographic region in which the services are discounted off of the list price on a standalone basis.
The Company often provides options to purchase future offerings at a discount.