Incentive Plans, the Company’s employees, officers, directors, and other eligible participants may be (with respect to the 2023 Equity Plan) and have been (with respect to both the 2023 Equity Plan and the 2013 Equity Plan) awarded various types of share-based compensation, including options to purchase shares of the Company’s class A common stock, restricted stock units, and other stock-based awards. Additionally, under the 2023 Equity Plan, awards may be and have been granted that are subject to the achievement of one or more performance measures established by the Company’s Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. During 2021, the Company adopted and the Company’s stockholders approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “2021 ESPP”), under which eligible employees of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries may be provided with opportunities to purchase shares of the Company’s class A common stock.
For options and other stock-based awards, the share-based compensation expense is based on the fair value of the awards on the date of grant, as estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model. For restricted stock units, the share-based compensation expense is based on the fair value of the Company’s class A common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of liability-classified awards (e.g., the other stock-based awards and cash-settled restricted stock units) is remeasured at each reporting date. For performance stock units
84
subject to a market condition, the Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the grant date fair value. For the 2021 ESPP, the share-based compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value, which consists of the intrinsic value of any purchase discount and the fair value of the look-back provision using the Black-Scholes valuation model.
The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense for service-conditioned awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plans and the 2021 ESPP on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period (generally, the vesting period for service-conditioned awards under the Stock Incentive Plans and the offering period under the 2021 ESPP). The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense for market-conditioned performance stock units granted under the 2023 Equity Plan ratably over the performance period using an accelerated attribution cost recognition method. Share-based compensation expense is recorded in cost of revenues or operating expense line items in the Statement of Operations corresponding to the respective participant’s role or function.
See Note 11, Share-based Compensation
, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Stock Incentive Plans, the 2021 ESPP, related share-based compensation expense, and assumptions used in determining fair value.
(q) Income Taxes
The Company is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes in the United States and a number of foreign countries.