agent may treat any such discount as resulting in deemed distributions, which may be taxable before receipt of any cash payments attributable to such discount with respect to our previously issued preferred stock and such Additional Shares.
Because the IRS or other parties (such as withholding agents) may not be able to distinguish our previously issued preferred stock offered or resold from time to time, a holder of our preferred stock might be subject to adverse tax consequences or might be required to demonstrate to the IRS (or such other parties) that the holder purchased our preferred stock in a specific offering to which those adverse tax consequences did not apply. Moreover, any adverse tax consequences as described above in connection with the future issuance of Additional Shares may adversely affect the market value of our preferred stock.
Provisions of our preferred stock could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us
Certain provisions in our preferred stock could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then, subject to certain exceptions, preferred stockholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their preferred stock for cash. These fundamental change provisions could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that preferred stockholders or holders of our class A common stock may view as favorable.
73
The accounting method for our preferred stock may result in lower reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders and lower reported diluted earnings per share
The accounting method for reflecting the conversion and other provisions of our preferred stock in our financial statements may adversely affect our reported earnings. Applicable accounting standards require us to separately account for certain redemption features associated with our preferred stock as embedded derivatives. Under this treatment, any embedded derivatives are measured at their fair value and accounted for separately as liabilities that are marked-to-market at the end of each reporting period. For each financial statement period after the issuance of the preferred stock, a gain or loss would be reported in our statement of operations to the extent the valuation of any of the embedded derivatives changes from the previous period. This accounting treatment may subject our reported net income (loss) to significant non-cash volatility. In addition, we expect that the if-converted method will apply to reflect our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock in the calculation of our diluted earnings per share. Under this method, we expect that diluted earnings per share will be calculated assuming that our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock is converted at the beginning of the reporting period (or, if later, the time our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock