price equal to
85
% of the lesser of the closing price of the Company’s class A common stock on the first or last business day of the offering period, respectively
. Share-based compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value, which consists of the intrinsic value of the
15
% discounted share purchase rights and the fair value of the look-back provision using the
Black-Scholes valuation model
, recognized on a straight-line basis over the offering period. The grant date is the offering period commencement date.
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized approximately $
2.2
million, $
1.9
million and $
2.4
million, respectively, in share-based compensation expense related to the 2021 ESPP. As of December 31, 2024, there was approximately $
0.5
million of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to the 2021 ESPP, which the Company expects to recognize over a period of approximately
0.2
years.
Tax Benefits Related to Equity Plans
The following table summarizes the tax (benefit) expense related to the Company’s equity plans (in thousands) for the periods indicated:
108
(12) Basic and Diluted (Loss) Earnings per Share
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share (in thousands, except per share data) for the periods indicated:
(1)
Basic and fully diluted (loss) earnings per share for class A and class B common stock are the same.
The following weighted average shares of potential class A common stock were excluded from the diluted (loss) earnings per share calculation because their impact would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands):
109
(13) At-the-Market Equity Offerings
From time to time, the Company has entered into sales agreements with agents pursuant to which the Company could issue and sell shares of its class A common stock through at-the-market equity offering programs. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company agreed to pay the sales agents commissions for their services in acting as agents with respect to the sale of shares through the at-the-market equity offering programs and also agreed to provide the sales agents with reimbursement for certain incurred expenses and customary indemnification and contribution rights.
The following table summarizes the terms and provisions of each sales agreement, and pursuant to each at-the-market equity offering program that was active during 2024, 2023, or 2022. The maximum aggregate offering price and cumulative net proceeds (less sales commissions and expenses) for each at-the-market equity offering program in the following table are reported in thousands.
The following table summarizes the sales activity of each sales agreement that was active during 2024, 2023, or 2022 for the periods indicated. The net proceeds (less sales commissions and expenses) for each at-the-market equity offering program are reported in thousands.
110
The sales commissions and expenses related to each of the