price of up to $
21.0
billion (the “Strike ATM Shares”), from time to time through the Strike Agents (the “Strike ATM Offering”).
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Strike Sales Agreement, the Strike Agents may sell the Strike ATM Shares in amounts and at times to be determined by the Company by any method that is deemed an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act or any other method permitted by law.
The Company or the Strike Agents may suspend or terminate the Strike ATM Offering upon notice to the other parties and subject to other conditions.
The Company has agreed to pay the Strike Agents’ commissions for their respective services in acting as agents in the sale of the Strike ATM Shares in the amount of up to
2.0
% of the aggregate gross proceeds it receives from each sale of its Strike ATM Shares pursuant to the Strike Sales Agreement.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company sold an aggregate of
349,907
Strike ATM Shares under the Strike ATM Offering, for aggregate net proceeds to the Company (less sales commissions) of approximately $
30.4
million. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $
20.97
billion of Strike ATM Shares remained available for issuance and sale pursuant to the Strike ATM Offering.
26
(12) Segment Information
The Company has
one
reportable operating segment, the “Software Business,” which is engaged in the design, development, marketing, and sales of the Company’s enterprise analytics software platform through cloud subscriptions and licensing arrangements and related services (i.e., product support, consulting and education). The “Corporate & Other” category presented in the following tables is not considered an operating segment. It consists primarily of costs and expenses related to executing the Company’s bitcoin strategy and includes the unrealized gain or loss on digital assets, impairment charges and other third-party costs associated with the Company’s bitcoin holdings, net interest expense primarily related to long-term debt obligations (the net proceeds of which were primarily used to purchase bitcoin), and income tax effects generated from the Company’s bitcoin holdings and related debt issuances. Beginning in 2025, the Company has dedicated certain corporate resources to its bitcoin strategy. These costs, including related Share-based compensation expense are included within the “Corporate resources” and the “Share-based compensation expense” segment expense line items to better align with their activities and utilization.
The Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), is the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer
, who manages the entity on a consolidated basis.
The CODM uses “net income (loss)” to assess the profitability of the software business by comparing actual to budgeted results on a monthly basis. In doing so, he focuses on “controllable costs” across main functions of the Software Business and will allocate personnel and