least dilutive (i.e., highest EPIS). Basic earnings per common share is then adjusted for the effect of each class of shares, in sequence and cumulatively, until a particular class no longer produces further dilution. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted loss per common share (in thousands, except per share data) for the periods indicated:
(1)
Basic and fully diluted loss per common share for class A and class B common stock are the same.
24
For the
three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the following weighted average shares of potential class A common stock were excluded from the diluted loss per common share calculation because their impact would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands).
(11) At-the-Market Equity Offerings
Common Stock ATM Offerings
From time to time, the Company has entered into sales agreements with agents pursuant to which the Company could issue and sell shares of its class A common stock through at-the-market equity offering programs (the “Common Stock ATM Offerings”).
Pursuant to these agreements, the Company agreed to pay the sales agents commissions for their services in acting as agents with respect to the sale of shares through the Common Stock ATM Offerings and also agreed to provide the sales agents with reimbursement for certain incurred expenses and customary indemnification and contribution rights.
The following table summarizes the terms and provisions of each sales agreement, and each Common Stock ATM Offering that was active during the
three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024. The maximum aggregate offering price and cumulative net proceeds (less sales commissions and expenses) for each Common Stock ATM Offering in the following table are reported in thousands.
(1)
As of May 2, 2025, the cumulative shares sold under the October 2024 Sales Agreement was
58,384,669
and the cumulative net proceeds received from shares sold under the October 2024 Sales Agreement was $
20.97
billion. Refer to Note 14, Subsequent Events, for further discussion.
25
The following table summarizes the sales activity of each sales agreement that was active during 2024 or 2023 for the periods indicated. The net proceeds (less sales commissions and expenses) for each Common Stock ATM Offering in the following table are reported in thousands.
The sales commissions and expenses related to each of the above Common Stock ATM Offerings are considered direct and incremental costs and are charged against “Additional paid-in capital” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in the period in which the corresponding shares are issued and sold.
Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock ATM Offering
On March 10, 2025, the Company entered into a sales agreement (the “Strike Sales Agreement”) with multiple sales agents (each a “Strike Agent” and collectively the “Strike Agents”), pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell shares of its Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, having an aggregate offering