schedule is filed herewith:
Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
All other items included in an Annual Report on Form 10‑K are omitted because they are not applicable or the answers thereto are none.
Item 16.        Form
10-K Summary
None.
69
Report of Independent Regist
ered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
MicroStrategy Incorporated:
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited MicroStrategy Incorporated and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule, Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 18, 2025
expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.