pursuant to which the District, upon receipt of all amounts due under the Consent Order, released Mr. Saylor and the Company from all claims and liabilities that the District asserted, could have asserted, or may assert in the future based on the conduct described in the complaints filed in the case. Under the Consent Order, Mr. Saylor and the Company did not admit to any of the allegations encompassed by the conduct described in the complaint, any violation of law or regulation, any other matter of fact or law, or any liability or wrongdoing, and agreed to pay $
40,000,000
to the District to settle the case and resolve the litigation with the District. Pursuant to a separate agreement between Mr. Saylor and the Company, Mr. Saylor paid this settlement amount to the District in full and the Company is not obligated to make any contribution to this settlement payment. On July 15, 2024, Mr. Saylor and the Company entered into a separate agreement with counsel to Tributum, LLC, the relator in the case (“Relator”), to resolve the amount due to such counsel in satisfaction of Relator’s claims for statutory expenses, attorneys’ fees and costs. Pursuant to the separate agreement between Mr. Saylor and the Company, Mr. Saylor paid this settlement amount in full and the Company is not obligated to make any contribution to this settlement payment.
99
Various Legal Proceedings and Contingent Liabilities
The Company is also involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, management does not expect the resolution of these legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
The Company has contingent liabilities that, in management’s judgment, are not probable of assertion.  If such unasserted contingent liabilities were to be asserted, or become probable of assertion, the Company may be required to record significant expenses and liabilities in the period in which these liabilities are asserted or become probable of assertion.
(10) Income Taxes
U.S. and international components of (loss) income before income taxes (in thousands) were comprised of the following for the periods indicated:
The (benefit from) provision for income taxes (in thousands) consisted of the following for the periods indicated:
100
The benefit from or provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate to the Company’s loss before income taxes as follows for the periods indicated:
(1) Included in the “Other permanent differences” category in the table above are other permanent items, each below the threshold required for separate presentation in the table.
The Company’s U.S. and foreign effective tax rates for loss before income taxes were as follows for the periods indicated:
The change in the Company’s effective tax rate in 2024, as