exchange rates, as compared to the same period in the prior year.
Item 4. Controls
and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.
Changes in Internal Controls.
No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three months ended March 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
48
PART II - OTHE
R INFORMATION
Item 1. Legal
Proceedings
We are involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, we do not expect the resolution of these legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
Item 1A. Ri
sk Factors
You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impact us, our business, our bitcoin holdings, or our securities.
If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the market price of our class A common stock, Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, which we refer to as our “listed securities,” could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Related to Our Business in General
Our quarterly operating results, revenues, and expenses may fluctuate significantly, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our listed securities
For many reasons, including those described below, our operating results, revenues, and expenses have varied in the past and may vary significantly in the