our CISO’s leadership, who in turn reports to our CTO
.
We administer our cybersecurity risk management framework separately from our other risk management systems and processes, under the oversight of the audit committee of our board of directors and senior management.
Strategy's management, including our CTO and CISO, provides the audit committee with regular updates on cybersecurity incidents and emerging threats. The audit committee actively engages with management on the development and implementation of cybersecurity policies and practices, offering insights and guidance
.
Additionally, board members with significant experience in software technology, such as Michael J. Saylor and Leslie J. Rechan, each with over 30 years of software industry experience, and Phong Le, our Chief Executive Officer, contribute their expertise to our cybersecurity risk management.
Unauthorized parties have attempted, and we expect that they will continue to attempt, to gain access to our systems and facilities, as well as those of our third-party vendors, through various means, such as hacking, social engineering, phishing, and fraud.
However, the Company does not believe that there are currently any risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
See “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings – If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our bitcoin, or if our private keys are lost or destroyed, or other similar circumstances or events occur, we may lose some or all of our bitcoin and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Operations – If we or our third-party service providers experience a disruption due to a cybersecurity attack or security breach and unauthorized parties obtain access to our customers’, prospects’, vendors’, or channel partners’ data, our data, our networks or other systems, or the cloud environments we manage, our offerings may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our offerings may be reduced, our operations may be disrupted, we may incur significant legal and financial liabilities, and our business could be materially adversely affected.”
Item 2.
Properties
As of December 31, 2024, we leased approximately 190,000 square feet of office space at a location in Northern Virginia that serves as our corporate headquarters. This lease provides for certain tenant allowances and incentives and will expire in December 2030.
In addition, we utilize offices in U.S. and foreign locations for our services and support, sales and marketing, research and development, and administrative