with public sector customers is highly competitive and can be time-consuming and expensive, requiring us to incur significant up-front time and expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. Further, even if we win a contract, it may be placed on hold, or reversed, due to a post-award protest.
Budgetary Constraints and Cycles.
Public sector funding reductions or delays adversely impact demand and payment for our offerings.
Termination of Contracts.
Public sector customers often have contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts for convenience or due to a default. If a contract is terminated for the customer’s convenience, we may only be able to collect fees for software or services delivered prior to termination and settlement expenses.  If a contract is terminated due to our default, we may not recover even those amounts, and we may be liable for excess costs incurred by the customer for procuring alternative software or services.
Compliance with Government Contracting Requirements.
Government contractors are required to comply with a variety of complex laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, or performance of government contracts that give public sector customers substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typical for commercial contracts.  These may include rights regarding price protection, the accuracy of information provided to the government, contractor compliance with socio-economic policies, and other terms unique to government contracts.  Governments and government agencies routinely investigate and audit contractors for compliance with these requirements. If, as a result of an audit or review, it is determined that we have failed to comply with these requirements, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including contract termination, forfeiture of profits, fines, treble damages, and suspensions or debarment from future government business and we may suffer harm to our reputation.
Our customers also include foreign governments and government agencies.  Similar procurement, budgetary, contract, and audit risks also apply to these entities.  In addition, compliance with complex regulations and contracting provisions in a variety of jurisdictions can be expensive and consume significant management resources.  In certain jurisdictions, our ability to win business may be constrained by political and other factors unrelated to our competitive position in the market.
64
If we are unable to recruit or retain skilled personnel, or if we lose the services of Michael J. Saylor, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected
Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, train, assimilate, and retain highly skilled personnel. There has historically been significant competition for qualified employees in the technology industry, and such competition may be