validate a block of transactions with newly generated bitcoin.  The current reward for miners that successfully validate a block of transactions is 3.125 bitcoin per mined block. The mining reward is reduced by half, which is referred to as a bitcoin halving, after every 210,000 blocks are mined.  This has historically occurred approximately every four years. The most recent bitcoin halving occurred in April 2024, and the next bitcoin halving is expected to occur sometime in 2028.
Modifications to the Bitcoin Protocol
Bitcoin is an open-source network that has no central authority, so no one person can unilaterally make changes to the software that runs the network.  However, there is a core group of developers that maintains the code for the Bitcoin protocol, and they can propose changes to the source code and release periodic updates and other changes. Unlike most software that has a central entity that can push updates to users, bitcoin is a peer-to-peer network in which individual network participants, called nodes, decide whether to upgrade the software and accept the new changes. As a practical matter, a modification becomes part of the Bitcoin protocol only if the proposed changes are accepted by participants collectively having more than 50% of the processing power, known as hash rate, on the network.  If a certain percentage of the nodes reject the changes, then a “fork” takes place, and participants can choose the version of the software they want to run.
Forms of Attack Against the Bitcoin Network and Wallets
Blockchain technology has many built-in security features that make it difficult for hackers and other malicious actors to corrupt the protocol or blockchain. However, as with any computer network, the Bitcoin network may be subject to certain attacks.  Some forms of attack include unauthorized access to wallets that hold bitcoin and direct attacks, like “51% attacks” or “denial-of-service attacks” on the Bitcoin network.
Bitcoin is controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public key and private key(s) relating to the local or online digital wallet in which the bitcoin is held. Private keys used to access bitcoin balances are not widely distributed and are typically held on hardware (which can be physically controlled by the holder or by a third party such as a custodian) or via software programs on third-party servers.  One form of obtaining unauthorized access to a wallet occurs following a phishing attack where the attacker deceives the victim and
8
manipulates them into sharing their private keys for their digital wallet or other sensitive information.  Other similar attacks may also result in the loss of private keys and the inability to access, and effective loss of, the corresponding bitcoin.  See “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings – We face risks relating to the custody of our bitcoin, including the loss or destruction of private keys required to access our bitcoin and