offering a unique opportunity for long-term value creation.
Our Bitcoin Strategy
Our bitcoin strategy generally involves from time to time, subject to market conditions, (i) issuing debt or equity securities or engaging in other capital raising transactions with the objective of using the proceeds to purchase bitcoin and (ii) acquiring bitcoin with our liquid assets that exceed working capital requirements. We intend to fund further bitcoin acquisitions primarily through issuances of common stock and a variety of fixed-income instruments, including debt, convertible notes and preferred stock.
We view our bitcoin holdings as long-term holdings and expect to continue to accumulate bitcoin. We have not set any specific target for the amount of bitcoin we seek to hold, and we will continue to monitor market conditions in determining whether to engage in additional financings to purchase additional bitcoin. This overall strategy also contemplates that we may (i) periodically sell bitcoin for general corporate purposes or in connection with strategies that generate tax benefits in accordance with applicable law, (ii) enter into additional capital raising transactions that are collateralized by our bitcoin holdings, and (iii) consider pursuing strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings.
Additionally, we periodically engage in advocacy and educational activities regarding the continued acceptance and value of Bitcoin as an open, secure protocol for an internet-native digital capital asset, and we leverage our software development capabilities to explore innovation in Bitcoin applications.
Under our Treasury Reserve Policy, our treasury reserve assets consist of:
•
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments (“Cash Assets”) held by us that exceed working capital requirements; and
•
bitcoin held by us, with bitcoin serving as the primary treasury reserve asset on an ongoing basis, subject to market conditions and anticipated needs of the business for Cash Assets.
During 2024 and 2025, we used proceeds from various capital raising transactions to purchase bitcoin. As of March 31, 2025, we held an aggregate of approximately 528,185 bitcoins.
31
Although we continue to initially record our bitcoin purchases at cost, upon adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, any subsequent increases or decreases in fair value are recognized as incurred in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and the fair value of our bitcoin is reflected within the Consolidated Balance Sheets each reporting period-end.
Since adopting ASU 2023-08, we are no longer required to account for our bitcoin under a cost-less-impairment accounting model and we no longer record a deferred tax asset related to bitcoin impairment losses. Instead, we establish a deferred tax liability if the market value of bitcoin at the reporting date is greater than the average cost basis of our bitcoin holdings at such reporting date, and any