primarily attributable to an increase in employer payroll taxes related to the exercise or vesting of certain awards under the Stock Incentive Plans and (vi) a $0.9 million net increase in share-based compensation expense primarily attributable to the grant of additional awards under the Stock Incentive Plans, partially offset by the forfeiture of certain awards.
54
General and administrative expenses.
General and administrative expenses consist of personnel and related overhead costs, and other costs of our executive, finance, human resources, information systems, and administrative departments, as well as third-party consulting, legal, and other professional fees, and third-party costs associated with our digital asset holdings. The following table sets forth general and administrative expenses (in thousands) and related percentage change for the periods indicated:
General and administrative expenses increased $25.2 million during 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to (i) an $8.6 million increase in personnel costs primarily attributable to an increase in employer payroll taxes related to the exercise or vesting of certain awards under the Stock Incentive Plans, (ii) an $8.2 million net increase in share-based compensation expense primarily attributable to the grant of additional awards under the Stock Incentive Plans, partially offset by certain awards that became fully vested and the forfeiture of certain awards, (iii) a $6.1 million increase in legal, consulting, and other advisory costs, and (iv) a $4.4 million increase in custodial fees incurred on our bitcoin holdings, partially offset by (v) a $2.7 million decrease in employee salaries primarily attributable to a decrease in average staffing levels, partially offset by wage increases. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods  due in part to an increase in bitcoin custodial fees as a result of our significant bitcoin holdings, the recent increase in the market price of bitcoin, and our continued strategy to accumulate additional bitcoin for the foreseeable future.
Digital asset impairment losses.
Digital asset impairment losses are recognized when the carrying value of our digital assets exceeds their lowest fair value at any time since their acquisition. Impaired digital assets are written down to fair value at the time of impairment, and such impairment loss cannot be recovered for any subsequent increases in fair value. Gains (if any) are not recorded until realized upon sale. The following table sets forth digital asset impairment losses (in thousands) and related percentage change for the periods indicated:
We did not sell any of our digital assets during 2024 or 2023. As mentioned above, the accounting for our digital assets will change upon our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025 and we will no longer record digital asset impairment losses. Upon adoption of ASU 2023-08, we are required to report our digital assets at fair