arbitrage trading strategy
We expect that holders of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock may seek to employ a convertible arbitrage strategy. Under this strategy, investors typically sell short a certain number of shares of our class A common stock and adjust their short position over time while they continue to hold our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock. Investors may also implement this type of strategy by entering into swaps on our class A common stock in lieu of, or in addition to, short selling shares of our class A common stock.
The SEC and other regulatory authorities have implemented various rules and taken certain actions, and may in the future adopt additional rules and take other actions, that may impact those engaging in short selling activity involving equity securities (including our class A common stock). These rules and actions include Rule 201 of SEC Regulation SHO, the adoption by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., and the national securities exchanges of a “limit up-limit down” program, the imposition of market-wide circuit breakers that halt trading of securities for certain periods following specific market declines, and the implementation of certain regulatory reforms required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. Any governmental or regulatory action that restricts investors’ ability to effect short sales of our class A common stock or enter into equity swaps on our class A common stock could depress the trading price of, and the liquidity of the market for, our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock.
In addition, the liquidity of the market for our class A common stock and other market conditions could deteriorate, which could reduce, or eliminate entirely, the number of shares available for lending in connection with short sale transactions and the number of counterparties willing to enter into an equity swap on our class A common stock with an investor of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock. These and other market events could make implementing a convertible arbitrage strategy prohibitively expensive or infeasible. If investors seeking to employ a convertible arbitrage strategy are unable to do so on commercial terms, or at all, then the trading price of, and the liquidity of the market for, our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock may significantly decline.
Holding Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock does not, in itself, confer any rights with respect to our class A common stock
Holding Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock does not confer any rights with respect to our class A common stock (including the voting rights of, and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on, our class A common stock). However, holders of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock are subject to all changes affecting our class A common stock to the extent the value of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock depends on the market price of our class A common stock and to the extent they receive shares of