liability claims, customer dissatisfaction, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to compensate us for the potential losses arising from any cybersecurity breach or incident. In addition, such insurance may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Further, our insurance may not cover all claims made against us and could have high deductibles in any event, and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management attention.
These risks will increase as we continue to grow the number and scale of our cloud subscriptions and process, store, and transmit increasingly large amounts of our customers’, prospects’, vendors’, channel partners’, and our own data. In particular, as remote working conditions have led businesses to increasingly rely on virtual environments and communication systems, there has been an increase in cyberattacks and other malicious activities.
Our having entered into an indemnification agreement with Michael J. Saylor, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Chairman, that supplements our conventional director and officer liability insurance provided by third-party insurance carriers could negatively affect our business and the market price of our listed securities
We have entered into an indemnification agreement with Michael J. Saylor, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Chairman, pursuant to which Mr. Saylor has agreed to personally indemnify our directors and officers with respect to certain claims and expenses excluded from the insurance coverage provided by our commercial director and officer insurance carriers, for which we agreed to pay Mr. Saylor an applicable annual fee. Our having entered into this indemnification agreement with Mr. Saylor could have adverse effects on our business, including making it more difficult to attract and retain qualified directors and officers due to the unconventional nature of the arrangement and potential concerns that the indemnification arrangement might not provide the same level of protection that might otherwise be provided by coverage obtained entirely through conventional director and officer insurance. In addition, our indemnification arrangement with Mr. Saylor may result in some investors perceiving that our independent directors are not sufficiently independent from Mr. Saylor due to their entitlement to personal indemnification from him, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our listed securities.
Risks Related to Our Listed Securities Generally
The market price of our class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile
The market price of our class A common stock has historically been volatile and this volatility has been significant in recent periods. Since August 11, 2020, the date on which we announced our initial purchase of bitcoin, the closing price of our class A common