above their liquidation preference at the time of sale of such Additional Shares of Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock so as to implicate the fast-pay stock rules. It is possible, however, that Additional Shares of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock may be issued at a premium above their liquidation preference. Based on the expected overall circumstances of an offering of Additional Shares of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock (such as our general expectation that the value of the conversion option for Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock would, at issuance, exceed the amount of any such premium and certain other factors), we do not believe that such premium would be attributable to dividends that are economically a return of a stockholder’s investment. Nonetheless, there may be increased risk that the IRS could assert that such Additional Shares constitute fast-pay stock.
Transactions involving fast-pay stock arrangements are treated as “listed transactions” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Issuers and holders of any shares of fast-pay stock would be required to report their participation in the transaction on IRS Form 8886 on an annual basis with their U.S. federal income tax returns and would also be required to mail a copy of that form to the IRS Office of Tax Shelter Analysis. Failure to comply with those disclosure requirements could result in the assessment by the IRS of interest, additions to tax and onerous penalties. In addition, an accuracy-related penalty applies under the Code to any reportable transaction understatement attributable to a listed transaction if a significant purpose of the transaction is the avoidance or evasion of U.S. federal income tax.
72
Furthermore, certain material advisors would also be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS. If we determine that we are required to file an IRS Form 8886 (including a protective filing) in connection with the potential issuance of fast-pay stock with respect to our previously issued preferred stock or Additional Shares, we intend to provide public notice to the holders of our previously issued preferred stock or Additional Shares, as applicable, which notice may be by a press release, by publication on our investor relations website, or by filing a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Notwithstanding our intent not to issue Additional Shares that would be fast-pay stock, the rules regarding the definition of fast-pay stock are unclear in certain respects and, therefore, the IRS could disagree with our determination and treat such Additional Shares as fast-pay stock. In addition, even though we believe that our previously issued preferred stock is not fast-pay stock, treatment of the Additional Shares as fast-pay stock could result in adverse consequences to holders of our previously issued preferred stock because such Additional Shares may be indistinguishable from our previously issued preferred stock. See “—A future issuance of