might traditionally be expected based on our operating performance, cash flows and net assets. Investors may therefore be unable to assess the value our class A common stock or evaluate the risks of an investment in us using traditional or commonly used enterprise valuation methods. We cannot predict how these dynamics may evolve over time, or whether or how long they may last. These market and industry factors may significantly harm the market price of our listed securities, regardless of our actual operating performance.
Because of the rights of our two classes of common stock and because Michael J. Saylor, who beneficially owns the majority of our class B common stock, controls a significant portion of our total voting power, Mr. Saylor has significant influence over matters that require approval of our stockholders and as a result could impede a third party from acquiring us, or limit the ability of our other stockholders to influence corporate matters
We have two classes of common stock: class A common stock and class B common stock.  Holders of our class A common stock generally have the same rights as holders of our class B common stock, except that holders of class A common stock have one vote per share while holders of class B common stock have ten votes per share. As of May 2, 2025, there were 19,640,250 shares of class B common stock outstanding, which accounted for approximately 43.63% of the total voting power of our outstanding common stock. As of May 2, 2025, Mr. Saylor, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Chairman, beneficially owned 19,616,680 shares of class B common stock, or 43.58% of the total voting power. Accordingly, Mr. Saylor has significant influence over matters that require approval of our stockholders, including mergers, going-private transactions, and other extraordinary transactions and their terms, elections of our directors, and amendments to our certificate of incorporation and by-laws.
67
Provisions of our charter, by-laws and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders
Provisions of our charter, by-laws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to control or acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders, including our board of directors having the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director and the ability of our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock.
Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has