paying cash dividends on our preferred stock. If the terms of our indebtedness restrict or prohibit us from paying dividends, then we may seek to refinance that indebtedness or seek a waiver that would permit the payment of dividends. However, we may be unable or may choose not to refinance the indebtedness or obtain a waiver.
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, we may declare dividends on our preferred stock only out of our “surplus” (which generally means our total assets less total liabilities, each measured at their fair market values, less statutory capital), or, if there is no surplus, out of our net profits for the current or the immediately preceding fiscal year. We may not have sufficient surplus or net profits to declare and pay dividends on our preferred stock in cash.
If we are unable or, if permitted, decide not to pay accumulated dividends on our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock in cash, then we may, but are not obligated, subject to a limited exception, to elect to pay dividends on our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock in shares of our class A common stock.  However, the payment of dividends in shares of our class A common stock will cause dilution to holders of our class A common stock and exposes holders of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock to dilution and the risk of fluctuations in the price of our class A common stock. Additionally, even if we choose to pay dividends on our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock in shares of class A common stock, the number of shares of class A common stock that we are permitted to deliver may be limited.
If we fail to declare and pay full dividends on our preferred stock, then we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our class A common stock and any other junior securities, subject to limited exceptions. Although we do not currently pay dividends on our class A common stock, if we decide to do so in the future, a reduction or elimination of dividends on our class A common stock may cause the trading price of our class A common stock to decline, which, in turn, will likely depress the value of our preferred stock.
Our preferred stock has only limited voting rights
Our preferred stock confers no voting rights except with respect to certain dividend arrearages, certain amendments to the terms of our preferred stock, and certain other limited circumstances, and except as required by the Delaware General Corporation Law. For example, holders of preferred stock, as such, do not have the right to vote in the general election of our directors, although holders of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, as applicable, will have a limited right, voting together with holders of any voting parity stock, if any, with similar voting rights regarding the election of directors upon a failure to pay dividends on each of our Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and Perpetual Strife Preferred Stock, as applicable, which similar voting rights are then exercisable, to