The remaining sales agreements have been terminated or substantially depleted prior to December 31, 2024.
Unrecognized tax benefits
As of December 31, 2024, we had $10.2 million of total gross unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued interest, $2.9 million of which was recorded in “Other long-term liabilities” and $7.3 million of which was recorded in “Deferred tax assets, net.” The timing of any payments that could result from these unrecognized tax benefits will depend on a number of factors, and accordingly the amount and period of any future payments cannot be estimated. We do not expect any significant tax payments related to unrecognized tax benefits during 2025.
Recent Accounting Standards
See Note 3, Recent Accounting Standards, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
We are providing supplemental non-GAAP financial measures below which management uses internally to help understand, manage, and evaluate our business performance and to help make operating decisions. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are also useful to investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis. We also believe the use of these non-GAAP financial measures can facilitate comparison of our operating results to those of our competitors. These supplemental financial measures are not measurements of financial performance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) and, as a result, these supplemental financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
Non-GAAP financial measures are subject to material limitations as they are not measurements prepared in accordance with GAAP, and are not a substitute for such measurements. For example, we expect that share-based compensation expense, which is excluded from certain of the non-GAAP financial measures below, will continue to be a significant recurring expense over the coming years and is an important part of the compensation provided to certain employees, officers, and directors. Similarly, we expect that interest expense arising from the amortization of debt issuance costs on our long-term debt, which is excluded from certain of the non-GAAP financial measures below, will continue to be a recurring expense over the terms of our long-term debt arrangements. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation and should be read only in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. We rely primarily on such Consolidated Financial Statements to understand, manage, and evaluate our business performance and use the non-GAAP financial measures only supplementally.
Non-GAAP loss from operations
Non-GAAP loss from operations excludes share-based compensation expense, which is a significant non-cash expense that we believe is not reflective of our general