the Company (less sales commissions) of approximately $
97.05
million. As of May 2, 2025, approximately $
20.87
billion of Strike ATM Shares remained available for issuance and sale pursuant to the Strike ATM Offering.
30
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Forward-Looking Information
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this “Quarterly Report”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). For this purpose, any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact, including without limitation, certain statements regarding industry prospects and our results of operations or financial position, may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The important factors discussed under “Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors,” among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements made herein and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Such forward-looking statements represent management’s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Investors are warned that actual results may differ from management’s expectations.
10-for-1 stock split
On August 7, 2024, we completed a 10-for-1 stock split of our class A and class B common stock. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for further information. As a result of the stock split, all applicable share and per share information presented within this “Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split for all periods presented.
Business Overview
Strategy is the world's first and largest Bitcoin Treasury Company. We are a publicly traded company that has adopted Bitcoin as our primary treasury reserve asset. By using proceeds from equity and debt financings, as well as cash flows from our operations, we strategically accumulate Bitcoin and advocate for its role as digital capital. Our treasury strategy is designed to provide investors varying degrees of economic exposure to Bitcoin by offering a range of securities, including equity and fixed income instruments.
In addition, we provide industry-leading AI-powered enterprise analytics software, advancing our vision of Intelligence Everywhere. We leverage our development capabilities to explore innovation in Bitcoin applications, integrating analytics expertise with our commitment to digital asset growth. We believe our combination of operational excellence, strategic Bitcoin reserve, and focus on technological innovation positions us as a leader in both the digital asset and enterprise analytics sectors,