See Note 3.
In NEE’s non-rate regulated operations, predominantly NextEra Energy Resources, essentially all changes in the derivatives’ fair value for power purchases and sales, fuel sales and trading activities are recognized on a net basis in operating revenues and the equity method investees’ related activity is recognized in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE’s consolidated statements of income.
For interest rate and foreign currency derivative instruments, all changes in the derivatives' fair value are recognized in interest expense and the equity method investees' related activity is recognized in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE's consolidated statements of income. NEE estimates the fair value of these derivatives using an income approach based on a discounted cash flows valuation technique utilizing observable inputs.
Certain derivative transactions at NEER are entered into as economic hedges but the transactions do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, hedge accounting treatment is not elected or hedge accounting has been discontinued.
Changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility. These changes in fair value are reflected in the non-qualifying hedge category in computing adjusted earnings and could be significant to NEER’s results because the economic offset to the positions are not marked to market. As a consequence, NEE's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. For example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under GAAP. For this reason, NEE’s management views results expressed excluding the unrealized mark-to-market impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. For additional information regarding derivative instruments, see Note 3, Overview and Energy Marketing and Trading and Market Risk Sensitivity.
Accounting for Pension Benefits
NEE sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of NEE and its subsidiaries. Management believes that, based on actuarial assumptions and the well-funded status of the pension plan, NEE will not be required to make any cash contributions to the qualified pension plan in the near future. The qualified pension plan has a fully funded trust dedicated to providing benefits under the plan. NEE allocates net periodic income associated with the pension plan to its subsidiaries annually using specific criteria.
Nature of Accounting Estimates
For the pension plan, the benefit obligation is the actuarial present value, as of the December 31 measurement date, of all benefits attributed by the pension