subsidiaries of NEE issue guarantees and obtain letters of credit and surety bonds, as well as provide indemnities, to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties and financings. Substantially all of the guarantee arrangements are on behalf of NEE’s consolidated subsidiaries, as discussed in more detail below. See Note 8 regarding guarantees of obligations on behalf of XPLR subsidiaries. NEE is not required to recognize liabilities associated with guarantee arrangements issued on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries unless it becomes probable that they will be required to perform. At December 31, 2024, NEE believes that there is no material exposure related to these guarantee arrangements.
NEE subsidiaries issue guarantees related to equity contribution agreements and engineering, procurement and construction agreements, associated with the development, construction and financing of certain power generation facilities (see Note 1 – Structured Payables) and a natural gas pipeline project, as well as a natural gas transportation agreement. Commitments associated with these activities are included in the contracts table in Note 15.
In addition, at December 31, 2024, NEE subsidiaries had approximately $6.4 billion in guarantees related to obligations under PPAs and acquisition agreements, nuclear-related activities, payment obligations related to PTCs, support for NEER's retail electricity provider activities, as well as other types of contractual obligations (see Note 15 – Commitments).
44
Table of Content
s
In some instances, subsidiaries of NEE elect to issue guarantees instead of posting other forms of collateral required under certain financing arrangements, as well as for other project-level cash management activities. At December 31, 2024, these guarantees totaled approximately $1.8 billion and support, among other things, cash management activities, including those related to debt service and operations and maintenance service agreements, as well as other specific project financing requirements.
Subsidiaries of NEE also issue guarantees to support customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading activities, including the buying and selling of wholesale energy commodities. At December 31, 2024, the estimated mark-to-market exposure (the total amount that these subsidiaries of NEE could be required to fund based on energy commodity market prices at December 31, 2024) plus contract settlement net payables, net of collateral posted for obligations under these guarantees totaled approximately $1.6 billion.
At December 31, 2024, subsidiaries of NEE also had approximately $5.6 billion of standby letters of credit and approximately $1.6 billion of surety bonds to support certain of the commercial activities discussed above. FPL's and NEECH's credit facilities are available to support substantially all of the standby letters of credit.
In addition, as part of contract negotiations in the normal course of business, certain