———————————————
(a)    Provide for the funding of loans up to the amount of the credit facility and the issuance of letters of credit up to $3,200 million ($450 million for FPL and $2,750 million for NEECH). The entire amount of the credit facilities is available for general corporate purposes and to provide additional liquidity in the event of a loss to the companies’ or their subsidiaries’ operating facilities (including, in the case of FPL, a transmission and distribution property loss). FPL’s syndicated revolving credit facilities are also available to support the purchase of $1,663 million of pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds in the event they are tendered by individual bondholders and not remarketed prior to maturity, as well as the repayment of approximately $1,977 million of floating rate notes in the event an individual noteholder requires repayment at specified dates prior to maturity. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $500 million of FPL's and $5,239 million of NEECH's syndicated revolving credit facilities expire over the next 12 months.
(b)    Only available for the funding of loans. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $1,025 million of FPL's and $2,600 million of NEECH's bilateral revolving credit facilities expire over the next 12 months.
(c)    Only available for the issuance of letters of credit. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $899 million of the letter of credit facilities expire over the next 12 months.
Capital Support
Guarantees, Letters of Credit, Surety Bonds and Indemnifications (Guarantee Arrangements)
Certain subsidiaries of NEE issue guarantees and obtain letters of credit and surety bonds, as well as provide indemnities, to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties and financings. Substantially all of the guarantee arrangements are on behalf of NEE’s consolidated subsidiaries, as discussed in more detail below. See Note 5 regarding guarantees of obligations on behalf of XPLR subsidiaries. NEE is not required to recognize liabilities associated with guarantee arrangements issued on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries unless it becomes probable that they will be required to perform. At March 31, 2025, NEE believes that there is no material exposure related to these guarantee arrangements.
NEE subsidiaries issue guarantees related to equity contribution agreements and engineering, procurement and construction agreements, associated with the development, construction and financing of certain power generation facilities (see Note 10
–
Structured Payables) and a natural gas pipeline project, as well as a natural gas transportation agreement. Commitments associated with these activities are included in the contracts table in Note 11.
In addition, at March 31, 2025, NEE subsidiaries had approximately $6.5 billion in guarantees related to obligations under purchased power and acquisition agreements, nuclear-related activities, payment obligations related to