line items in the consolidated statements of income to which they relate. Transactions for which physical delivery is deemed not to have occurred are presented on a net basis in the consolidated statements of income. For commodity
81
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
derivatives, NEE believes that, where offsetting positions exist at the same location for the same time, the transactions are considered to have been netted and therefore physical delivery has been deemed not to have occurred for financial reporting purposes. Settlements related to derivative instruments are substantially all recognized in net cash provided by operating activities in NEE's and FPL's consolidated statements of cash flows.
For interest rate and foreign currency derivative instruments, all changes in the derivatives' fair value, as well as the transaction gain or loss on foreign denominated debt, are recognized in interest expense and the equity method investees' related activity is recognized in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE's consolidated statements of income.
At December 31, 2024, NEE's AOCI included immaterial amounts related to discontinued interest rate cash flow hedges with expiration dates through October 2033 and foreign currency cash flow hedges with expiration dates through September 2030.
Fair Value Measurements of Derivative Instruments
– The fair value of assets and liabilities are determined using either unadjusted quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) or other pricing inputs that are observable (Level 2) whenever that information is available and using unobservable inputs (Level 3) to estimate fair value only when relevant observable inputs are not available. NEE and FPL use different valuation techniques to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities, relying primarily on the market approach of using prices and other market information for identical and/or similar assets and liabilities for those assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. NEE's and FPL's assessment of the significance of any particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. Non-performance risk, including the consideration of a credit valuation adjustment, is also considered in the determination of fair value for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value.
NEE and FPL measure the fair value of commodity contracts using a combination of market and income approaches utilizing prices observed on commodities exchanges and in the non-exchange traded markets, or through the use of industry-standard valuation techniques, such as option modeling or discounted cash flows techniques, incorporating both observable and unobservable valuation inputs. The resulting measurements are the best estimate of fair value as represented by the transfer of