expenses. Corporate and Other allocates a portion of NEECH's corporate interest expense to NextEra Energy Resources. Interest expense is allocated based on a deemed capital structure of 70% debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries.
Corporate and Other's results decreased $785 million during the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily due to unfavorable after-tax impacts of approximately $726 million, as compared to the prior year period, related to non-qualifying hedge activity as a result of changes in the fair value of interest rate derivative instruments.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
NEE and its subsidiaries require funds to support and grow their businesses. These funds are used for, among other things, working capital (see Note 10 – Storm Cost Recovery), capital expenditures (see Note 11 – Commitments), investments in or acquisitions of assets and businesses, payment of maturing debt and related derivative obligations (see Note 8 and Note 2) and, from time to time, redemption or repurchase of outstanding debt or equity securities. It is anticipated that these requirements will be satisfied through a combination of cash flows from operations, short- and long-term borrowings, the issuance of short- and long-term debt (see Note 8) and, from time to time, equity securities, proceeds from differential membership investors, sales of renewable energy tax credits (see Note 10 – Income Taxes) and sales of ownership interests in assets/businesses
, c
onsistent with NEE’s and FPL’s objective of maintaining, on a long-term basis, a capital structure that will support a strong investment grade credit rating. NEE, FPL and NEECH rely on access to credit and capital markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. The inability
of
NEE
,
FPL
and
NEECH
to maintain their current credit ratings could affect their ability to raise short- and long-term capital, their cost of capital and the execution of their respective financing strategies, and could require the posting of additional collateral under certain agreements.
42
Cash Flows
NEE's sources and uses of cash for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
NEE
's primary capital requirements are for expanding and enhancing
FPL's
electric system and generation facilities to continue to provide reliable service to meet customer electricity demands and for funding
NEER
's investments in independent power and other projects.
See Note 11 – Commitments for estimated capital expenditures for the remainder of 2025 through 2029.
The following table provides a summary of capital investments for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
43
Liquidity
At March 31, 2025,
NEE
's total net available liquidity was approximately $18.4 billion
. The table below provides the components of FPL's and NEECH's ne
t available liquidity at March 31, 2025.