of a cost recovery petition, but capped at an amount that produces a surcharge of no more than $4 for every 1,000 kWh of usage on residential bills during the first 12 months of cost recovery. Any additional costs would be eligible for recovery in subsequent years. If storm restoration costs exceed $800 million in any given calendar year, FPL may request an increase to the $4 surcharge. See Note 1 – Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery.
•
If federal or state permanent corporate income tax changes become effective during the term of the 2021 rate agreement, FPL will prospectively adjust base rates after a review by the FPSC.
In March 2024, the FPSC issued a supplemental final order regarding FPL's 2021 rate agreement. The order affirmed the FPSC's prior approval of the 2021 rate agreement and is intended to further document, as requested by the Florida Supreme Court, how the evidence presented led to and supports the FPSC's decision to approve FPL's 2021 rate agreement. An April 2024 appeal of the order filed with the Florida Supreme Court by certain intervenors remains pending.
FPL 2025 Base Rate Proceeding
– On December 30, 2024, FPL filed a formal notification with the FPSC indicating its intent to initiate a base rate proceeding by submitting a four-year rate plan that would begin in January 2026 replacing the 2021 rate agreement. The notification states that, based on preliminary estimates, FPL expects to request a general base revenue requirement increase of approximately $1.55 billion effective January 2026 and a subsequent increase of approximately $930 million effective January 2027. The plan is also expected to request authority for a Solar and Battery Base Rate Adjustment mechanism to recover, subject to FPSC review, the revenue requirements associated with building and operating additional solar and battery storage projects in 2028 and 2029. In addition, FPL expects to propose an allowed regulatory ROE midpoint of 11.90% and to incorporate the continued application of FPL's longstanding equity ratio approved in prior base rate cases. FPL expects to file its formal request to initiate a base rate proceeding on or around February 28, 2025.
9
Table of Content
s
Cost Recovery Clauses
.
Cost recovery clauses are designed to permit full recovery of certain costs and provide a return on certain assets allowed to be recovered through these clauses. Cost recovery clause costs are recovered through levelized monthly charges per kWh or kW, depending on the customer's rate class. These cost recovery clause charges are calculated annually based on estimated costs and estimated customer usage for the following year, plus or minus true-up adjustments to reflect the estimated over or under recovery of costs for the current and prior periods. An adjustment to the levelized charges may be approved during the course of a year to reflect revised estimates. FPL recovers costs from customers through the following clauses:
•
Fuel
–
primarily