primarily renewable generation facilities, and electric transmission facilities, as well as providing other energy solutions to its customers.
As described in more detail in the following sections, NEE seeks to create value in its two principal businesses by meeting its customers' needs more economically and more reliably than its competitors. NEE's strategy has resulted in profitable growth over sustained periods at both FPL and NEER. Management seeks to grow each business (see Note 15 – Commitments) in a manner consistent with the varying opportunities available to it; however, management believes that the diversification and balance represented by FPL and NEER is a valuable characteristic of the enterprise and recognizes that each business contributes to NEE's financial strength in different ways. FPL and NEER share a common platform with the objective of lowering costs, creating efficiencies and encouraging innovative ideas for their businesses. NEE and its subsidiaries, with employees totaling approximately 16,800 as of December 31, 2024, continue to develop and implement enterprise-wide initiatives focused on improving productivity, process effectiveness and quality.
NEE's reportable segments for financial reporting purposes are FPL and NEER (see Note 16). NEECH, a wholly owned subsidiary of NEE, owns and provides funding for NEE's operating subsidiaries, other than FPL and its subsidiaries. The following diagram depicts NEE's simplified ownership structure:
4
Table of Content
s
FPL
FPL is a rate-regulated electric utility engaged primarily in the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electric energy in Florida. FPL is the largest electric utility in the state of Florida and one of the largest electric utilities in the U.S. At December 31, 2024, FPL had 35,052 MW of net generating capacity, approximately 91,000 circuit miles of transmission and distribution lines and 921 substations. FPL provides service to its electric customers through an integrated transmission and distribution system that links its generation facilities to its customers.
FPL serves approximately 12 million people through more than 6 million customer accounts. The following map shows FPL's service areas and plant locations as of February 14, 2025, which cover most of the east and lower west coasts of Florida and are in ten counties throughout northwest Florida (see FPL Sources of Generation below).
5
Table of Content
s
CUSTOMERS AND REVENUE
FPL's primary source of operating revenues is from its retail customer base; it also serves a limited number of wholesale customers within Florida. The percentage of FPL's operating revenues and customer accounts
by customer class were as follows:
For both retail and wholesale customers, the prices (or rates) that FPL may charge are approved by regulatory bodies, by the FPSC in the case of retail customers and by the FERC in the case of wholesale customers. In general, under U.S. and Florida law, regulated rates are