the use of words or phrases such as may result, are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, believe, will, could, should, would, estimated, may, plan, potential, future, projection, goals, target, outlook, predict and intend or words of similar meaning) are not statements of historical facts and may be forward looking. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties. Accordingly, any such statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are accompanied by, important factors included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors (in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such forward-looking statements) that could have a significant impact on NEE's and/or FPL's operations and financial results, and could cause NEE's and/or FPL's actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of NEE and/or FPL in this combined Form 10-K, in presentations, on their respective websites, in response to questions or otherwise.
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and NEE and FPL undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including, but not limited to, unanticipated events, after the date on which such statement is made, unless otherwise required by law. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any forward-looking statement.
3
Table of Content
s
PART I
Item 1.  Business
OVERVIEW
NEE is one of the largest electric power and energy infrastructure companies in North America and a leader in the renewable energy industry. At December 31, 2024, NEE had approximately 72 gigawatts of net generation and storage capacity from a diverse portfolio of assets, primarily including natural gas, wind, solar and nuclear generation facilities and battery storage facilities. NEE has two principal businesses, FPL and NEER. FPL is the largest electric utility in the state of Florida and one of the largest electric utilities in the U.S. FPL’s strategic focus is centered on investing in generation, transmission and distribution facilities to deliver on its value proposition of keeping customer bills as low as possible and delivering high reliability, outstanding customer service and energy from diverse generation sources for the benefit of its more than
six million
customer accounts. NEER is the world's largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun, as well as a world leader in battery storage capacity. NEER’s strategic focus is centered on the development, construction and operation of long-term contracted assets throughout the U.S. and Canada,