are depreciated for tax purposes over a five-year period even though the useful life of such facilities is generally much longer than five years.
Owners of wind and solar facilities are eligible to claim an income tax credit (the PTC, or an ITC in lieu of the PTC) upon initially achieving commercial operation. Wind and solar generation facilities are eligible for 100% PTC or 30% ITC if such facilities start construction before the later of 2034 or the end of the calendar year following the year in which greenhouse gas emissions from U.S. electric generation are reduced by 75% from 2022 levels. The PTC is determined based on the amount of electricity produced by the facility during the first ten years of commercial operation. A facility must also meet certain labor requirements to qualify for the 100% PTC or 30% ITC rate or construction must have started on the facility before January 29, 2023. In addition, the PTC is increased by 10% and the ITC rate is increased by 10 percentage points for facilities that satisfy certain tax credit enhancement requirements. Retrofitted wind and solar generation facilities may qualify for a PTC or an ITC if the cost basis of the new investment is at least 80% of the retrofitted facility’s total fair value.
In addition, the 30% ITC applies to energy storage projects placed in service after 2022 (previously, such projects qualified only if they were connected to and charged by a renewable generation facility that claimed the ITC) as well as certain property with respect to renewable natural gas facilities (including gas upgrading equipment) that are placed in service after 2022 and began construction before 2025. Energy storage projects and renewable natural gas facilities are eligible for a 10 percentage point increase in the ITC rate if the facilities satisfy certain tax credit enhancement requirements.
15
Table of Content
s
Nuclear facilities placed in service before August 16, 2022, are eligible for a PTC of $3/MWh (increased to $15/MWh if certain prevailing wage requirements are satisfied) for electricity produced and sold after 2023 and before 2033. The PTC for these nuclear facilities begins to phase-out when gross receipts from electricity produced by the nuclear facility exceed $25/MWh and is completely phased-out when gross receipts exceed $43.75/MWh (subject to an annual inflation factor). Nuclear facilities placed in service after 2024 (including the restart of nuclear facilities previously in decommissioning) are eligible for the 100% PTC or 30% ITC, subject to the same requirements applicable to wind and solar facilities (discussed above).
For taxable years beginning after 2022, clean energy tax credits generated during the year can be transferred to an unrelated purchaser for cash, providing an additional path, along with sales of differential membership interests, for developers to monetize the value of clean energy tax credits.
Other countries, including Canada, provide for incentives like feed-in-