NEE and FPL and may cause actual results of
NEE and FPL to differ substantially from those that NEE or FPL currently expects or seeks. In that event, the market price for the securities of NEE or FPL could decline. Accordingly, the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future reports that NEE and FPL file with the SEC.
Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks
NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business.
The operations of NEE and FPL are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation. This extensive regulatory framework, portions of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other things and to varying degrees, NEE's and FPL's industry, businesses, operations, and rates and cost structures, including: permitting, planning, construction and operation of electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas, oil and other fuel production, transportation, processing and storage facilities; acquisitions, disposals, depreciation and amortization of facilities and other assets; decommissioning costs and funding; service reliability; wholesale and retail competition; and commodities trading and derivatives transactions. In their business planning and in the management of their operations, NEE and FPL must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise.
FPL operates as an electric utility and is subject to the jurisdiction of the FPSC over a wide range of business activities, including, among other items, the retail rates charged to its customers through base rates and cost recovery clauses, the terms and conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its customers and fuel for its plant operations, issuances of securities, and aspects of the siting, planning, construction and operation of its generation plants and transmission and distribution systems for the sale of electric energy. The FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery by FPL of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred, including those incurred to transition to lower carbon emission technology, and to determine the level of return that FPL is permitted to earn on invested capital. The regulatory process, which may be adversely affected by the