statements. See Note 5.
Noncontrolling Interests
–
Noncontrolling interests represent the portions of net assets in consolidated entities that are not owned by NEE and are reported as a component of equity on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2024, noncontrolling interests on NEE's consolidated balance sheets primarily reflects the interests related to differential membership interests discussed below, as well as other noncontrolling interests in certain wind and solar generation and transmission facilities sold to non-affiliated parties and XPLR Infrastructure Partners, LP (XPLR) (formerly NextEra Energy Partners, LP).
Certain subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources have sold Class B noncontrolling membership interests in entities that have ownership interests in wind generation, solar generation and battery storage facilities, with generating/storage capacity in operation or under construction totaling approximately
11,258
MW,
4,084
MW and
1,919
MW, respectively, at December 31, 2024
, to third-party investors (differential membership interests). The third-party investors are allocated earnings, tax attributes and cash flows in accordance with the respective limited liability company agreements. Those economics are allocated primarily to the third-party investors until they receive a targeted return (the flip date) and thereafter to NEE. NEE has the right to call the third-party interests at specified amounts if and when the flip date occurs. NEE has determined the allocation of economics between the controlling party and third-party investor should not follow the respective ownership percentages for each wind generation, solar generation and battery storage project but rather the hypothetical liquidation of book value (HLBV) method based on the governing provisions in each respective limited liability company agreement. Under the HLBV method, the amounts of income and loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest reflects changes in the amount the owners would hypothetically receive at each balance sheet date under the respective liquidation provisions, assuming the net assets of these entities were liquidated at the recorded amounts, after taking into account any capital transactions, such as contributions and distributions, between the entities and the owners. At the point in time that the third-party investor, in hypothetical liquidation, would achieve its targeted return, NEE attributes the additional hypothetical proceeds to the differential membership interests based on the call price. A loss attributable to noncontrolling interests on NEE’s consolidated statements of income represents earnings attributable to NEE.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, approximately $
9,062
million and $
8,857
million, respectively, of noncontrolling interests on NEE's consolidated balance sheets relates to differential membership interests. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, NEE recorded earnings of approximately $
1,329