transmission lines at
December 31, 2024
.
NEER engages in energy-related commodity marketing and trading activities, including entering into financial and physical contracts. These contracts primarily involve power and fuel commodities and their related products for the purpose of providing full energy and capacity requirements services, primarily to distribution utilities in certain markets, and offering customized power and fuel and related risk management services to wholesale customers, as well as to hedge the production from NEER's generation assets that is not sold under long-term power supply agreements. In addition, NEER participates in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production through operating and non-operating ownership interests, and in pipeline infrastructure construction, management and operations, through noncontrolling or joint venture interests. NEER hedges the expected output from its natural gas and oil production assets to protect against price movements. During the fourth quarter of 2024, as a result of selling ownership interests in certain natural gas and oil shale formations and in certain natural gas pipeline facilities (see Note 1 – Disposal of Businesses/Assets), NEER reassessed and changed its reporting unit structure to no longer report gas infrastructure as a separate reporting unit.
CLEAN ENERGY AND OTHER OPERATIONS
NEER sells products associated with its generation facilities (energy, capacity, RECs and ancillary services) in competitive markets in regions where those facilities are located. Customer transactions may be supplied from NEER generation facilities or from purchases in the wholesale markets, or from a combination thereof. See Markets and Competition below.
11
Table of Content
s
NEER's generation and battery storage projects, natural gas pipelines and transmission facilities (including noncontrolling or joint venture interests) at
December 31, 2024
are as follows:
12
Table of Content
s
Clean Energy
Generation Assets
NEER's portfolio of generation assets primarily consists of generation facilities with long-term power sales agreements for substantially all of their capacity and/or energy output. Information related to contracted generation assets at December 31, 2024 was as follows:
•
represented approximately 31,569 MW of total net generating capacity; and
•
weighted-average remaining contract term of the power sales agreements of approximately 14 years, primarily based on forecasted contributions to earnings.
NEER's merchant generation assets primarily consist of generation facilities that do not have long-term power sales agreements to sell their capacity and/or energy output and therefore require active marketing and hedging. Merchant generation assets at December 31, 2024 represented approximately 1,842 MW of total net generating capacity, including 805 MW from nuclear generation and 1,032 MW from other peak generation facilities, and are primarily located in the Northeast region of the