retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums as a result of their participation in a secondary financial protection system and nuclear insurance mutual companies.
30
Table of Content
s
Liability for accidents at nuclear power plants is governed by the Price-Anderson Act, which limits the liability of nuclear reactor owners to the amount of insurance available from both private sources and an industry retrospective payment plan. In accordance with this Act, NEE maintains the maximum amount of private liability insurance obtainable, and participates in a secondary financial protection system, which provides liability insurance coverage for an incident at any nuclear reactor in the U.S. Under the secondary financial protection system, NEE is subject to retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums, plus any applicable taxes, for an incident at any nuclear reactor in the U.S. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in Europe, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident. Such assessments, if levied, could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NRC orders or new regulations related to increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require NEE and FPL to incur substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear generation facilities and/or result in reduced revenues.
The NRC has broad authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation and maintenance of nuclear generation facilities, the addition of capacity at existing nuclear generation facilities and the construction of new nuclear generation facilities, and these requirements are subject to change. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down a nuclear generation facility, depending upon the NRC's assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Any of the foregoing events could require NEE and FPL to incur increased costs and capital expenditures, and could reduce revenues.
Any serious nuclear incident occurring at a NEE or FPL plant could result in substantial remediation costs and other expenses. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear generation facility. An incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world also could cause the NRC to impose additional conditions or other requirements on the industry, or on certain types of nuclear generation units, which could increase costs, reduce revenues and result in additional capital expenditures for NEE and FPL.
The
inability to operate any of NEE's or FPL's nuclear generation units through the end of their respective operating licenses or planned license extensions could have a mater
ial adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of