project operation, costs associated with construction work in progress are transferred to electric plant in service and other property.
Asset Retirement Obligations
– NEE and FPL each account for asset retirement obligations and conditional asset retirement obligations (collectively, AROs) under accounting guidance that requires a liability for the fair value of an ARO to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if it can be reasonably estimated, with the offsetting associated asset retirement costs capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived assets. NEE's AROs relate primarily to decommissioning obligations of FPL's and NEER's nuclear units and to obligations for the dismantlement of certain of NEER's wind and solar facilities. See Decommissioning of Nuclear Plants, Dismantlement of Plants and Other Accrued Asset Removal Costs below and Note 11.
For NEE's rate-regulated operations, including FPL, the asset retirement cost is allocated to a regulatory liability or regulatory asset using a systematic and rational method over the asset's estimated useful life. Changes in the ARO resulting from the passage of time are recognized as an increase in the carrying amount of the ARO and a decrease in the regulatory liability or regulatory asset. Changes resulting from revisions to the timing or amount of the original estimate of cash flows are recognized as an increase or a decrease in the ARO and asset retirement cost, or regulatory liability when asset retirement cost is depleted.
For NEE's non-rate regulated operations, the asset retirement cost is allocated to expense using a systematic and rational method over the asset's estimated useful life. Changes in the ARO resulting from the passage of time are recognized as an increase in the carrying amount of the liability and as accretion expense, which is included in depreciation and amortization expense in NEE's consolidated statements of income. Changes resulting from revisions to the timing or amount of the original
73
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
estimate of cash flows are recognized as an increase or a decrease in the ARO and asset retirement cost, or income when asset retirement cost is depleted.
Decommissioning of Nuclear Plants, Dismantlement of Plants and Other Accrued Asset Removal Costs
– For ratemaking purposes, FPL accrues for the cost of end of life retirement and disposal of its nuclear and other generation plants over the expected service life of each unit based on nuclear decommissioning and other generation dismantlement studies periodically filed with the FPSC. In addition, FPL accrues for interim removal costs over the life of the related assets based on depreciation studies approved by the FPSC. As approved by the FPSC, FPL previously suspended its annual nuclear decommissioning accrual. Any differences between expense recognized for financial reporting