determined using various internal and external data and applying a probability percentage to a variety of scenarios regarding the life of the plant and facilities, as well as the timing of decommissioning or dismantlement. The liabilities are being accreted using the interest method through the date decommissioning or dismantlement activities are expected to be complete. At
December 31, 2024 and 2023
, the AROs for decommissioning of NEER’s nuclear plants approximate
d $646 million and
$
607 million, respectively. NEER’s portion of the ultimate cost of decommissioning its nuclear plants, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the DOE under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approxima
tely $9.8 billion, or $2.2 billion ex
pressed in 2024 dollars. At
December 31, 2024 and 2023
, the AROs for dismantling certain of NEER’s wind facilities approximate
d $329 million and $296 million, respectively, and for dismantling certain of NEER's solar facilities approximated $315 million and $256 million, respectively.
See Note 1
–
Asset Retirement Obligations and
–
Decommissioning of Nuclear Plants, Dismantlement of Plants and Other Accrued Asset Removal Costs and Note 11.
Regulatory Accounting
Certain of NEE's businesses are subject to rate regulation which results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. See Note 1
–
Rate Regulation for details regarding NEE’s regulatory assets and liabilities.
Nature of Accounting Estimates
Regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process. Regulatory assets and liabilities are included in rate base or otherwise earn (pay) a return on investment during the recovery period.
52
Table of Content
s
Assumptions and Accounting Approach
Accounting guidance allows regulators to create assets and impose liabilities that would not be recorded by non-rate regulated entities. If NEE's rate-regulated entities, primarily FPL, were no longer subject to cost-based rate regulation, the existing regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off unless regulators specify an alternative means of recovery or refund. In addition, the regulators, including the FPSC for FPL, have the authority to disallow recovery of costs that they consider excessive or imprudently incurred. Such costs may include, among others, fuel and O&M expenses, the cost of replacing power lost when generation facilities are unavailable, storm restoration costs and costs associated with the construction or acquisition of new facilities. The continued applicability of regulatory accounting is assessed at each reporting period.
ENERGY MARKETING AND TRADING AND MARKET RISK SENSITIVITY
NEE and FPL are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices.
Financial instruments and positions affecting the financial statements of NEE and FPL