geopolitical, political, regulatory, operational and economic environment in Florida and elsewhere, limits or could otherwise adversely impact FPL's earnings. The regulatory process also does not provide any assurance as to achievement of authorized or other earnings levels, or that FPL will be permitted to earn an acceptable return on capital investments it wishes to make. NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if any material amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital cannot be recovered through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise. Certain other subsidiaries of NEE are utilities subject to the jurisdiction of their regulators and are subject to similar risks.
Regulatory decisions that are important to NEE and FPL may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory, operational and economic factors.
The local and national political, regulatory and economic environment has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on regulatory decisions with negative consequences for NEE and FPL. These decisions, which may come from any level of government, including through actions taken, or not taken, by government agencies as a result of executive orders, may require, for example, FPL or NEER to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that it may not be able to recover through rates or otherwise, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL.
Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support clean energy, including, but not limited to, tax laws, policies and incentives, RPS and feed-in-tariffs, or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties or other costs or assessments on clean energy or the equipment necessary to generate, store or deliver it, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new clean energy projects, NEE and FPL abandoning the development of clean energy projects, a loss of investments
21
Table of Content
s
in clean energy projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE depends heavily on government policies that support clean energy and enhance the economic feasibility of developing and operating clean energy projects in regions in which NEER and FPL operate or plan to develop and operate such facilities. The federal government, a majority of state governments in the U.S. and portions of Canada provide incentives, such as tax incentives, RPS or feed-in-tariffs, that support or are designed to support