natural gas transportation agreements with affiliates. The charges associated with these agreements are recoverable through the fuel clause and totaled approximately $
409
million, $
417
million and $
418
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, of which $
73
million, $
99
million and $
102
million, respectively, were eliminated in consolidation at NEE.
(b)
Includes approximately $
175
million of commitments to invest in technology and other investments through 2031. See Note 9 – Other.
(c)
Includes approximately $
870
million and $
40
million for 2025 and 2026, respectively, of joint obligations of NEECH and NEER.
Insurance
– Liability for accidents at nuclear power plants is governed by the Price-Anderson Act, which limits the liability of nuclear reactor owners to the amount of insurance available from both private sources and an industry retrospective payment plan. In accordance with this Act, NEE maintains $
500
million of private liability insurance per site, which is the maximum obtainable, except at Duane Arnold which obtained an exemption from the NRC and maintains a $
100
million private liability insurance limit. Each site, except Duane Arnold, participates in a secondary financial protection system, which provides up to $
15.8
billion of liability insurance coverage per incident at any nuclear reactor in the U.S. Under the secondary financial protection system, NEE is subject to retrospective assessments of up to $
1,161
million ($
664
million for FPL), plus any applicable taxes, per incident at any nuclear reactor in the U.S., payable at a rate not to exceed $
173
million ($
99
million for FPL) per incident per year. NextEra Energy Resources and FPL are contractually entitled to recover a proportionate share of such assessments from the owners of minority interests in Seabrook and St. Lucie Unit No. 2, which approximates $
20
million and $
25
million, plus any applicable taxes, per incident, respectively.
NEE participates in a nuclear insurance mutual company, Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited (NEIL), which provides property damage, nuclear accident decontamination and premature decommissioning insurance for each plant for losses resulting from damage to its nuclear facilities, either due to accidents or acts of terrorism. Additionally, NEIL provides accidental outage coverage for losses in the event of a major accidental outage at an insured nuclear plant. Pursuant to regulations of the NRC, each company’s property damage insurance policies provide that all proceeds from such insurance be applied first to place the plant in a safe and stable condition after a qualifying accident, and second, to decontaminate the plant before any proceeds can be used for decommissioning, plant repair or restoration.
NEE and FPL nuclear facilities each have accident property damage, nuclear accident decontamination and premature decommissioning liability insurance from NEIL with limits of $
1.5
billion, except for