through March 2023 and the second project under construction through July 2023. A NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary continues to operate the facilities included in the sale. In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately $
301
million ($
230
million after tax) was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is included in the gains on disposal of businesses/assets – net. In connection with the two facilities that were under construction, approximately $
251
million of cash received was recorded as contract liabilities on NEE's consolidated balance sheet. The contract liabilities related to sale proceeds from XPLR of approximately $
150
million and differential membership interests of approximately $
101
million. In 2023, the two facilities achieved commercial operations and approximately $
251
million of contract liabilities were reversed and the sale of those facilities was recognized for accounting purposes. In addition, NextEra Energy Resources was responsible to pay for all construction costs related to the portfolio. At December 31, 2023, approximately $
68
million was included in accounts payable on NEE's consolidated balance sheet and represented amounts owed by NextEra Energy Resources to XPLR to reimburse XPLR for construction costs.
In 2022, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold to an XPLR subsidiary a
67
% controlling ownership interest in a battery storage facility in California with storage capacity of
230
MW, for cash proceeds of approximately $
191
million, plus working capital and other adjustments of $
2
million. A NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary continues to operate the facility included in the sale. In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately $
87
million ($
66
million after tax) was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets – net.
In 2021, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold their
100
% ownership interest, comprised of a
50
% controlling ownership interest to an XPLR subsidiary and a
50
% noncontrolling ownership interest to a third party, in a portfolio of
seven
wind generation facilities and
six
solar generation facilities in geographically diverse locations throughout the U.S. representing a total generating capacity of
2,520
MW and
115
MW of battery storage capacity, three of which facilities were under construction. Total cash proceeds for these two separate transactions totaled approximately $
1.7
billion. NEER continued to consolidate the three projects under construction for accounting purposes through the first quarter of 2022. A NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary continues to operate the facilities included in the sales. In connection with the three facilities that were under construction, approximately $
668
million of cash received was recorded as contract liabilities on NEE’s consolidated balance. Upon the three facilities