achieving commercial operations and the resolution of contingencies, the contract liabilities were reversed and the sale of those facilities was recognized for accounting purposes. In addition, a gain of approximately $
117
million was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 which is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets – net.
2.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The promised goods or services in the majority of NEE’s contracts with customers is, at FPL, for the delivery of electricity based on tariff rates approved by the FPSC and, at NEER, for the delivery of energy commodities and the availability of electric capacity and electric transmission.
FPL and NEER generate substantially all of NEE’s operating revenues, which primarily include revenues from contracts with customers, as well as derivative (see Note 3) and lease transactions at NEER. For the vast majority of contracts with customers, NEE believes that the obligation to deliver energy, capacity or transmission is satisfied over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes benefits as NEE performs. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, NEE’s revenue from contracts with customers was approximately $
23.5
billion ($
16.9
billion at FPL), $
24.8
billion ($
18.2
billion at FPL) and $
23.0
billion ($
17.2
billion at FPL), respectively. NEE's and FPL's receivables are primarily associated with revenues earned from contracts with customers, as well as derivative and lease transactions at NEER, and consist of both billed and unbilled amounts, which are recorded in customer receivables and other receivables on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. Receivables represent unconditional rights to consideration and reflect the differences in timing of revenue recognition and cash collections. For substantially all of NEE's and FPL's receivables, regardless of the type of revenue transaction from which the receivable originated, customer and counterparty credit risk is managed in the same manner and the terms and conditions of payment are similar.
80
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
FPL
– FPL’s revenues are derived primarily from tariff-based sales that result from providing electricity to retail customers in Florida with no defined contractual term. Electricity sales to retail customers account for approximately
90
% of FPL’s 2024 operating revenues, the majority of which are to residential customers. FPL’s retail customers receive a bill monthly based on the amount of monthly kWh usage with payment due monthly. For these types of sales, FPL recognizes revenue as electricity is delivered and billed to customers, as