U.S., payable at a rate not to exceed $
173
million ($
99
million for FPL) per incident per year. NextEra Energy Resources and FPL are contractually entitled to recover a proportionate share of such assessments from the owners of minority interests in Seabrook and St. Lucie Unit No. 2, which approximates $
20
million and $
25
million, plus any applicable taxes, per incident, respectively.
NEE participates in a nuclear insurance mutual company, Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited (NEIL), which provides property damage, nuclear accident decontamination and premature decommissioning insurance for each plant for losses resulting from damage to its nuclear facilities, either due to accidents or acts of terrorism. Additionally, NEIL provides accidental outage coverage for losses in the event of a major accidental outage at an insured nuclear plant. Pursuant to regulations of the NRC, each company’s property damage insurance policies provide that all proceeds from such insurance be applied first to place the plant in a safe and stable condition after a qualifying accident, and second, to decontaminate the plant before any proceeds can be used for decommissioning, plant repair or restoration.
NEE and FPL nuclear facilities each have accident property damage, nuclear accident decontamination and premature decommissioning liability insurance from NEIL with limits of $
1.5
billion, except for Duane Arnold which has a limit of $
50
million due to being in a deferred decommissioning. All the nuclear facilities, except for Duane Arnold, also share an additional $
1.25
billion nuclear accident insurance limit above their dedicated underlying limit. This shared additional excess limit is not subject to reinstatement in the event of a loss. All coverages are subject to sublimits and deductibles.
NEE also participates in an insurance program that provides limited coverage for replacement power costs if a nuclear plant is out of service for an extended period of time because of an accident. In the event of an accident at one of NEE's or another participating insured's nuclear plants, NEE could be assessed up to $
175
million ($
110
million for FPL), plus any applicable
34
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(unaudited)
taxes, in retrospective premiums in a policy year. NextEra Energy Resources and FPL are contractually entitled to recover a proportionate share of such assessments from the owners of minority interests in Seabrook, Duane Arnold and St. Lucie Unit No. 2, which approximates $
3
million, $
2
million and $
4
million, plus any applicable taxes, respectively.
Due to the high cost and limited coverage available from third-party insurers, NEE does not have property insurance coverage for a substantial portion of either its transmission and distribution property or natural gas pipeline assets. If FPL's storm restoration costs exceed the storm reserve, such storm restoration