in any given calendar year, FPL may request an increase to the $
4
surcharge. See Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery below.
•
If federal or state permanent corporate income tax changes become effective during the term of the 2021 rate agreement, FPL will prospectively adjust base rates after a review by the FPSC.
In March 2024, the FPSC issued a supplemental final order regarding FPL's 2021 rate agreement. The order affirmed the FPSC's prior approval of the 2021 rate agreement and is intended to further document, as requested by the Florida Supreme Court, how the evidence presented led to and supports the FPSC's decision to approve FPL's 2021 rate agreement. In April 2024, Florida Rising, Inc., Environmental Confederation of Southwest Florida, Inc. and League of United Latin American Citizens of Florida (collectively, the appellants) submitted a notice of appeal to the Florida Supreme Court regarding the FPSC's supplemental final order. The Florida Supreme Court issued an order granting FPL's motion to expedite the schedule. Oral arguments were held in October 2024, and the appeal remains pending.
FPL 2025 Base Rate Proceeding
– On December 30, 2024, FPL filed a formal notification with the FPSC indicating its intent to initiate a base rate proceeding by submitting a
four-year
rate plan that would begin in January 2026 replacing the 2021 rate agreement. The notification states that, based on preliminary estimates, FPL expects to request a general base revenue requirement increase of approximately $
1.55
billion effective January 2026 and a subsequent increase of approximately $
930
million effective January 2027. The plan is also expected to request authority for a Solar and Battery Base Rate Adjustment mechanism to recover, subject to FPSC review, the revenue requirements associated with building and operating additional solar and battery storage projects in 2028 and 2029. In addition, FPL expects to propose an allowed regulatory ROE midpoint of
11.90
% and to incorporate the continued application of FPL's longstanding equity ratio approved in prior base rate cases. FPL expects to file its formal request to initiate a base rate proceeding on or around February 28, 2025.
Electric Plant, Depreciation and Amortization
– The cost of additions to units of property of FPL and NEER is added to electric plant in service and other property. In accordance with regulatory accounting, the cost of FPL's and NEER's rate-regulated transmission businesses' units of utility property retired, less estimated net salvage value, is charged to accumulated depreciation. Maintenance and repairs of property as well as replacements and renewals of items determined to be less than units of utility property are charged to other operations and maintenance (O&M) expenses. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, as amended, provided for an option to elect a cash grant (convertible investment tax credits (ITCs)) for certain renewable energy