Point Beach operating licenses for an additional 20 years. License renewals are pending.
NEER is responsible for all nuclear unit operations and the ultimate decommissioning of the nuclear units, the cost of which is shared on a pro-rata basis by the joint owners with respect to the Seabrook unit. NRC regulations require plant owners to submit a plan for decontamination and decommissioning five years before the projected end of plant operation. NEER's nuclear facilities use both on-site storage pools and dry storage casks to store spent nuclear fuel generated by these facilities, which, based on existing regulations, are expected to provide sufficient storage of spent nuclear fuel that is generated at these facilities through current license expiration, as well as through any pending license extensions.
NEER also maintains an approximately 70% interest in Duane Arnold, a nuclear facility located in Iowa that ceased operations in August 2020. NEER has a site-specific cost estimate and plan for decontamination and decommissioning on file with the NRC. All spent nuclear fuel housed onsite is in long-term dry storage until the DOE is able to take possession. In January 2025, NEER submitted a licensing path and exemption request with the NRC to explore the potential to recommission Duane Arnold. A recommissioning of Duane Arnold is contingent upon several factors including receipt of NRC regulatory approvals and approval of subsequent license renewal. In the event that Duane Arnold is not recommissioned, NEER estimates that the cost of decommissioning Duane Arnold is fully funded and would expect completion by approximately 2080.
Other Clean Energy
NEER's portfolio also includes assets and investments in other businesses with a clean energy focus, such as battery storage, natural gas pipelines and renewable fuels. At December 31, 2024, NextEra Energy Resources had net
ownership interests in approximately
3,379
MW of battery storage capacity.
In addition, NextEra Energy Resources has equity method investments in four natural gas pipelines located in the Southeast region of the U.S., which total approximately 1,052 miles of pipeline. NextEra Energy Resources' net ownership interests represent noncontrolling interests ranging from approximately 33.3% to 85.0% in the pipelines and total net capacity of 1.67 Bcf per day. NextEra Energy Resources owns, or has a partial ownership interest in, a portfolio of 29 biogas projects, one of which is an operating renewable natural gas facility and the others of which are primarily operating landfill gas-to-electric facilities.
Policy Incentives for Clean Energy Projects
U.S. federal, state and local governments have established various incentives to support the development of clean energy projects. These incentives include accelerated tax depreciation, PTCs, ITCs, cash grants, tax abatements and RPS programs. Pursuant to the U.S. federal Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System, wind and solar generation facilities