tariffs for renewable energy projects. The feed-in-tariffs promote renewable energy investments by offering long-term contracts to renewable energy producers, typically based on the cost of generation of each technology.
Other Operations
Rate-Regulated Transmission
– At December 31, 2024, certain entities within the NEER segment had ownership interests in rate-regulated transmission and related facilities.
______________________
(a)    Direct current
(b)    Includes a 33-mile transmission line and 5 substations, in which NEET owns a 65% interest.
(c)    Includes a substation, in which NEET owns an 88.3% interest.
(d)    Includes a 48-mile transmission line that went into service in January 2025.
Customer Supply
–
NEER provides commodities-related products to customers, engages in energy-related commodity marketing and trading activities and includes the operations of a retail electricity provider and ownership interests in natural gas and oil shale formations located primarily in the South region of the U.S. Through NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiary, NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC, NEER:
•
manages risk associated with fluctuating commodity prices and optimizes the value of NEER's power generation and natural gas and oil production assets through the use of swaps, options, futures and forwards;
•
sells output from NEER's plants that is not sold under long-term contracts and procures fuel for use by NEER's generation fleet;
•
provides full energy and capacity requirements to customers; and
•
markets and trades energy-related commodity products, including power and fuel, as well as marketing and trading services to customers.
16
Table of Content
s
MARKETS AND COMPETITION
Electricity markets in the U.S. and Canada are regional and diverse in character. All are extensively regulated, and competition in these markets is shaped and constrained by regulation. The nature of the products offered varies based on the specifics of regulation in each region. Generally, in addition to the natural constraints on pricing freedom presented by competition, NEER may also face specific constraints in the form of price caps, or maximum allowed prices, for certain products. NEER's ability to sell the output of its generation facilities may also be constrained by available transmission capacity, which can vary from time to time and can have a significant impact on pricing.
The degree and nature of competition is different in wholesale markets than in retail markets. A majority of NEER's revenues are derived from sales of energy, capacity, credits and ancillary products under long-term PPAs to customers located in wholesale electricity markets. Wholesale power generation is a capital-intensive, commodity-driven business with numerous industry participants. NEER primarily competes on the basis of price, but believes the green attributes of NEER's generation assets, its track record of completing projects on schedule, its creditworthiness and its ability to offer and