depreciation expense a provision for dismantlement, interim asset removal costs and accretion related to asset retirement obligations. For substantially all of NEER’s rate-regulated transmission assets, depreciation studies are performed periodically and filed with FERC which result in updated depreciation rates.
Nuclear Fuel
– FPL and NEER have several contracts for the supply of uranium and the conversion, enrichment and fabrication of nuclear fuel. See Note 15 – Contracts. FPL's and NEER's nuclear fuel costs are charged to fuel expense on a unit of production method.
Construction Activity
– Allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC) is a noncash item which represents the allowed cost of capital, including an ROE, used to finance construction projects. FPL records the portion of AFUDC attributable to borrowed funds as a reduction of interest expense and the remainder as other income. FPSC rules limit the recording of AFUDC to projects that have an estimated cost in excess of
0.4
% of a utility's plant in service balance and require more than one year to complete. FPSC rules allow construction projects below the applicable threshold as a component of rate base.
FPL's construction work in progress includes construction materials, progress payments on major equipment contracts, engineering costs, AFUDC and other costs directly associated with the construction of various projects. Upon completion of the projects, these costs are transferred to electric utility plant in service and other property. Capitalized costs associated with construction activities are charged to O&M expenses when recoverability is no longer probable.
NEER capitalizes project development costs once it is probable that such costs will be realized through the ultimate construction of the related asset or sale of development rights. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, NEER's capitalized development costs totaled approximately $
1.6
billion and $
1.5
billion, respectively, which are included in noncurrent other assets on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. These costs include land rights and other third-party costs directly associated with the development of a new project. Upon commencement of construction, these costs either are transferred to construction work in progress or remain in other assets, depending upon the nature of the cost. Capitalized development costs are charged to O&M expenses when it is probable that these costs will not be realized.
NEER's construction work in progress includes construction materials, progress payments on major equipment contracts, third-party engineering costs, capitalized interest and other costs directly associated with the construction and development of various projects. Interest expense allocated from NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. (NEECH) to NextEra Energy Resources is based on a deemed capital structure of
70
% debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries. Upon commencement of