the asset or liability through an orderly transaction in the marketplace at the measurement date.
Exchange-traded derivative assets and liabilities are valued using observable settlement prices from the exchanges and are classified as Level 1 or Level 2, depending on whether positions are in active or inactive markets.
NEE, through its subsidiaries, including FPL, also enters into non-exchange traded commodity derivatives. The majority of the valuation inputs are observable using exchange-quoted prices.
NEE, through NEER, also enters into full requirements contracts, which, in most cases, meet the definition of derivatives and are measured at fair value. These contracts typically have one or more inputs that are not observable and are significant to the valuation of the contract. In addition, certain non-exchange traded derivative options at NEE have one or more significant inputs that are not observable, and are valued using industry-standard option models.
In all cases where NEE and FPL use significant unobservable inputs for the valuation of a commodity contract, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. The primary input to the valuation models for commodity contracts is the forward commodity curve for the respective instruments. Other inputs include, but are not limited to, assumptions about market liquidity, volatility, correlation and contract duration as more fully described below in Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring Fair Value Measurements. In instances where the reference markets are deemed to be inactive or do not have transactions for a similar contract, the derivative assets and liabilities may be valued using significant other observable inputs and potentially significant unobservable inputs. In such instances, the valuation for these contracts is established using techniques including extrapolation from or interpolation between actively traded contracts, or estimated basis adjustments from liquid trading points. NEE and FPL regularly evaluate and validate the inputs used to determine fair value by a number of methods, consisting of various market price verification procedures, including the use of pricing services and broker quotes to support the market price of the various commodities. Where there are assumptions and models used to generate inputs for valuing derivative assets and liabilities, the review and verification of the assumptions and models are undertaken by individuals in an independent control function.
NEE uses interest rate contracts and foreign currency contracts to mitigate and adjust interest rate and foreign currency exchange exposure related primarily to certain outstanding and expected future debt issuances and borrowings when deemed appropriate based on market conditions or when required by financing agreements. NEE estimates the fair value of these derivatives using an income approach based on a discounted cash flows