are includ
ed in
noncurrent other assets, lease liabilities are included in current and noncurrent other liabilities and net investments in sales-type leases are included in current and noncurrent other assets on NEE’s and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease expense is included in O&M or fuel, purchased power and interchange expenses, interest and amortization expenses associated with finance leases are included in interest expense and depreciation and amortization expense, respectively, and rental income associated with operating leases and interest income associated with sales-type leases are included in operating revenues in NEE’s and FPL’s consolidated statements of income. See Note 10.
Disposal of Businesses/Assets
– In 2023, FPL sold its ownership interests in its Florida City Gas business for cash proceeds of approximately $
924
million. In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately $
406
million ($
306
million after tax at NEE and $
300
million after tax at FPL) was recorded in NEE's and FPL's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2023 and is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets – net.
In September 2024, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold
100
% ownership interests in certain natural gas and oil shale formations and, as part of a joint venture (pipeline joint venture), sold an ownership interest, representing an approximately
15
% economic interest, in
three
natural gas pipeline facilities located in the southern U.S. for total cash proceeds of approximately $
101
million (subject to post-closing adjustments). A NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary has operated and continues to operate
two
of the pipeline facilities included in the sale. In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately $
120
million ($
77
million after tax) was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2024 and is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets – net. Total assets of approximately $
2,211
million, primarily property, plant and equipment and investment in equity method investees, and total liabilities of approximately $
1,833
million, primarily long-term debt, were removed from NEE's balance sheet and an equity method investment of approximately $
396
million was recorded as a result of the transaction. NEE’s remaining interest, an approximately
85
% economic interest, in the pipeline joint venture is a noncontrolling interest based on the governance structure of the joint venture. The fair value of NEE’s retained interest was calculated based on significant estimates and assumptions, including Level 3 (unobservable) inputs. Estimates and assumptions include the projected timing and amount of future cash flows, discount rates reflecting risk inherent in future cash flows and future market prices.
In September 2024, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold an ownership interest, representing an approximately
65
% economic interest,