Expense
Depreciation and amortization expense increased $105 million during the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily reflecting approximately $118 million of higher amortization of deferred storm cost expenses primarily associated with Hurricanes Debby, Helene and Milton, as discussed above. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, FPL recorded reserve amortization of approximately $622 million and $572 million, respectively. Reserve amortization, or reversal of such amortization, reflects adjustments to accrued asset removal costs provided under the 2021 rate agreement in order to achieve the targeted regulatory ROE. Reserve amortization is recorded as either an increase or decrease to accrued asset removal costs which is reflected in noncurrent regulatory assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. At March 31, 2025, approximately $274 million of reserve amortization remains available under the 2021 rate agreement.
40
NEER
: Results of Operations
NEER’s results decreased $794 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025. The primary drivers, on an after-tax basis, of the changes are in the following table.
———————————————
(a)    Reflects after-tax project contributions, including the net effect of deferred income taxes and other benefits associated with renewable energy tax credits for wind, solar and storage projects, as applicable, but excludes allocation of interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses, except for an allocated credit support charge related to guarantees issued to conduct business activities. Results from projects, pipelines and rate-regulated transmission facilities and transmission lines are included in new investments during the first twelve months of operation or ownership. Project results, including repowered wind projects, and pipeline results are included in existing clean energy and rate-regulated transmission facilities and transmission lines are included in NEET beginning with the thirteenth month of operation or ownership.
(b)    Excludes allocation of interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses, except for an allocated credit support charge related to guarantees issued to conduct business activities, and includes natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production results.
(c)    See Overview – Adjusted Earnings for additional information.
New Investments
Results from new investments for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased primarily due to higher earnings related to new wind and solar generation and battery storage facilities that entered service during or after the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Other Factors
Supplemental to the primary drivers of the changes in NEER's results discussed above, the discussion below describes changes in certain line items set forth in NEE's condensed consolidated statements of income as they relate to NEER.
Operating Revenues
Operating revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025