debt securities are as follows:
The unrealized gains and unrealized losses on available for sale debt securities and the fair value of available for sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position are as follows:
———————————————
(a)    Unrealized losses on available for sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position for greater than twelve months at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were not material to NEE or FPL.
Regulations issued by the FERC and the NRC provide general risk management guidelines to protect nuclear decommissioning funds and to allow such funds to earn a reasonable return. The FERC regulations prohibit, among other investments, investments in any securities of NEE or its subsidiaries, affiliates or associates, excluding investments tied to market indices or mutual funds. Similar restrictions applicable to the decommissioning funds for NEER's nuclear plants are included in the NRC operating licenses for those facilities or in NRC regulations applicable to NRC licensees not in cost-of-service environments. With respect to the decommissioning fund for Seabrook, decommissioning fund contributions and withdrawals are also regulated by the New Hampshire Nuclear Decommissioning Financing Committee pursuant to New Hampshire law.
The nuclear decommissioning reserve funds are managed by investment managers who must comply with the guidelines of NEE and FPL and the rules of the applicable regulatory authorities. The funds' assets are invested giving consideration to taxes, liquidity, risk, diversification and other prudent investment objectives.
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements
– NEE tests its equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value. Indicators of impairment may include, among other things, an observable market price below NEE’s carrying value. Investments that are OTTI are written down to their estimated fair value on the reporting date and an impairment loss is recognized.
NextEra Energy Resources owns a noncontrolling interest in XPLR, primarily through its limited partner interest in XPLR OpCo, and accounts for this ownership interest as an equity method investment. During the preparation of NEE's March 31, 2025 financial statements, it was determined that NextEra Energy Resources' investment in XPLR was OTTI as a result of a significant decline in trading price of XPLR's common units following XPLR's announcement of a strategic repositioning, including suspension of the distribution to common unitholders for an indefinite period. The impairment reflected NEE's fair value analysis using the market approach and the observable trading price of XPLR's common units at March 31, 2025 of $
9.50
. When making the OTTI determination, NEE considered, among other things, the extent to which the publicly traded unit price was less than cost. Based on the fair value analysis, the equity method investment with