Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of December 31, 2024, each of NEE and FPL had performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including NEE's and FPL's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of each company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of each of NEE and FPL concluded that the company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
(a)
Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
(b)
Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
(c)
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
NEE and FPL are continuously seeking to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their operations and of their internal controls. This results in refinements to processes throughout NEE and FPL. However, there has been no change in NEE's or FPL's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during NEE's and FPL's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, NEE's or FPL's internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B.  Other Information
(b)
On
November 5, 2024
,
James May
,
Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
,
adopted
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of
2,177
shares of NEE's common stock until
November 5, 2025
.
Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable
114
Table of Contents
PART III
Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this item will be included under the headings "Business of the Annual Meeting," "Information About NextEra Energy and Management" and "Corporate Governance and Board Matters" in NEE's Proxy Statement which will be filed with the SEC in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (NEE's Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference, or is included in Item 1. Business – Information About Our Executive Officers.
NEE has adopted the NextEra Energy, Inc. Code of Ethics for Senior Executive and Financial Officers (the Senior Financial Executive Code), which is applicable to the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer and other senior executive and financial officers. The Senior Financial Executive Code is available under Corporate Governance in the Investor Relations