pending completion of a review of the federal rules providing for leasing, permitting and approvals for wind projects. This or similar initiatives could limit NEER’s and FPL's ability to obtain or renew necessary approvals, rights-of-way, permits, leases or loans for wind or other energy projects.
NEER HUMAN CAPITAL
NEER had approximately 7,400 employees at December 31, 2024. NEER has collective bargaining agreements with the IBEW, the Utility Workers Union of Amer
ica and the Security Police and Fire Professionals of America, which collectively repr
esent approximately 6% of NEER's employees. The collective bargaining agreements have approximately
three-to-four-year terms and expire between September 2025 and October 2028.
19
Table of Content
s
NEE ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
NEE and its subsidiaries, including FPL, are subject to environmental laws and regulations, including extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to, among others, air quality, water quality and usage, waste management, wildlife protection and historical resources, for the siting, construction and ongoing operations of their facilities. The U.S. government and certain states and regions, as well as the Government of Canada and its provinces, have taken and continue to take certain actions, such as proposing and finalizing regulations or setting targets or goals, regarding the regulation and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and the increase of renewable energy generation. The environmental laws in the U.S., including, among others, the Endangered Species Act (ESA), the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act (BGEPA), provide for the protection of numerous species, including endangered species and/or their habitats, migratory birds, bats and eagles. The environmental laws in Canada, including, among others, the Species at Risk Act, provide for the recovery of wildlife species that are endangered or threatened and the management of species of special concern. Complying with these environmental laws and regulations could result in, among other things, changes in the design and operation of, and additional costs associated with, existing facilities and changes or delays in the location, design, construction and operation of new facilities. Failure to comply could result in fines, penalties, criminal sanctions or injunctions. NEE's rate-regulated subsidiaries expect to seek recovery for compliance costs associated with any new environmental laws and regulations, which recovery for FPL would be through the environmental clause.
WEBSITE ACCESS TO SEC FILINGS
NEE and FPL make their SEC filings, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, available free of charge on NEE's internet website, www.nexteraenergy.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after those documents are electronically filed with or furnished to