the fiscal year, the reviews of the financial statements included in FPL's and NEE's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q during the fiscal year and the audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, comfort letters, and consents.
(b)
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of FPL's and NEE's consolidated financial statements and are not reported under audit fees. These fees primarily relate to audits of subsidiary financial statements and financial systems pre-implementation internal control assessment.
(c)
Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These fees primarily relate to research and development tax credit advice and planning services.
(d)
All other fees consist of fees for products and services other than the services reported under the other named categories. In 2024, these fees relate to training, and in 2023, these fees relate to training and advisory services for IT job architecture and skills descriptions.
In accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Audit Committee Charter and the Audit Committee's pre-approval policy for services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, all services performed by Deloitte & Touche are approved in advance by the Audit Committee, except for audits of certain trust funds where the fees are paid by the trust. Permitted services specifically identified in an appendix to the pre-approval policy are pre-approved by the Audit Committee each year. This pre-approval allows management to request the specified permitted services on an as-needed basis during the year, provided any such services are reviewed with the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. Any permitted service for which the fee is expected to exceed $500,000, or that involves a service not listed on the pre-approval list, must be specifically approved by the Audit Committee prior to commencement of such service. The Audit Committee has delegated to the Chair of the committee the right to approve audit, audit-related, tax and other services, within certain limitations, between meetings of the Audit Committee, provided any such decision is presented to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. At each Audit Committee meeting (other than meetings held to review earnings materials), the Audit Committee reviews a schedule of services for which Deloitte & Touche has been engaged since the prior Audit Committee meeting under existing pre-approvals and the estimated fees for those services. In 2024 and 2023, none of the amounts presented above represent services provided to NEE or FPL by Deloitte & Touche that were approved by the Audit Committee after services were rendered pursuant to Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X (which provides for a waiver of the