receivable that is estimated using a percentage derived from historical revenue and write-off trends, adjusted for current events and forecasts. NEER regularly reviews collectibility of its receivables and establishes a provision for losses estimated as a percentage of accounts receivable based on the historical bad debt write-off trends, adjusted for current events and forecasts. When necessary, NEER uses the specific identification method for all other receivables.
NEE's credit department monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates using established standards and credit quality indicators such as credit ratings, certain financial ratios and delinquency trends. NEE requires credit enhancements or secured payment terms from customers who do not meet the minimum criteria.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, NEE recorded approximately $
52
million, $
77
million and $
113
million, respectively, of bad debt expense, including credit losses, which are included in O&M expenses in NEE’s consolidated statements of income.
Inventory
– FPL values materials, supplies and fuel inventory using a weighted-average cost method. NEER's materials, supplies and fuel inventories, which include emissions allowances and renewable energy credits, are carried at the lower of weighted-average cost and net realizable value, unless evidence indicates that the weighted-average cost will be recovered with a normal profit upon sale in the ordinary course of business.
Energy Trading
– NEE provides full energy and capacity requirements services primarily to distribution utilities, which include load-following services and various ancillary services, in certain markets and engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities to optimize the value of electricity and fuel contracts, generation facilities and natural gas and oil production assets, as well as to take advantage of projected favorable commodity price movements. Trading contracts that meet the definition of a derivative are accounted for at fair value and realized gains and losses from all trading contracts, including those where physical delivery is required, are recorded net for all periods presented. See Note 3.
Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery
– The storm funds provide coverage toward FPL's storm damage costs. Marketable securities held in the storm funds are carried at fair value. See Note 4. Fund earnings, consisting of dividends, interest and realized gains and losses, net of taxes, are reinvested in the funds. Fund earnings, as well as any changes in unrealized gains and losses, are not recognized in income and are reflected as a corresponding adjustment to the storm reserve. The tax effects of amounts not yet recognized for tax purposes are included in deferred income taxes. The storm funds are included in special use funds and the storm reserves in noncurrent regulatory liabilities or, in the case of a deficit, in regulatory