revenue that NEER expects to derive from the associated generation facility. Contracts that serve the economic purpose of hedging some portion of the expected revenue of a generation facility but are not recorded as hedges under GAAP are referred to as “non-qualifying hedges” for adjusted earnings purposes. See Management's Discussion – Overview – Adjusted Earnings.
Certain facilities within the NEER wind and solar generation portfolio produce RECs and other environmental attributes which are typically sold along with the energy from the plants under long-term contracts, or may be sold separately from wind and solar generation not sold under long-term contracts. The purchasing party is solely entitled to the reporting rights and ownership of the environmental attributes.
While the majority of NEER's revenue is derived from the output of its generation facilities, NEER is also an active competitor in several regions in the wholesale full requirements business and in providing structured and customized power and fuel products and services to a variety of customers. In the full requirements service, typically, the supplier agrees to meet the customer's needs for a full range of products for every hour of the day, at a fixed price, for a predetermined period of time, thereby assuming the risk of fluctuations in the customer's volume requirements.
Expanded competition in a frequently changing regulatory environment presents both opportunities and risks for NEER. Opportunities exist for the selective acquisition of generation assets and for the construction and operation of efficient facilities
18
Table of Content
s
that can sell power in competitive markets. NEER seeks to reduce its market risk by having a diversified portfolio by fuel type and location, as well as by contracting for the future sale of a significant amount of the electricity output of its facilities.
NEER REGULATION
The energy markets in which NEER operates are subject to domestic and foreign regulation, as the case may be, including local, state and federal regulation, and other specific rules.
At December 31, 2024
, essentially all of NEER's generation facilities
located in the U.S. have received exempt wholesale generator status as defined under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005. Exempt wholesale generators own or operate a facility exclusively to sell electricity to wholesale customers. They are barred from selling electricity directly to retail customers. While projects with exempt wholesale generator status are exempt from various restrictions, each project must still comply with other federal, state and local laws, including, but not limited to, those regarding siting, construction, operation, licensing, pollution abatement and other environmental laws.
Additionally, most of the NEER facilities located in the U.S. are subject to FERC regulations and market rules and the NERC's mandatory reliability standards. All of NEER's facilities are subject to environmental