cybersecurity and the executive director cybersecurity
are responsible for assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats.
They have careers that represent more than 50 years of combined experience related to the management and protection of technologies.
These individuals participate in or receive updates from not only the cybersecurity incident response team but also cybersecurity oversight committees, such as the Cybersecurity and Resiliency Committee comprised of various members of management, including the executive vice president and chief risk officer, presidents and chief executive officers of FPL and NEER, the executive vice president, finance and chief financial officer and the executive vice president, chief legal, environmental & federal regulatory affairs officer, and the Cybersecurity Governance Executive Committee comprised of various members of management, including the vice president, internal audit and the executive director, emergency preparedness. These committees are charged with governing cybersecurity, cyber risks and resilience activities as well as the cyber and physical security policies and programs for NEE and its subsidiaries.
NEE’s Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats and receives cybersecurity reports from NEE’s vice president and chief information officer and its vice president cybersecurity. The cybersecurity reports to the Board of Directors include various information, such as updates on the cybersecurity threat landscape, risk assessments, mitigation plans, including cyber defenses, notable incidents and a summary of the annual cyber drill results. Significant active cybersecurity incidents and threats are communicated to the
Board of Directors
as they occur.
Item 2.  Properties
See Item 1. Business
–
FPL and Item 1. Business
–
NEER for a description of principal properties.
Character of Ownership
Substantially all of FPL's properties are subject to the lien of FPL's mortgage, which secures most long-term debt securities issued by FPL. The majority of FPL's real property is held in fee and is free from other encumbrances, subject to minor exceptions which are not of a nature as to substantially impair the usefulness to FPL of such properties. Some of FPL's electric lines are located on parcels of land which are not owned in fee by FPL but are covered by necessary consents of governmental authorities or rights obtained from owners of private property. Subsidiaries within the NEER segment have ownership interests in entities that own generation facilities, pipeline facilities and transmission assets and a number of those facilities and assets are encumbered by liens securing various financings. Additionally, the majority of NEER's generation facilities, pipeline facilities and transmission lines are located on land under easement, rights-of-way or leased from owners of private property or governmental entities. Se
e Note 7 – FPL and – NEER.
Item