sold prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis, which are recognized in other – net in NEE's consolidated statements of income. Market adjustments for equity securities are recorded in change in unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities held in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds – net in NEE's consolidated statements of income. Fund earnings, consisting of dividends, interest and realized gains and losses are recognized in income and are reinvested in the funds. The tax effects of amounts not yet recognized for tax purposes are included in deferred income taxes.
Major Maintenance Costs
– FPL expenses costs associated with planned maintenance for its non-nuclear electric generation plants as incurred. FPL recognizes costs associated with planned major nuclear maintenance in accordance with regulatory treatment. FPL defers nuclear maintenance costs for each nuclear unit’s planned outage to a regulatory asset as the costs are incurred. FPL amortizes the costs to O&M expense using the straight-line method over the period from the end of the current outage to the next planned outage where the respective work scope is performed.
NEER uses the deferral method to account for certain planned major maintenance costs. NEER's major maintenance costs for its nuclear generation units, combustion turbines and battery storage are capitalized (included in noncurrent other assets on NEE's consolidated balance sheets) and amortized to O&M expense using the straight-line method over the period from the end of the current outage to the next planned outage where the respective work scope is performed.
Cash Equivalents
– Cash equivalents consist of short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of generally three months or less.
Restricted Cash
– At December 31, 2024 and 2023, NEE had approximately $
159
million ($
101
million for FPL) and $
730
million ($
15
million for FPL), respectively, of restricted cash, which, at December 31, 2024, was offset by $
244
million of cash received on exchange-traded derivative positions resulting in a balance of $(
85
) million. Restricted cash accounts are included in current other assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets and primarily relate to debt service payments and margin cash collateral requirements (funding) at NEER and bond proceeds held for construction at FPL. In addition, where offsetting positions exist, restricted cash related to margin cash collateral of $
279
million is netted against derivative assets at December 31, 2024 and $
194
million is netted against derivative assets and $
815
million is netted against derivative liabilities at December 31, 2023. See Note 3.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts and Credit Losses
– NEE, including FPL, follows the current expected credit loss model to account for credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost, which includes customer accounts receivable. FPL maintains an accumulated provision for uncollectible customer accounts