laws and the EPA's environmental regulations, and its nuclear facilities are also subject to the jurisdiction of the NRC. See FPL – FPL Regulation for additional discussion of FERC, NERC, NRC and EPA regulations. Rates of NEER's rate-regulated transmission businesses are set by regulatory bodies as noted in Clean Energy and Other Operations – Other Operations – Rate-Regulated Transmission. With the exception of facilities located in ERCOT, the FERC has jurisdiction over various aspects of NEER's business in the continental U.S., including the oversight and investigation of competitive wholesale energy markets, regulation of the transmission and sale of natural gas, and oversight of environmental matters related to natural gas projects and major electricity policy initiatives. The PUCT has jurisdiction, including the regulation of rates and services, oversight of competitive markets, and enforcement of statutes and rules, over NEER facilities located in ERCOT. In addition, certain of NEER's sales to retail customers are subject to consumer protection laws and other regulations related to consumer activities.
Certain entities within the NEER segment and their affiliates are also subject to federal and provincial or regional regulations in Canada related to energy operations, energy markets and environmental standards. In Canada, activities related to owning and operating wind and solar projects and participating in wholesale and retail energy markets are regulated at the provincial level. In Ontario, for example, electric generation facilities must be licensed by the OEB and may also be required to complete registrations and maintain market participant status with the IESO, in which case they must agree to be bound by and comply with the provisions of the market rules for the Ontario electricity market as well as the mandatory reliability standards of the NERC.
In addition, NEER is subject to environmental laws and regulations as described in the NEE Environmental Matters section below. In order to better anticipate potential regulatory changes, NEER continues to actively monitor and participate in regional market stakeholder processes and other forums where changes to existing rules for the interconnection of renewable energy resources and the purchase and sale of energy commodities are under consideration.
In addition to regulation associated with operating assets, the development of energy infrastructure also involves additional and often extensive approvals and permitting requirements at the local, state and federal levels for items such as disturbing wetlands, obtaining no hazard determinations from the Federal Aviation Administration, interacting with wildlife, making wholesale sales of electricity, and other clearances. These requirements may change from time to time. For example, a federal executive order was issued in January 2025 that calls for a pause in federal land leasing, permitting and approvals for wind development facilities