manage reliable customized risk solutions to wholesale customers are competitive advantages. Wholesale power generation is a regional business that is highly fragmented relative to many other commodity industries and diverse in terms of industry structure. As such, there is a wide variation in terms of the capabilities, resources, nature and identity of the companies NEER competes with depending on the market. In wholesale markets, customers' needs are met through a variety of means, including long-term bilateral contracts, standardized bilateral products such as full requirements service and customized supply and risk management services.
In general, U.S. and Canadian electricity markets encompass three classes of services: energy and related energy credits, capacity and ancillary services. Energy services relate to the physical delivery of power; capacity services relate to the availability of MW capacity of a power generation asset; and ancillary services are other services that relate to power generation assets, such as load regulation and spinning and non-spinning reserves. The exact nature of these classes of services is defined in part by regional tariffs. Not all regions have a capacity services class, and the specific definitions of ancillary services vary from region to region.
RTOs and ISOs exist throughout much of North America to coordinate generation and transmission across wide geographic areas and to run markets. NEER operates in all RTO and ISO jurisdictions. At December 31, 2024, NEER also had generation facilities with a total net generating capacity of approximately 9,196 MW that fall within reliability regions that are not under the jurisdiction of an established RTO or ISO, including 5,806 MW within the Western Electricity Coordinating Council and 2,909 MW within the SERC Reliability Corporation. Although each RTO and ISO may have differing objectives and structures, some benefits of these entities include regional planning, managing transmission congestion, developing larger wholesale markets for energy and capacity, maintaining reliability and facilitating competition among wholesale electricity providers.
17
Table of Content
s
NEER has operations that fall within the following RTOs and ISOs
:
NEER competes in different regions to differing degrees, but in general it seeks to enter into long-term bilateral contracts for the full output of its generation facilities. At December 31, 2024, approximately 94% of NEER's net generating capacity was committed under long-term contracts. Where long-term contracts are not in effect, NEER sells the output of its facilities into daily spot markets. In such cases, NEER will frequently enter into shorter term bilateral contracts, typically of less than three years duration, to hedge the price risk associated with selling into a daily spot market. Such bilateral contracts, which may be hedges either for physical delivery or for financial (pricing) offset, serve to protect a portion of the