as part of a joint venture (renewable assets joint venture), consisting of a portfolio of
five
wind generation facilities and
three
solar generation facilities located in geographically diverse locations throughout the U.S. with a total generating capacity of
1,634
MW, for cash proceeds of approximately $
900
million. A NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary continues to operate the facilities included in the sale. In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately $
103
million ($
76
million after tax) was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2024 and is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets – net. Total assets of approximately $
2,520
million, primarily property, plant and equipment, and total noncontrolling interests of approximately $
844
million were removed from NEE's balance sheet and an equity method investment of approximately $
831
million was recorded as a result of the transaction. NEE’s remaining interest, an approximately
35
% economic interest, in the renewable assets joint venture is a noncontrolling interest based on the governance structure of the joint venture. Upon the projects in the renewable assets joint venture obtaining financing in the fourth quarter of 2024, NEE received a distribution of approximately $
386
million. The fair value of NEE’s retained interest was calculated based on significant estimates and assumptions, including Level 3 (unobservable) inputs. Estimates and assumptions include the projected timing and amount of future cash flows, discount rates reflecting risk inherent in future cash flows and future market prices.
In 2023, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold to an XPLR subsidiary their
100
% ownership interests in
five
wind generation facilities and
three
solar generation facilities located in geographically diverse locations throughout the U.S. with a
79
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
total generating capacity of
688
MW for cash proceeds of approximately $
566
million, plus working capital of $
32
million. A NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary continues to operate the facilities included in the sale.
In 2022, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold (i) a
49
% controlling ownership interest in
three
wind generation facilities and
one
solar plus battery facility located in geographically diverse locations throughout the U.S. with a total generating capacity of
1,437
MW and
65
MW of battery storage capacity, two of which facilities were under construction, and (ii) their
100
% ownership interest in
three
wind generation facilities located in the Midwest region of the U.S. with a total generating capacity of
347
MW to an XPLR subsidiary for cash proceeds of approximately $
805
million, plus working capital and other adjustments of $
8
million. NEER continued to consolidate one of the projects under construction for accounting purposes