subsidiaries of NEE have agreed and in the future may agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties, including those associated with asset divestitures, for possible unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. The specified events may include, but are not limited to, an adverse judgment in a lawsuit, or the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretations of the tax law. NEE is unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments by its subsidiaries under some of these contracts because events that would obligate them to make payments have not occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence.
NEECH, a 100% owned subsidiary of NEE, provides funding for, and holds ownership interests in, NEE's operating subsidiaries other than FPL. NEE has fully and unconditionally guaranteed certain payment obligations of NEECH, including most of its debt and all of its debentures registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and commercial paper issuances, as well as most of its payment guarantees and indemnifications, and NEECH has guaranteed certain debt and other obligations of subsidiaries within the NEER segment. Certain guarantee arrangements described above contain requirements for NEECH and FPL to maintain a specified credit rating. For a discussion of credit rating downgrade triggers, see Credit Ratings below.
NEE fully and unconditionally guarantees NEECH debentures pursuant to a guarantee agreement, dated as of June 1, 1999 (1999 guarantee) and NEECH junior subordinated debentures pursuant to an indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006 (2006 guarantee). The 1999 guarantee is an unsecured obligation of NEE and ranks equally and ratably with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of NEE. The 2006 guarantee is unsecured and subordinate and junior in right of payment to NEE senior indebtedness (as defined therein). No payment on those junior subordinated debentures may be made under the 2006 guarantee until all NEE senior indebtedness has been paid in full in certain circumstances. NEE’s and NEECH’s ability to meet their financial obligations are primarily dependent on their subsidiaries’ net income, cash flows and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to NEE and NEECH. The dividend-paying ability of some of the subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are contained in outstanding financing agreements.
45
Table of Content
s
Summarized financial information of NEE and NEECH is as follows:
______________________
(a)    Excludes intercompany transactions, and investments in, and equity in earnings of, subsidiaries.
(b)    Information has been prepared on the same basis of accounting as NEE's consolidated financial statements.
Shelf Registration
In March 2024, NEE, NEECH and FPL filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC for an unspecified amount of securities, which became