economy, capital and credit markets, NEE's and FPL's workforce, customers and suppliers. There is no assurance that NEE's and FPL's businesses will be able to operate without material adverse impacts depending on the nature of the public health crisis, epidemic or pandemic. The ultimate severity, duration and impact of public health crises, epidemics and pandemics cannot be predicted. Additionally, there is no assurance that vaccines, or other treatments, are or will be widely available or effective, or that the public will be willing to participate, in an effort to contain the spread of disease. Actions taken in response to such crises by federal, state and local government or regulatory agencies may have a material adverse impact on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments
None
Item 1C.  Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
Cybersecurity risk management is included in NEE’s, including FPL’s, overall risk management program.
NEE, including FPL, operates a cybersecurity program which, among other objectives, seeks to identify potential unauthorized occurrences on or conducted through the electronic information resources owned or used by NEE or FPL (information systems) that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity or availability of its information systems or any information residing on those systems (cybersecurity threats) as well as on its operations. The cybersecurity program includes controls to reduce the risk and potential impact of a cybersecurity incident and to align its processes, controls and implemented technologies with industry standard frameworks and regulations. In addition, outside experts assess NEE’s, including FPL’s, cybersecurity program capabilities, technology environment and security controls to regularly evaluate effectiveness.
NEE, including FPL, operates a cybersecurity operations center and has cyber threat intelligence capability to identify, monitor, detect and respond to cybersecurity threats which is led by a cybersecurity incident response team.
NEE, including FPL, uses these resources, and leverages third-party resources, to identify cybersecurity threats and monitor for anomalies that may result in cybersecurity incidents on its systems, and monitors for impacts to its vendors or suppliers.
Assessment of incidents includes, but is not limited to, analysis of the urgency and operational or business impact of an incident and the status and effectiveness of incident defenses. NEE, including FPL, invests in personnel and technologies with the objective of limiting the frequency and impact of cybersecurity incidents. Following documented cybersecurity incident response procedures, the cybersecurity incident response team escalates information about cybersecurity incidents depending on circumstances to oversight committees and personnel charged with managing specific aspects of cybersecurity risk,