borrowings. In addition, NEE, through NEER, uses derivatives to optimize the value of its power generation and natural gas and oil production assets and engages in power and
fuel
marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements.
Nature of Accounting Estimates
Accounting pronouncements require the use of fair value accounting if certain conditions are met, which may require significant judgment to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. This applies not only to traditional financial derivative instruments, but to any contract having the accounting characteristics of a derivative. As a result, significant judgment must be used in applying derivatives accounting guidance to contracts. In the event changes in interpretation occur, it is possible that contracts that currently are excluded from derivatives accounting rules would have to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in the statement of income.
Assumptions and Accounting Approach
Derivative instruments, when required to be marked to market, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value using a combination of market and income approaches. Fair values for some of the longer-term contracts where liquid markets are not available are derived through the use of industry-standard valuation techniques, such as internally developed models which estimate the fair value of a contract by calculating the present value of the difference between the contract price and the forward prices. Forward prices represent the price at which a buyer or seller could contract today to purchase or sell a commodity at a future date.
The near-term forward market for electricity is generally liquid and therefore the prices in the early years of the forward curves reflect observable market quotes. However, in the later years, the market is much less liquid and forward price curves must be developed using factors including the forward prices for the commodities used as fuel to generate electricity, the expected system heat rate (which measures the efficiency of power plants in converting fuel to electricity) in the region where the purchase or sale takes place, and a fundamental forecast of expected spot prices based on modeled supply and demand in the region. NEE estimates the fair value of interest rate and foreign currency derivatives using an income approach based on a discounted cash flows valuation technique utilizing
the net amount of estimated future cash inflows and outflows related to the
48
Table of Content
s
derivative agreements. The assumptions in these models are critical since any changes therein could have a significant impact on the fair value of the derivative.
At FPL, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the
fuel clause
.