assets and liabilities of those VIEs at such date totaled approximately $
23,902
million and $
1,546
million, respectively. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the assets of these VIEs consisted primarily of property, plant and equipment, and as of December 31, 2024, the liabilities of these VIEs consisted primarily of accounts payable.
Other
– At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, several NEE subsidiaries had investments totaling approximately $
5,748
million ($
4,365
million at FPL) and $
5,848
million ($
4,506
million at FPL), respectively, which are included in special use funds and noncurrent other assets on NEE's condensed consolidated balance sheets and in special use funds on FPL's condensed consolidated balance sheets. These investments represented primarily commingled funds and asset-backed securities. NEE subsidiaries, including FPL, are not the primary beneficiaries and therefore do not consolidate any of these entities because they do not control any of the ongoing activities of these entities, were not involved in the initial design of these entities and do not have a controlling financial interest in these entities.
Certain subsidiaries of NEE have noncontrolling interests in entities accounted for under the equity method, including NEE's noncontrolling interest in XPLR OpCo (see Note 5). These entities are limited partnerships or similar entity structures in which the limited partners or non-managing members do not have substantive rights over the significant activities of these entities, and therefore are considered VIEs. NEE is not the primary beneficiary because it does not have a controlling financial interest in these entities, and therefore does not consolidate any of these entities. NEE’s investment in these entities totaled approximately $
2,482
million and $
3,315
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. At March 31, 2025, subsidiaries of NEE had guarantees related to certain obligations of
one
of these entities, as well as commitments to invest an additional approximately $
170
million in several of these entities. See further discussion of such guarantees and commitments in Note 11 – Commitments and – Contracts, respectively.
29
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(unaudited)
7.
Employee Retirement Benefits
NEE sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of NEE and its subsidiaries and sponsors a contributory postretirement plan for other benefits for retirees of NEE and its subsidiaries meeting certain eligibility requirements.
The components of net periodic cost (income) for the plans are as follows:
———————————————
(a)
Reflects enhanced early retirement benefit.
8.
Debt
Significant long-term debt issuances and borrowings during the three months ended March 31, 2025 were as follows:
———————————————
(a)
Variable rate is based on an underlying index plus