and is therefore filing this Form with the reduced disclosure format.
DEFINITIONS
Acronyms and defined terms used in the text include the following:
NEE, FPL, NEECH, NextEra Energy Resources and NEET each has subsidiaries and affiliates with names that may include NextEra Energy, FPL, NextEra Energy Resources, NextEra Energy Transmission, NextEra, FPL Group, FPL Energy, FPLE and similar references. For convenience and simplicity, in this report the terms NEE, FPL, NEECH, NextEra Energy Resources, NEET and NEER are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific subsidiaries, affiliates or groups of subsidiaries or affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context.
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions, strategies, future events or performance (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as: may result, are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, believe, will, could, should, would, estimated, may, plan, potential, future, projection, goals, target, outlook, predict and intend or words of similar meaning) are not statements of historical facts and may be forward looking. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties. Accordingly, any such statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are accompanied by, the following important factors (in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such forward-looking statements) that could have a significant impact on NEE's and/or FPL's operations and financial results, and could cause NEE's and/or FPL's actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of NEE and/or FPL in this combined Form 10-Q, in presentations, on their respective websites, in response to questions or otherwise.
Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks
•
NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business.
•
NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise.
•
Regulatory decisions that are important to NEE and FPL may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory, operational and economic factors.
•
Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support clean energy, including, but not limited to, tax laws, policies and