production assets and engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements. See Note 2.
The changes in the fair value of NEE's consolidated subsidiaries' energy contract derivative instruments for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were as follows:
NEE's total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at March 31, 2025 shown above are included on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as follows:
46
The sources of fair value estimates and maturity of energy contract derivative instruments at March 31, 2025 were as follows:
The changes in the fair value of NEE's consolidated subsidiaries' energy contract derivative instruments for the three months ended March 31, 2024 were as follows:
With respect to commodities, NEE's
Exposure Management Committee (EMC), which is compri
sed of certain members of senior management, and
NEE
's chief executive officer are responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies and the delegation of approval and authorization levels. The EMC and
NEE
's chief executive officer receive periodic updates on market positions and related exposures, credit exposures and overall risk management activities.
NEE
uses a value-at-risk (VaR) model to measure commodity price market risk in its trading and mark-to-market portfolios. The VaR is the estimated loss of market value based on a one-day holding period at a
95%
confidence level using historical simulation methodology. The VaR figures are as follows:
———————————————
(a)    The VaR figures for the trading portfolio include positions that are marked to market. Taking into consideration offsetting unmarked non-derivative positions, such as physical inventory, the trading VaR figures were approximately $3 million and $6 million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
(b)    Non-qualifying hedges are employed to reduce the market risk exposure to physical assets or contracts which are not marked to market. The VaR figures for the non-qualifying hedges and hedges in FPL cost recovery clauses category do not represent the economic exposure to commodity price movements.
47
Interest Rate Risk
NEE
's and
FPL
's financial results are exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates as a result of their respective outstanding and expected future issuances of debt, investments in special use funds and other investments.
NEE
and
FPL
manage their respective interest rate exposure by monitoring current interest rates, entering into interest rate contracts and using a combination of fixed rate and variable rate debt. Interest rate contracts are used to mitigate and adjust interest rate exposure when deemed appropriate based upon market conditions or when required by financing agreements.
The following are estimates of the fair value of NEE's and FPL's financial instruments that are exposed to interest rate risk:
———————————————
(a)
See Notes 2 and 3.
The special