interests
36
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Concluded)
(unaudited)
NEE's and FPL's additional segment information is as follows:
37
Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
OVERVIEW
NEE’s operating performance is driven primarily by the operations of its two principal businesses, FPL, which serves more than six million customer accounts in Florida and is one of the largest electric utilities in the U.S., and NEER, which together with affiliated entities is the world's largest generator
of renewable energy from the wind and sun based on 2024 MWh produced on a net generation basis, as well as a world leader in battery storage capacity. The table below presents net income (loss) attributable to NEE and earnings (loss) p
er share attributable to
NEE
, assuming dilution, by reportable segment,
FPL
and
NEER
.
Corporate and Other is primarily comprised of the operating results of other business activities, as well as other income and expense items, including interest expense, and eliminating entries, and may include the net effect of rounding. See Note 12 for additional segment information. The foll
owing discussions should be read in conjunction with the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein
and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations appearing in the 2024 Form 10‑K. The results of operations for an interim period generally will not give a true indication of results for the year.
In the following discussions, all comparisons are with the corresponding items in the prior year period.
———————————————
(a)    NEER’s results reflect an allocation of interest expense from NEECH to NextEra Energy Resources based on a deemed capital structure of 70% debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries.
Adjusted Earnings
NEE prepares its financial statements under GAAP. However, management also uses earnings adjusted for certain items (adjusted earnings), a non-GAAP financial measure, internally for financial planning, analysis of performance, reporting of results to the Board of Directors and as an input in determining performance-based compensation under NEE’s employee incentive compensation plans. NEE also uses adjusted earnings when communicating its financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. NEE’s management believes that adjusted earnings provide a more meaningful representation of NEE's fundamental earnings power. Although these amounts are properly reflected in the determination of net income under GAAP, management believes that the amount and/or nature of such items make period to period comparisons of operations difficult and potentially confusing. Adjusted earnings do not represent a substitute for net income, as prepared under GAAP.
The following table provides details of the after-