intended to cover the cost of providing service, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Since the regulatory bodies have authority to determine the relevant cost of providing service and the appropriate rate of return on capital employed, there can be no guarantee that FPL will be able to earn any particular rate of return or recover all of its costs through regulated rates. See FPL Regulation below.
FPL seeks to maintain rates that are as low as possible for its customers, while continuing to deliver reliable service. Since rates are largely cost-based, maintaining low rates requires a strategy focused on developing and maintaining a low-cost position, including the implementation of ideas generated from cost savings initiatives.
FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS AND COMPETITION
FPL's service to its electric retail customers is provided primarily under franchise agreements negotiated with municipalities or counties. During the term of a franchise agreement, which is typically 30 years, the municipality or county agrees not to form its own utility,
and FPL has the right to offer electric service to residents. At
December 31, 2024
, FPL held 226 franchise agreements with various municipalities and counties in Florida with varying expiration dates through 2054. These franchise agreements cover the vast majority of FPL's retail customer base in Florida. At
December 31, 2024
, FPL also provided service to customers in 10 other municipalities and to 27
unincorporated areas within its service area without franchise agreements pursuant to the general obligation to serve as a public utility. FPL relies upon Florida law for access to public rights-of-way.
Because any customer may elect to provide their own electric services, FPL effectively must compete for an individual customer's business. As a practical matter, few customers provide their own service at the present time since FPL's cost of service is lower than the cost of self-generation for a significant majority of customers. Changing technology (particularly increasing efficiency of solar power generation), tax incentives, economic conditions, regulatory changes, increasing cost-competitiveness of rooftop solar and battery storage and other factors could alter the favorable relative cost position that FPL currently enjoys; however, FPL seeks as a matter of strategy to ensure that it delivers superior value, in the form of customer bills as low as possible, high reliability, outstanding customer service and energy from diverse generation sources.
In addition to self-generation by residential, commercial and industrial customers, FPL also faces competition from other suppliers of electrical energy to wholesale and industrial customers and from alternative energy sources. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, operating revenues from wholesale and ind
ustrial electric customers combined represented approximately
5%, 5% and 7%, respectively, of FPL's total operating revenues.
For the building of new steam and