participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. The primary input to the valuation models for commodity contracts is the forward commodity curve for the respective instruments. Other inputs include, but are not limited to, assumptions about market liquidity, volatility, correlation and contract duration as more fully described below in Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring Fair Value Measurements. In instances where the reference markets are deemed to be inactive or do not have transactions for a similar contract, the derivative assets and liabilities may be valued using significant other observable inputs and potentially significant unobservable inputs. In such instances, the valuation for these contracts is established using techniques including extrapolation from or interpolation between actively traded contracts, or estimated basis adjustments from liquid trading points. NEE and FPL regularly evaluate and validate the inputs used to determine fair value by a number of methods, consisting of various market price verification procedures, including the use of pricing services and broker quotes to support the market price of the various commodities. Where there are assumptions and models used to generate inputs for valuing derivative assets and liabilities, the review and verification of the assumptions and models are undertaken by individuals in an independent control function.
NEE uses interest rate contracts and foreign currency contracts to mitigate and adjust interest rate and foreign currency exchange exposure related primarily to certain outstanding and expected future debt issuances and borrowings when deemed appropriate based on market conditions or when required by financing agreements. NEE estimates the fair value of these derivatives using an income approach based on a discounted cash flows valuation technique utilizing the net amount of estimated future cash inflows and outflows related to the agreements.
18
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(unaudited)
The tables below present NEE's and FPL's gross derivative positions at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, as required by disclosure rules. However, the majority of the underlying contracts are subject to master netting agreements and generally would not be contractually settled on a gross basis. Therefore, the tables below also present the derivative positions on a net basis, which reflect the offsetting of positions of certain transactions within the portfolio, the contractual ability to settle contracts under master netting arrangements and the netting of margin cash collateral, as well as the location of the net derivative position on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
———————————————
(a)
Includes the effect of the contractual ability to settle contracts under master netting arrangements and the netting of margin cash collateral payments and receipts. NEE and FPL