cash flow hedges with expiration dates through October 2033 and foreign currency cash flow hedges with expiration dates through September 2030.
17
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(unaudited)
Fair Value Measurements of Derivative Instruments
– The fair value of assets and liabilities are determined using either unadjusted quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) or other pricing inputs that are observable (Level 2) whenever that information is available and using unobservable inputs (Level 3) to estimate fair value only when relevant observable inputs are not available. NEE and FPL use different valuation techniques to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities, relying primarily on the market approach of using prices and other market information for identical and/or similar assets and liabilities for those assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. NEE's and FPL's assessment of the significance of any particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. Non-performance risk, including the consideration of a credit valuation adjustment, is also considered in the determination of fair value for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value.
NEE and FPL measure the fair value of commodity contracts using a combination of market and income approaches utilizing prices observed on commodities exchanges and in the non-exchange traded markets, or through the use of industry-standard valuation techniques, such as option modeling or discounted cash flows techniques, incorporating both observable and unobservable valuation inputs. The resulting measurements are the best estimate of fair value as represented by the transfer of the asset or liability through an orderly transaction in the marketplace at the measurement date.
Exchange-traded derivative assets and liabilities are valued using observable settlement prices from the exchanges and are classified as Level 1 or Level 2, depending on whether positions are in active or inactive markets.
NEE, through its subsidiaries, including FPL, also enters into non-exchange traded commodity derivatives. The majority of the valuation inputs are observable using exchange-quoted prices.
NEE, through NEER, also enters into full requirements contracts, which, in most cases, meet the definition of derivatives and are measured at fair value. These contracts typically have one or more inputs that are not observable and are significant to the valuation of the contract. In addition, certain non-exchange traded derivative options at NEE have one or more significant inputs that are not observable, and are valued using industry-standard option models.
In all cases where NEE and FPL use significant unobservable inputs for the valuation of a commodity contract, consideration is given to the assumptions that market