sheets. Certain NEER commodity contracts for the purchase and sale of power that meet the definition of a derivative are recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recognized as revenue. See Energy Trading below and Note 3.
Rate Regulation
– FPL, the most significant of NEE's rate-regulated subsidiaries, is subject to rate regulation by the FPSC and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Its rates are designed to recover the cost of providing service to its customers including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. As a result of this cost-based regulation, FPL follows the accounting guidance that allows regulators to create assets and impose liabilities that would not be recorded by non-rate regulated entities. Regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process.
70
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NEE's and FPL's regulatory assets and liabilities are as follows:
______________________
(a)
The majority of these regulatory assets are being amortized over
20
years.
(b)
The majority of these regulatory assets are being amortized over a
21
-month period that began April 2023.
(c)
The majority of these regulatory assets are being amortized over a
12
-month period that began in January 2025. See Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery below.
(d)
See Electric Plant, Depreciation and Amortization below.
Cost recovery clauses, which are designed to permit full recovery of certain costs and provide a return on certain assets allowed to be recovered through various clauses, include substantially all fuel, purchased power and interchange expense, costs associated with an FPSC-approved transmission and distribution storm protection plan, certain costs associated with the acquisition and retirement of several electric generation facilities, certain construction-related costs for certain of FPL's solar generation facilities, and conservation and certain environmental-related costs.
Revenues from cost recovery clauses are recorded when billed; FPL achieves matching of costs and related revenues by deferring the net under-recovery or over-recovery. Any under-recovered costs or over-recovered revenues are collected from or returned to customers in subsequent periods.
If FPL were no longer subject to cost-based rate regulation, the existing regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off unless regulators specify an alternative means of recovery or refund. In addition, the FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred. The continued applicability of regulatory accounting is assessed at each reporting period. Regulatory assets and liabilities are discussed within various subsections below.
Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 – In December