including, among others, the Cybersecurity and Resiliency Committee, the Cybersecurity Governance Executive Committee and NEE's Board of Directors.
NEE, including FPL, conducts periodic desktop exercises and an annual cybersecurity drill with the participation from time to time of local, state and U.S. federal agencies to test its capability of dealing with a simulated cyberattack. NEE, including FPL, also participates in industry forums and various trade groups, as well as in NERC activities, to learn and apply these incident preparedness learnings to its cybersecurity policies and procedures.
NEE, including FPL, uses third parties to periodically assess the extent to which its cybersecurity risk management protocols align with the U.S. Department of Energy’s Cybersecurity Capability Maturity Model standard. Certain functions within NEE, including FPL, are required to comply with certain regulatory standards that are designed to protect against cybersecurity incidents, including the NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection standards, as well as the NRC cybersecurity protection standards. Further, NEE, including FPL, has a cybersecurity training program and a mock phishing program to educate and train employees on potential cybersecurity risks and on privacy and data protection. Given geopolitical events, NEE, including FPL, continues to take steps to defend against cybersecurity threats to its critical infrastructure, including communications with personnel to ensure heightened awareness of increased cybersecurity threats worldwide.
The cybersecurity capabilities of third-party vendors providing services to NEE or FPL or accessing NEE’s or FPL’s systems or data are evaluated as part of the new vendor establishment process. NEE, including FPL, retains the right to audit vendors for cybersecurity of products and services. Where applicable in NEE’s or FPL’s contracts with third-party vendors accessing its systems or data, standard data security terms and conditions are utilized and minimum amounts of insurance coverage based on the risk of exposure are required.
NEE, including FPL, operates U.S. critical infrastructure. There have been cyberattacks and other physical attacks within the energy industry on energy infrastructure such as substations, gas pipelines and related assets and there may be such attacks in the future. In addition, the advancement of artificial intelligence has given rise to new security risks.
Although there have been no cybersecurity incidents or threats with a material impact on NEE’s nor FPL’s business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, NEE's or FPL's information technology systems could fail or be breached, and such systems could be inoperable,
34
Table of Content
s
causing NEE and FPL to be unable to fulfill critical business operations.
The disclosures herein should be reviewed with the risk factors included in Item 1A.
Governance
The
vice president and chief information officer, the vice president