Duane Arnold which has a limit of $
50
million due to being in a deferred decommissioning. All the nuclear facilities, except for Duane Arnold, also share an additional $
1.25
billion nuclear accident insurance limit above their dedicated underlying limit. This shared additional excess limit is not subject to reinstatement in the event of a loss. All coverages are subject to sublimits and deductibles.
NEE also participates in an insurance program that provides limited coverage for replacement power costs if a nuclear plant is out of service for an extended period of time because of an accident. In the event of an accident at one of NEE's or another participating insured's nuclear plants, NEE could be assessed up to $
167
million ($
104
million for FPL), plus any applicable taxes, in retrospective premiums in a policy year. NextEra Energy Resources and FPL are contractually entitled to recover a proportionate share of such assessments from the owners of minority interests in Seabrook, Duane Arnold and St. Lucie Unit No. 2, which approximates $
3
million, $
2
million and $
4
million, plus any applicable taxes, respectively.
Due to the high cost and limited coverage available from third-party insurers, NEE does not have property insurance coverage for a substantial portion of either its transmission and distribution property or natural gas pipeline assets. If FPL's storm restoration costs exceed the storm reserve, such storm restoration costs may be recovered, subject to prudence review by the FPSC, through surcharges approved by the FPSC or through securitization provisions pursuant to Florida law. See Note 1 – Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery.
In the event of a loss, the amount of insurance available might not be adequate to cover property damage and other expenses incurred. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from customers in the case of FPL, would be borne by NEE and FPL and could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
109
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Legal Proceedings –
FPL is the defendant in a purported class action lawsuit filed in the Miami-Dade County Circuit Court in February 2018 that seeks from FPL unspecified damages for alleged breach of contract and gross negligence based on service interruptions that occurred as a result of Hurricane Irma in 2017. A class previously had been certified that encompassed all persons and business owners who reside in and are otherwise citizens of the state of Florida that contracted with FPL for electrical services, were charged storm charges, experienced a power outage after Hurricane Irma and suffered consequential damages because of FPL’s alleged breach of contract or gross negligence. Florida's Third District Court of Appeal (3rd DCA) reconsidered and revoked its previous order