before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) multiple model, and a market observable transaction. The probability assigned to each scenario as well as the cash flows and EBITDA multiple identified are critical in determining fair value.
Assumptions and Accounting Approach
An impairment loss is required to be recognized if the impairment is deemed to be other than temporary. Assessment of whether an investment is other than temporarily impaired involves, among other factors, consideration of the length of time that the fair value is below the carrying value, current expected performance relative to the expected performance when the investment was initially made, performance relative to peers, industry performance relative to the economy, credit rating, regulatory actions and legal and permitting challenges. If management is unable to reasonably assert that an impairment is temporary or believes that there will not be full recovery of the carrying value of its investment, then the impairment is considered to be other than temporary. Investments that are other than temporarily impaired are written down to their estimated fair value and cannot subsequently be written back up for increases in estimated fair value. Impairment losses are recorded in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE’s consolidated statements of income. See Note 4 – Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements.
Decommissioning and Dismantlement
NEE accounts for asset retirement obligations and conditional asset retirement obligations (collectively, AROs) under accounting guidance that requires a liability for the fair value of an ARO to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if it can be reasonably estimated, with the offsetting associated asset retirement costs capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived assets.
NEE's AROs relate primarily to decommissioning obligations of FPL's and NEER's nuclear units and to obligations for the dismantlement of certain of NEER's wind and solar facilities.
Nature of Accounting Estimates
The calculation of the future cost of retiring long-lived assets, including nuclear decommissioning and plant dismantlement costs, involves estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures and making judgments concerning whether or not such costs are considered a legal obligation. Estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures includes, among other things, making projections of when assets will be retired and ultimately decommissioned and how costs will escalate with inflation. In addition, NEE also makes interest rate and rate of return projections on its investments in determining recommended funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. Periodically, NEE is required to update these estimates and projections which can affect the annual expense amounts recognized, the liabilities recorded and the annual funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. For example, an