controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. NEE and FPL are unable to assure that such procedures and tools will be effective against all potential risks, including, without limitation, employee misconduct or severe weather or operating conditions. If such procedures and tools are not effective, this could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
If price movements significantly or persistently deviate from historical behavior, NEE's and FPL's risk management tools associated with their hedging and trading procedures may not protect against significant losses.
NEE's and FPL's risk management tools and metrics associated with their hedging and trading procedures, such as daily value at risk, earnings at risk, stop loss limits and liquidity guidelines, are based on historical price movements. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing behavior, NEE and FPL are unable to assure that their risk management tools and metrics will be effective to protect against significant losses that could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
If power transmission or natural gas, nuclear fuel or other commodity transportation operations are unavailable or disrupted, the ability for subsidiaries of NEE, including FPL, to sell and deliver power or natural gas may be limited.
Subsidiaries of NEE, including FPL, depend upon power transmission and natural gas, nuclear fuel and other commodity transportation operations, many of which they do not own or control. Occurrences affecting these operations that may or may not be beyond the control of subsidiaries of NEE, including FPL, (such as geopolitical factors, cyber incidents, physical attacks, severe weather or a generation or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, or sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind or solar generation) may limit or halt their ability to sell and deliver power and natural gas, or to purchase necessary fuels and other commodities, which could materially adversely impact NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE and FPL are subject to credit and performance risk from customers, hedging counterparties and vendors.
NEE and FPL are exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness and performance of their customers, hedging counterparties and vendors under contracts for the supply of equipment, materials, fuel and other goods and services required for their business operations and for the construction and operation of, and for capital improvements to, their facilities. Adverse conditions in the energy industry or the general economy such as inflation, as well as circumstances of individual customers, hedging counterparties and vendors, may adversely affect the ability of some customers, hedging counterparties and