regulations as described in the NEE Environmental Matters section below. FPL expects to seek recovery through the environmental clause for compliance costs associated with any new environmental laws and regulations.
FPL HUMAN CAPITAL
FPL had approximately 9,300
employees at December 31, 2024, with approximately 31% of these employees represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers
(IBEW). The collective bargaining agreements
have approximate
ly three-year terms and expire between
March 2025
and April 2027.
10
Table of Content
s
NEER
NEER,
comprised of NEE's competitive energy and rate-regulated transmission businesses, is a diversified energy business with a strategy that emphasizes the development, construction and operation of long-term contracted assets with a focus on low-cost energy solutions. NEER is the world's largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun based on 2024
MWh produced on a net generation basis, as well as a world leader in battery storage based on 2024 MW of net generating capacity.
NEE reports NextEra Energy Resources and NEET, a rate-regulated transmission business, on a combined basis for segment reporting purposes, and the combined segment is referred to as NEER. The NEER segment owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generation facilities in wholesale energy markets in the U.S. a
nd Canada and also includes assets and investments in other clean energy businesses, such as battery storage and natural gas pipelines. NEER, with appr
oximately 33,410 MW of total net generating capacity
at
December 31, 2024
, is one of the largest wholesale generators of electric power in the U.S., including approximately 32,890 MW of net generating capacity across
41
states and 520 MW of net generating capacity in 4 Canadian provinces
.
At
December 31, 2024
,
NEER operates facilities, in which it has partial or full ownership interests, with a total generating capacity of approximately 41,500 MW. NEER primarily sells its capacity and/or energy output through
long-term power sales agreements with utilities, retail electricity providers, power cooperatives, municipal electric providers and commercial and industrial customers.
NEER produces the majority of its energy from clean and renewable sources as described more fully below. In addition, NEER develops and constructs battery storage projects, which when combined with its renewable projects, serve to enhance its ability to meet customers' firm capacity needs, or as standalone facilities. The NEER segment also owns, develops, constructs and operates rate-regulated transmission facilities in North America with a total rate base of $2.7 billion at
December 31, 2024
. NEER's rate-regulated transmission facilities and the transmission lines that connect its electric generation facilities, including noncontrolling or joint venture interests, to the electric grid are comprised of approximately 370 substations and 3,885 circuit miles of