its subsidiaries with energy marketing and trading operations through established policies, including counterparty credit limits, and in some cases credit enhancements, such as cash prepayments, letters of credit, cash and other collateral and guarantees.
48
Credit risk is also managed through the use of master netting agreements.
NEE
’s credit department monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an aggregate basis. For all derivative and contractual transactions
, NEE’s energy marketing and trading operations, which include FPL’s energy marketing and trading division, are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to these transactions. Some relevant considerations when assessing NEE’s
energy marketing and trading operations’ credit risk exposure include the following:
•
Operations are primarily concentrated in the energy industry.
•
Trade receivables and other financial instruments are predominately with energy, utility and financial services related companies, as well as municipalities, cooperatives and other trading companies in the
U.S.
•
Overall credit risk is managed through established credit policies and is overseen by the EMC.
•
Prospective and existing customers are reviewed for creditworthiness based upon established standards, with customers not meeting minimum standards providing various credit enhancements or secured payment terms, such as letters of credit or the posting of margin cash collateral.
•
Master netting agreements are used to offset cash and noncash gains and losses arising from derivative instruments with the same counterparty.
NEE
’s policy is to have master netting agreements in place with significant counterparties.
Based on
NEE
’s policies and risk exposures related to credit,
NEE
and
FPL
do not anticipate a material adverse effect on their
financial
statements as a result of counterparty nonperformance. At
March 31, 2025
, NEE's credit risk exposure associated with its energy marketing and trading operations, taking into account collateral and contractual netting rights, totaled approximately $2.7 billion ($80 million for FPL), of which approxi
mately 86% (99% for
FPL)
was with companies that have investment grade credit ratings. See Note 2.
Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
See Management's Discussion – Energy Marketing and Trading and Market Risk Sensitivity.
Item 4.  Controls and Procedures
(a)    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of March 31, 2025, each of NEE and FPL had performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including NEE's and FPL's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of each company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive