officer and the chief financial officer of each of NEE and FPL concluded that the company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025.
(b)    Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
NEE and FPL are continuously seeking to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their operations and of their internal controls. This results in refinements to processes throughout NEE and
FPL
. However, there has been no change in NEE's or FPL's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during NEE's and FPL's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, NEE's or FPL's internal control over financial reporting.
49
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.  Legal Proceedings
See Note 11 – Legal Proceedings.
With regard to environmental proceedings to which a governmental authority is a party, NEE's and FPL's policy is to disclose any such proceeding if it is reasonably expected to result in monetary sanctions of greater than or equal to $1 million.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors
There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the 2024 Form 10-K. The factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the 2024 Form 10-K, as well as other information set forth in this report, which could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects should be carefully considered. The risks described in the 2024 Form 10-K are not the only risks facing NEE and FPL. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to NEE or FPL, or that are currently deemed to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect NEE's or FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
(a)
Information regarding purchases made by NEE of its common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
————————————
(a)
Includes shares of common stock withheld from employees to pay certain withholding taxes upon the vesting of stock awards granted to such employees under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan and the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan.
(b)
In May 2017, NEE's Board of Directors authorized repurchases of up to 45 million shares of common stock (180 million shares after giving effect to the four-for-one stock split of NEE common stock effective October 26, 2020) over an unspecified period.
Item 5.  Other Information
(c)    Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements
adopted
during the three months ended March 31, 2025 were as follows:
•
On
February 5, 2025
,
Armando Pimentel, Jr.
,
President and Chief Executive Officer of FPL
,
adopted
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule