PTCs, support for NEER's retail electricity provider activities, as well as other types of contractual obligations (see Note 11 – Commitments).
In some instances, subsidiaries of NEE elect to issue guarantees instead of posting other forms of collateral required under certain financing arrangements, as well as for other project-level cash management activities. At March 31, 2025, these guarantees totaled approximately $2.1 billion and support, among other things, cash management activities, including those related to debt service and operations and maintenance service agreements, as well as other specific project financing requirements.
44
Subsidiaries of NEE also issue guarantees to support customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading activities, including the buying and selling of wholesale energy commodities. At March 31, 2025, the estimated mark-to-market exposure (the total amount that these subsidiaries of NEE could be required to fund based on energy commodity market prices at March 31, 2025) plus contract settlement net payables, net of collateral posted for obligations under these guarantees, totaled approximately $1.7 billion.
At March 31, 2025, subsidiaries of NEE also had approximately $6.0 billion of standby letters of credit and approximately $1.6 billion of surety bonds to support certain of the commercial activities discussed above. FPL's and NEECH's credit facilities are available to support substantially all of the standby letters of credit.
In addition, as part of contract negotiations in the normal course of business, certain subsidiaries of NEE have agreed and in the future may agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties, including those associated with asset divestitures, for possible unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. The specified events may include, but are not limited to, an adverse judgment in a lawsuit, or the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretations of the tax law. NEE is unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments by its subsidiaries under some of these contracts because events that would obligate them to make payments have not occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence.
NEECH, a 100% owned subsidiary of NEE, provides funding for, and holds ownership interests in, NEE's operating subsidiaries other than FPL. NEE has fully and unconditionally guaranteed certain payment obligations of NEECH, including most of its debt and all of its debentures registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and commercial paper issuances, as well as most of its payment guarantees and indemnifications, and NEECH has guaranteed certain debt and other obligations of subsidiaries within the NEER segment. Certain guarantee arrangements described above contain requirements for NEECH and FPL to maintain a specified credit rating.
NEE fully and unconditionally guarantees