such attacks in the future. In addition, the advancement of artificial intelligence has given rise to added vulnerabilities and potential entry points for cyberattacks. NEE's and FPL's generation, transmission, storage and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems could be direct targets of, or otherwise be materially adversely affected by, such activities.
Geopolitical factors, terrorist acts, cyberattacks or other similar events affecting NEE's and FPL's systems and facilities, or those of third parties on which NEE and FPL rely, could harm NEE's and FPL's businesses by, for example, limiting their ability to generate, purchase, store or transmit power, natural gas or other energy-related commodities, limiting their ability to bill customers and collect and process payments, and delaying their development and construction of new generation, distribution, storage or transmission facilities or capital improvements to existing facilities. These events, and governmental actions in response, could result in a material decrease in revenues, significant additional costs (for example, to repair assets, implement additional security requirements or maintain or acquire insurance), significant fines and penalties, and reputational damage, could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's operations (for example, by contributing to disruption of supplies and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels), and could impair NEE's and FPL's ability to raise capital (for example, by contributing to financial instability and lower economic activity). In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted
26
Table of Content
s
in, and is expected to continue to result in, increased costs. Such events or actions may materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
The ability of NEE and FPL to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. NEE's and FPL's insurance coverage does not provide protection against all significant losses.
Insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to NEE and FPL. The ability of NEE and FPL to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, including impacts of actual or perceived climate-related events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. If NEE or FPL cannot or does not obtain insurance coverage, NEE or FPL may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. Additionally, if certain unconsolidated subsidiaries of NEE do not obtain third-party insurance