to significant and increasing compliance costs and may also expose them to substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions for compliance failures.
NEE's and FPL's operations and businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local government regulation, which generally imposes significant and increasing compliance costs on their operations and businesses. Additionally, any actual or
23
Table of Content
s
alleged compliance failures could result in significant costs and other potentially adverse effects of regulatory investigations, proceedings, settlements, decisions and claims, including, among other items, potentially significant monetary penalties. As an example, under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, NEE and FPL, as owners and operators of bulk-power transmission systems and/or electric generation facilities, are subject to mandatory reliability standards. Compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject NEE and FPL to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. If FPL or NEE is found not to be in compliance with these standards, they may incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions. In addition, certain of NEE's and FPL's sales to retail customers are subject to consumer protection laws and other regulations related to consumer activities that are implemented and enforced by a number of federal, state and local government entities. Both the costs of regulatory compliance and the costs that may be imposed as a result of any actual or alleged compliance failures could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including but not limited to changes in corporate income tax rates, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of tax-related asset and liability amounts, could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE's and FPL's provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities require significant judgments and the use of estimates. Amounts of tax-related assets and liabilities involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income, deductions and tax credits, including, but not limited to, estimates for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and the ability to utilize tax benefit carryforwards, such as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Actual income taxes could vary significantly from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of, among other things, changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including, but not limited to, changes in corporate income tax rates, renewable energy tax credits and transferability of renewable energy tax credits, the issuance of guidance related to the qualification for renewable energy tax credits and bonus credits, the financial condition