accrual for amounts earned but not yet billed. The amounts billed and accrued represent the value of energy or transmission delivered and/or the capacity of energy or transmission available to the customer. Revenues yet to be earned under these contracts, which have maturity dates ranging from 2025 to 2055, will vary based on the volume of energy or transmission delivered and/or available. NEER’s customers typically receive bills monthly with payment due within 30 days. Certain contracts with customers contain a fixed price which primarily relate to electric capacity sales through 2038 and certain power purchase agreements with maturity dates through
2036. As of March 31, 2025, NEER expects to record approximately $
800
million of revenues related to the fixed price components of such contracts over the remaining terms of the related contracts as the capacity is provided. The power purchase agreements also contain a variable price component for energy usage which NEER recognizes as revenue as the energy is delivered based on rates stipulated in the respective contracts.
16
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(unaudited)
2.
Derivative Instruments
NEE and FPL use derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity, as well as interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risk associated primarily with outstanding and expected future debt issuances and borrowings, and to optimize the value of NEER's power generation and natural gas and oil production assets. NEE and FPL do not utilize hedge accounting for their cash flow and fair value hedges.
With respect to commodities related to NEE's competitive energy business, NEER employs risk management procedures to conduct its activities related to optimizing the value of its power generation and natural gas and oil production assets, providing full energy and capacity requirements services primarily to distribution utilities, and engaging in power and fuel marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements and changes in the expected volatility of prices in the energy markets. These risk management activities involve the use of derivative instruments executed within prescribed limits to manage the risk associated with fluctuating commodity prices. Transactions in derivative instruments are executed on recognized exchanges or via the OTC markets, depending on the most favorable credit terms and market execution factors. For NEER's power generation and natural gas and oil production assets, derivative instruments are used to hedge all or a portion of the expected output of these assets. These hedges are designed to reduce the effect of adverse changes in the wholesale forward commodity markets associated with NEER's power generation and natural gas and oil