vendors to perform as required under their contracts with NEE and FPL.
If any vendor or hedging or other counterparty fails to fulfill its contractual obligations, NEE and FPL may need to make arrangements with other counterparties or vendors, which could result in material financial losses, higher costs, untimely completion of power generation facilities and other projects, or a disruption of their operations. If a defaulting counterparty is in poor financial condition, NEE and FPL may not be able to recover damages for any contract breach.
28
Table of Content
s
NEE and FPL could recognize financial losses or a reduction in operating cash flows if a counterparty fails to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of derivative contracts or if NEE or FPL is required to post margin cash collateral under derivative contracts.
NEE and FPL use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, some of which are traded in the OTC markets or on exchanges, to manage their commodity and financial market risks, and for NEE to engage in commodity trading and marketing activities. Any failures by their counterparties to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of those transactions could have a material adverse effect on NEE's or FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Similarly, any requirement for FPL or NEE to post margin cash collateral under its derivative contracts could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These risks may be increased during periods of adverse market or economic conditions such as inflation affecting the industry in which NEE and FPL participate.
NEE and FPL are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE and FPL operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. Despite NEE's and FPL's implementation of security measures, all of their technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access. If NEE's or FPL's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised and NEE and FPL could be unable to fulfill critical business functions.
NEE's and FPL's businesses are highly dependent on NEE's and FPL's ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and cross numerous and diverse markets. Due to the size, scope, complexity and geographical reach of NEE's and FPL's business, the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging. NEE's and FPL's operating systems and