is anticipated that these requirements will be satisfied through a combination of cash flows from operations, short- and long-term borrowings, the issuance of short- and long-term debt (see Note 13) and, from time to time, equity securities, proceeds from differential membership investors
, sales of renewable energy tax credits (see Note 1 – Income Taxes)
and sales of ownership interests in assets/businesses (see Note 1
–
Disposal of Businesses/Assets)
, consistent with NEE’s and FPL’s objective of maintaining, on a long-term basis, a capital structure that will support a strong investment grade credit rating.
NEE, FPL and NEECH rely on access to credit and capital markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. The inability of NEE, FPL and NEECH to maintain their current credit ratings could affect their ability to raise short- and long-term capital, their cost of capital and the execution of their respective financing strategies, and could require the posting of additional collateral under certain agreements.
In October 2015, NEE authorized a program to purchase, from time to time, up to $150 million of common units representing limited partner interests in XPLR. Under the program, purchases may be made in amounts, at prices and at such times as NEE or its subsidiaries deem appropriate, all subject to market conditions and other considerations. The purchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. Any purchases will be made in such quantities, at such prices, in such manner and on such terms and conditions as determined by NEE or its subsidiaries in their discretion, based on factors such as market and business conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The common unit purchase program does not require NEE to acquire any specific number of common units and may be modified or terminated by NEE at any time. The purpose of the program is not to cause XPLR’s common units to be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange or to cause the common units to be deregistered with the SEC. As of December 31, 2024, the dollar value of units that may yet be purchased by NEE under this program was $114 million. At December 31, 2024, NEE had an approximately 52.6% noncontrolling interest in XPLR, primarily through its limited partner interest in XPLR OpCo.
42
Table of Content
s
Cash Flows
NEE's sources and uses of cash for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
For significant financing activity that occurred subsequent to December 31, 2024, see Note 13.
NEE's primary capital requirements are for expanding and enhancing FPL's electric system and generation facilities to continue to provide reliable service to meet customer electricity demands and for funding NEER's investments in independent power and other projects.
See Note 15 – Commitments for estimated capital expenditures in 2025 through 2029.
The following table provides