costs may be recovered, subject to prudence review by the FPSC, through surcharges approved by the FPSC or through securitization provisions pursuant to Florida law. See Note 10 – Storm Cost Recovery.
In the event of a loss, the amount of insurance available might not be adequate to cover property damage and other expenses incurred. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from customers in the case of FPL, would be borne by NEE and FPL and could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
Legal Proceedings
– NEE, FPL, and certain current and former executives, are the named defendants in a purported shareholder securities class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida in June 2023 and amended in December 2023 that seeks from the defendants unspecified damages allegedly resulting from alleged false or misleading statements regarding NEE's alleged campaign finance and other political activities. The alleged class of plaintiffs are all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired NEE securities between December 2, 2021 and January 30, 2023. In September 2024, the class action lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. An appeal of the dismissal, which the lead plaintiffs filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit in October 2024, remains pending. NEE is vigorously defending against the claims in this proceeding.
NEE, along with certain current and former executives and directors are the named defendants in purported shareholder derivative actions filed in the 15th Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County, Florida in July 2023 and March 2024, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida in October 2023 and November 2023 (which were consolidated in January 2024) and in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida in July 2024 seeking unspecified damages allegedly resulting from, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duties and, in the consolidated cases and the July 2024 case, violations of the federal securities laws, all purporting to relate to alleged campaign finance law violations and associated matters. The defendants are vigorously defending against the claims in these proceedings. NEE also has received demand letters and books and records requests from counsel representing other purported shareholders and containing similar allegations. These demands seek, among other things, a Board of Directors investigation of, and/or documentation regarding, these allegations. All of these derivative cases, demands and requests are effectively stayed pending the appeal of the securities class action lawsuit described above.
In November 2024, NEE was named as defendant in an antitrust lawsuit (Avangrid, Inc. et al. v. NextEra Energy, Inc.) filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts.