coverage, NEE may be required to pay costs associated with losses or adverse future events involving these entities.
NEE and FPL generally are not fully insured against all significant losses. For example, NEE, including FPL, does not have property insurance coverage for a substantial portion of its transmission and distribution property and natural gas pipeline assets. A loss for which NEE or FPL is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE invests in natural gas and oil production assets which are exposed to fluctuating market prices of natural gas, natural gas liquids, oil and other energy commodities. A prolonged period of low natural gas and oil prices, disrupted production or unsuccessful drilling efforts could impact NEER’s natural gas and oil production operations and cause NEER to delay or cancel certain natural gas and oil production projects and could result in certain assets becoming impaired, which could materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Natural gas and oil prices are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. Factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues, natural disasters, weather, political instability, conflicts, new discoveries, technological advances, economic conditions and actions by major oil-producing countries. There can be significant volatility in market prices for natural gas and oil, and price fluctuations could have a material effect on the financial performance of natural gas and oil producing assets. For example, in a low natural gas and oil price environment, NEER would generate less revenue from its investments in natural gas and oil production properties, and as a result certain investments might become less profitable or incur losses. Additionally, production could be disrupted due to weather or operational issues, among other causes, or drilling efforts could be unsuccessful. Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices or low production, including from unsuccessful drilling efforts, could also result in the delay or cancellation of natural gas and oil production projects, could cause projects to experience lower returns, and could result in certain assets becoming impaired, which could materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
If cost recovery arrangements for increased supply costs necessary to provide NEER's full energy and capacity requirements services are not favorable, operating costs could increase and materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEER provides full energy and capacity requirements
services primarily to distribution utilities, which include load-following services and various ancillary services, to satisfy all or a portion of such utilities' power supply obligations