subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are contained in outstanding financing agreements and which may be included in future financing agreements. The future enactment of laws or regulations also may prohibit or restrict the ability of NEE's subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds.
NEE may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if NEE is required to perform under guarantees of obligations of its subsidiaries.
NEE guarantees many of the obligations of its consolidated subsidiaries, other than FPL, through guarantee agreements with NEECH. These guarantees may require NEE to provide substantial funds to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when NEE is in need of liquidity to meet its own financial obligations. Funding such guarantees may materially adversely affect NEE's ability to meet its financial obligations or to pay dividends.
XPLR may not be able to access sources of capital on commercially reasonable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on its ability to consummate future acquisitions and on the value of NEE’s limited partner interest in XPLR OpCo.
Through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, NEE owns a limited partner interest in XPLR OpCo. XPLR's inability to access capital on commercially reasonable terms when acquisitions, other growth opportunities or capital needs arise could have a material adverse effect on XPLR's ability to deliver its cash distributions to its common unitholders in the future, including NEE, and on the value of NEE’s limited partnership interest in XPLR OpCo. In addition, XPLR's issuance of additional common units or other securities in connection with acquisitions or the conversion of outstanding securities convertible into XPLR common units could cause significant common unitholder dilution and reduce future cash distributions, if any, to its common unitholders, including NEE.
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may exert downward pressure on the market price of NEE's common stock.
The market price and trading volume of NEE's common stock are subject to fluctuations as a result of, among other factors, general credit and capital market conditions and changes in market sentiment regarding the operations, business and financing strategies of NEE, its subsidiaries and its affiliates. As a result, disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may, for example, have a material adverse effect on the market price of NEE's common stock.
33
Table of Content
s
Widespread public health crises and epidemics or pandemics may have material adverse impacts on NEE’s and FPL's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.
NEE and FPL are subject to the impacts of widespread public health crises, epidemics and pandemics, including, but not limited to, impacts on the global, national or local