assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets.
75
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
In December 2024, the FPSC approved FPL's request to begin a surcharge to recover eligible storm costs and replenish the storm reserve totaling approximately $
1.2
billion, related to Hurricanes Debby, Helene and Milton which impacted FPL's service area in 2024. The amount is being collected through an interim surcharge that will apply for a
12-month
period that began January 2025 and is subject to refund based on an FPSC prudence review. Recoverable storm costs are recorded as current regulatory assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. The unpaid portion of the storm restoration costs at December 31, 2024, of approximately $
557
million, including estimated capital costs, is included in current other liabilities on NEE’s and FPL’s 2024 consolidated balance sheet.
During 2023, the FPSC approved FPL's request to recover eligible storm costs and replenishment of the storm reserve totaling approximately $
1.3
billion primarily related to Hurricanes Ian and Nicole which impacted FPL's service area in 2022. The amount was collected through an interim surcharge for a
12-month
period that concluded in March 2024
.
Contract Assets
– From time to time, NEER enters into agreements to build and sell renewable generation facilities and other assets to third parties. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, contract assets on NEE’s consolidated balance sheets primarily represent costs for such facilities and assets that are expected to be sold in less than 12 months.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
–
NEE evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
The impairment loss to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds the asset's fair value. In most instances, the fair value is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate interest rate.
Impairment of Equity Method Investments
– NEE evaluates its equity method investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value and the investment may be other than temporarily impaired (OTTI). An impairment loss is required to be recognized if the impairment is deemed to be other than temporary. Investments that are OTTI are written down to their estimated fair value and cannot subsequently be written back up for increases in estimated fair value. Impairment losses are recorded in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE’s consolidated statements of income. See Note 4 – Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
–
NEE's goodwill and other intangible assets are as follows:
______________________
(a)
During the fourth quarter of 2024,