operations and prospects.
If any of NEE's or FPL's nuclear generation facilities are not operated for any reason through the life of their respective operating licenses or planned license extensions, NEE or FPL may be required to increase depreciation rates, incur impairment charges and accelerate future decommissioning expenditures, any of which could materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE's and FPL's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, and for other purposes. If planned outages last longer than anticipated or if there are unplanned outages, NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
NEE's and FPL's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including, but not limited to, inspections, repairs and certain other modifications as well as to replace equipment. In the event that a scheduled outage lasts longer than anticipated or in the event of an unplanned outage due to, for example, equipment failure, such outages could materially adversely affect NEE's or FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Liquidity, Capital Requirements and Common Stock Risks
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets, among other factors, may negatively affect NEE's and FPL's ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs and to meet their growth objectives, and could also materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.
NEE and FPL rely on access to capital and credit markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements, refinancing activities to support existing debt maturities and other requirements that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in those capital and credit markets related to, among others, inflation, rising or sustained higher interest rates and political, regulatory and geopolitical events, could increase NEE's and FPL's cost of capital and affect their ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs, to refinance existing indebtedness and to meet their growth objectives. If NEE or FPL is unable to access regularly the capital and credit markets on terms that are reasonable, it may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and incur an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could adversely affect its ability to maintain and grow its business, could contribute to lower earnings and reduced financial flexibility, and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.
Although certain NEE subsidiaries have used non-recourse or limited-recourse, project-specific or other financing in the past,