changes in market value and other risks, which may materially adversely affect NEE's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
NEE holds certain assets and investments where changes in the fair value affect NEE's financial results. In some cases there may be no observable market values for these assets and investments, requiring fair value estimates to be based on other valuation techniques. This type of analysis requires significant judgment and the actual values realized in a sale of these assets and investments could differ materially from those estimated. A sale of an asset or investment below previously estimated value, or other decline in the fair value of an asset or investment, could result in losses or the write-off of such asset or investment, and may have a material adverse effect on NEE's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
NEE has invested in various joint ventures and equity method investments where it does not have full control over operations, management or decision-making. In many cases, NEE shares control rights with its partners, but may lack influence or be dependent on their business priorities. This situation can lead to decisions that differ from NEE's preferences, potentially impacting the profitability and value of these investments. Furthermore, if a joint venture partner becomes insolvent or bankrupt or is otherwise unable to meet its obligations, NEE may be responsible for meeting certain obligations of the joint ventures as stipulated in its governing documents or applicable law. NEE's reliance on the joint venture partners, who may not always share NEE's business priorities, may have a material adverse effect on NEE's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
NEE may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to NEE.
NEE is a holding company and, as such, has no material operations of its own. Substantially all of NEE's consolidated assets are held by its subsidiaries. NEE's ability to meet its financial obligations, including, but not limited to, its guarantees, and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on its subsidiaries' net income and cash flows, which are subject to the risks of their respective businesses, and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to NEE.
NEE's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no independent obligation to provide NEE with funds for its payment obligations. The subsidiaries have financial obligations, including, but not limited to, payment of debt service, which they must satisfy before they can provide NEE with funds. In addition, in the event of a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization, NEE's right to participate in a distribution of assets is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors.
The dividend-paying ability of some of the