facilities. See Item 1. Business – FPL – FPL Regulation – FPL Electric Rate Regulation – Cost Recovery Clauses. Under-recovery or over-recovery of cost recovery clause and other pass-through costs (deferred clause and franchise expenses and revenues) can significantly affect NEE's and FPL's operating cash flows. The change from a net under-recovery of cost recovery clauses at December 31, 2023 to a net over-recovery of cost recovery clauses at December 31, 2024 impacting FPL's operating cash flows was approximately $1,016 million, primarily related to lower fuel prices.
The decrease in operating revenues in 2024 reflects lower storm cost recovery revenues of approximately $1,090 million primarily associated with the completion of surcharges for Hurricanes Ian and Nicole, as discussed above. The decrease in operating revenues in 2024 was also impacted by a decrease in fuel cost recovery revenues of approximately $526 million primarily as a result of lower fuel and energy prices. In 2024 and 2023, cost recovery clauses contributed approximately $417 million and $369 million, respectively, to FPL’s net income.
Other Items Impacting FPL's Consolidated Statements of Income
Fuel, Purchase Power and Interchange Expense
Fuel, purchased power and interchange expense decreased $573 million in 2024 primarily related to lower fuel and energy prices.
Depreciation and Amortization Expense
The major components of FPL’s depreciation and amortization expense are as follows:
Depreciation expense decreased $962 million during 2024 primarily reflecting lower amortization of deferred storm costs, primarily associated with Hurricanes Ian and Nicole as discussed above, of approximately $1,089 million and lower reserve amortization, partly offset by increased depreciation related to higher plant in service balances. Reserve amortization, or reversal of such amortization, reflects adjustments to accrued asset removal costs provided under the 2021 rate agreement in order to achieve the targeted regulatory ROE. Reserve amortization is recorded as either an increase or decrease to accrued asset removal costs which is reflected in noncurrent regulatory assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2024, approximately $895 million of reserve amortization remains available under the 2021 rate agreement.
Gains on Disposal of Businesses/Assets – net
In 2023, gains on disposal of businesses/assets – net primarily relate to the sale of ownership interests in the FCG business. See Note 1 – Disposal of Businesses/Assets.
40
Table of Content
s
NEER: Results of Operations
NEER owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generation facilities in wholesale energy markets in the U.S. and Canada and also includes assets and investments in other clean energy businesses, such as battery storage and natural gas pipelines. NEER also provides full energy and capacity requirements services, engages in energy-related commodity marketing and trading