and lower west coasts of Florida and
eight
counties throughout northwest Florida. NEER invests in independent power projects through both controlled and consolidated entities and noncontrolling owner
ship interests in joint ventures. NEER participates in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production primarily through operating and non-operating ownership interests and in pipeline infrastructure through noncontrolling or joint venture interests. NEER also invests in rate-regulated transmission facilities and transmission lines that connect its electric generation facilities to the electric grid through controlled and consolidated entities
and a noncontrolling owner
ship interest.
The consolidated financial statements of NEE and FPL include the accounts of their respective controlled subsidiaries. They also include NEE's and FPL's share of the undivided interest in certain assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Amounts representing NEE's interest in entities it does not control, but over which it exercises significant influence, are included in investment in equity method investees; the earnings/losses of these entities is included in
equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees
. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain amounts included in prior years' consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation. The preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of c
ontingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Operating Revenues
–
FPL and NEER generate substantially all of NEE’s operating revenues, which primarily include revenues from contracts with customers as further discussed in Note 2
, as well as, at NEER, derivative and lease transactions. FPL's operating revenues include amounts resulting from base rates, cost recovery clauses (see Rate Regulation below), franchise fees, gross receipts taxes and surcharges related to storms (see Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery below). Franchise fees and gross receipts taxes are imposed on FPL; however, the Florida Public Service Commission (FPSC) allows FPL to include in the amounts charged to customers the amount of the gross receipts tax for all customers and the franchise fee for those customers located in the jurisdiction that imposes the amount. Accordingly, FPL's franchise fees and gross receipts taxes are reported gross in operating revenues and taxes other than income taxes and other in NEE's and FPL's consolidated statements of income and were approximately $
1,053
million, $
1,139
million and $
1,035
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. FPL also collects municipal utility taxes which are reported gross in customer receivables and accounts payable on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance