to their customers. The supply costs for these transactions may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, events that may occur after such utilities have committed to supply power, such as weather conditions, transmission constraints, fluctuating prices for, and locational disconnects in, energy and ancillary services, and the ability of the distribution utilities' customers to elect to receive service from competing suppliers. If any of these factors materialize, NEER may not be able to recover all of its increased supply costs, which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Due to the potential for significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and environmental and other energy-related commodities, NEE's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively the commodity risks within its portfolio could materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
There can be significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and environmental and other energy-related commodities, both in general and across geographies. NEE's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively its assets or positions against changes in commodity prices, volumes, interest rates, counterparty credit risk or other risk measures, based on factors that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, NEE's control, may materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
27
Table of Content
s
Reductions in the liquidity of energy markets may restrict NEE's ability to manage its operational risks, which, in turn, could negatively affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE is an active participant in energy markets. Liquidity in energy markets can be described as the degree to which a product, such as electricity, gas or transmission rights, can be quickly bought or sold without significantly affecting its price and without incurring significant transaction costs. It can be driven in part by the number of active market participants and is an important factor in NEE's ability to manage risks in its participation in these markets. Liquidity in the energy markets can be adversely affected by price volatility, restrictions on the availability of credit, inflation, rising interest rates and other factors, and any reduction in the liquidity of energy markets could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE's and FPL's hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools may not protect against significant losses.
NEE and FPL have hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools, such as separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal