facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, their control, such as operator error, severe weather, geopolitical activities, terrorist activities or cyber incidents. NEE and FPL also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints associated with the information systems of third parties, including, but not limited to, those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services. Any such failure or disabling event could impact NEE's and FPL's ability to process transactions and provide services, and materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE and FPL add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis. Modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. Any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports.
NEE's and FPL's retail businesses are subject to the risk that sensitive customer data may be compromised, which could result in a material adverse impact to their reputation and/or have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL.
NEE's and FPL's retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. NEE's and FPL's retail businesses may also need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center services, to the retail businesses. If a significant breach occurred, the reputation of NEE and FPL could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. NEE and FPL would be subject to costs associated with the breach and/or NEE and FPL could be subject to fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE and FPL could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of derivative instruments and limited liquidity in OTC markets.
NEE and FPL execute transactions in derivative instruments on