effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
The structure of the energy industry and regulation in the U.S. is currently, and may continue to be, subject to challenges and restructuring proposals. Additional regulatory approvals may be required due to changes in law or for other reasons. NEE expects the laws and regulation applicable to its business and the energy industry, including laws and regulations generally
22
Table of Content
s
supportive of clean energy project development, generally to be in a state of transition for the foreseeable future. Changes in the structure of the industry or in such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE and FPL are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require NEE and FPL to limit or eliminate certain operations.
NEE and FPL are subject to domestic environmental laws, regulations and other standards, including, but not limited to, extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality and usage, soil quality, climate change, greenhouse gas emissions, waste management, hazardous wastes, marine, avian, bat and other wildlife mortality and habitat protection, historical artifact preservation, natural resources, health (including, but not limited to, electric and magnetic fields from power lines and substations), safety and RPS, that could, among other things, prevent or delay the development of power generation, storage and transmission, gas transportation, or other development projects, restrict or enjoin the output of some existing facilities, limit the availability and use of some fuels required for the production of electricity, require additional pollution control equipment, and otherwise increase costs, increase capital expenditures and limit or eliminate certain operations. Certain subsidiaries of NEE are also subject to foreign environmental laws, regulations and other standards and, as such, are subject to similar risks.
There are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules and regulations, and those costs could be even more significant in the future as a result of new requirements, stricter or more expansive application of existing environmental laws and regulations, and the addition of species, such as additional bat species, to the endangered species list.
Violations of current or future laws, rules, regulations or other standards could expose NEE and FPL to regulatory and legal proceedings, disputes with, and legal challenges by, governmental entities and third parties, and potentially significant civil fines, criminal penalties and other sanctions, such as restrictions on how NextEra