reserve amortization is calculated using a trailing thirteen-month average of retail rate base and capital structure in conjunction with the trailing twelve months regulatory retail base net operating income, which primarily includes the retail base portion of base and other revenues, net of O&M, depreciation and amortization, interest and tax expenses. In general, the net impact of these income statement line items must be adjusted, in part, by reserve amortization to earn the targeted regulatory ROE. In certain periods, reserve amortization is reversed so as not to exceed the targeted regulatory ROE. The drivers of FPL's net income not reflected in the reserve amortization calculation typically include wholesale and transmission service revenues and expenses, cost recovery clause revenues and expenses, AFUDC – equity and revenue and costs not recoverable from retail customers. In 2024 and 2023, FPL recorded reserve amortization of approximately $328 million and $227 million, respectively. See Depreciation and Amortization Expense below. FPL's earned regulatory ROE for 2024 and 2023 was approximately 11.40% and 11.80%, respectively.
In March 2024, the FPSC issued a supplemental final order regarding FPL's 2021 rate agreement. An April 2024 appeal of the order filed with the Florida Supreme Court by certain intervenors remains pending. See Note 1 – Rate Regulation.
During 2024, operating revenues decreased $1,346 million primarily related to lower storm cost recovery revenues and lower fuel cost recovery revenues, partly offset by an increase in retail base revenues.
Retail Base
FPL’s retail base revenues for 2024 and 2023 reflect the 2021 rate agreement. Retail base revenues increased approximately $272 million during the year ended December 31, 2024 primarily related to an increase of 1.9% in the average number of customer accounts and new retail base rates through its SoBRA mechanism under the 2021 rate agreement. The increases were partly offset by a decrease of approximately 0.5% in the average usage per retail customer primarily driven by unfavorable weather when compared to the prior year. See Note 1 – Rate Regulation.
In December 2024, FPL filed a formal notification with the FPSC indicating its intent to initiate a base rate proceeding. See Item 1. Business – FPL – FPL Regulation – FPL Electric Rate Regulation – Base Rates for additional information on the details of FPL's formal notification.
39
Table of Content
s
Cost Recovery Clauses
Revenues from fuel and other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs, such as franchise fees, revenue taxes and storm-related surcharges, are largely a pass-through of costs. Such revenues also include a return on investment allowed to be recovered through the cost recovery clauses on certain assets, primarily related to certain solar, environmental projects, storm protection plan investments and the unamortized balance of the regulatory asset associated with FPL's acquisition of certain generation