a specified margin.
(b)
Two series of junior subordinated debentures were issued in February 2025 and will bear interest at the stated rates until August 15, 2030 and August 15, 2035, respectively, and thereafter will bear interest based on an underlying index plus a specified margin, reset every five years, provided that the interest rate will not reset below the respective initial interest rates.
9.
Equity
Earnings Per Share
– The reconciliation of NEE's basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to NEE is as follows:
———————————————
(a)
Calculated primarily using the treasury stock method. Performance share awards are included in diluted weighted-average number of common shares outstanding based upon what would be issued if the end of the reporting period was the end of the term of the award.
30
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(unaudited)
Common shares issuable pursuant to equity units, stock options, performance share awards and/or exchangeable notes, as well as restricted stock which were not included in the denominator above due to their antidilutive effect were approximately
72.3
million and
43.4
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
– The components of AOCI, net of tax, are as follows:
———————————————
(a)
Reclassified to gains (losses) on disposal of investments and other property – net in NEE's condensed consolidated statements of income.
———————————————
(a)
Reclassified to gains (losses) on disposal of investments and other property – net in NEE's condensed consolidated statements of income.
10.
Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies
FPL 2021 Rate Agreement
– In March 2024, the FPSC issued a supplemental final order regarding FPL's 2021 rate agreement. The order affirmed the FPSC's prior approval of the 2021 rate agreement and is intended to further document, as requested by the Florida Supreme Court, how the evidence presented led to and supports the FPSC's decision to approve FPL's 2021 rate agreement. In April 2024, Florida Rising, Inc., Environmental Confederation of Southwest Florida, Inc. and League of United Latin American Citizens of Florida (collectively, the appellants) submitted a notice of appeal to the Florida Supreme Court regarding the FPSC's supplemental final order. The Florida Supreme Court issued an order granting FPL's motion to expedite the schedule. Oral arguments were held in October 2024, and the appeal remains pending.
FPL 2025 Base Rate Proceeding
– On February 28, 2025, FPL filed a petition with the FPSC requesting, among other things, approval of a
four-year
base rate plan that would begin in January 2026 (proposed
four-year
rate plan) replacing the current base rate settlement agreement that has been in place since 2022 (2021 rate agreement). The proposed four-year rate plan consists of, among other things: (i) an