commodities, such as natural gas, low sulfur diesel, electricity and renewable energy credits (RECs) from certain FPL solar generation assets. EMT procures natural gas and low sulfur diesel for FPL's use in power generation and sells excess natural gas, low sulfur diesel and electricity. EMT also uses derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. Substantially all of the results of EMT's activities are passed through to customers in the fuel or capacity clauses. See Management's Discussion – Energy Marketing and Trading and Market Risk Sensitivity and Note 3.
FPL REGULATION
FPL's operations are subject to regulation by a number of federal, state and other organizations, including, but not limited to, the following:
•
the FPSC, which has jurisdiction over retail rates, service area, issuances of securities, and planning, siting and construction of facilities, among other things;
•
the FERC, which oversees the acquisition and disposition of electric generation, transmission and other facilities, transmission of electricity and natural gas in interstate commerce, proposals to build and operate interstate natural gas pipelines and storage facilities, and wholesale purchases and sales of electric energy, among other things;
•
the NERC, which, through its regional entities, establishes and enforces mandatory reliability standards, subject to approval by the FERC, to ensure the reliability of the U.S. electric transmission and generation system and to prevent major system blackouts;
•
the NRC, which has jurisdiction over the operation of nuclear power plants through the issuance of operating licenses, rules, regulations and orders; and
•
the EPA, which has the responsibility to maintain and enforce national standards under a variety of environmental laws, in some cases delegating authority to state agencies. The EPA also works with industries and all levels of government, including federal and state governments, in a wide variety of voluntary pollution prevention programs and energy conservation efforts.
8
Table of Content
s
FPL Electric Rate Regulation
The FPSC sets rates at a level that is intended to allow the utility the opportunity to collect from retail customers total revenues (revenue requirements) equal to its cost of providing service, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. To accomplish this, the FPSC uses various ratemaking mechanisms, including, among other things, base rates and cost recovery clauses.
Base Rates
.
In general, the basic costs of providing electric service, other than fuel and certain other costs, are recovered through base rates, which are designed to recover the costs of constructing, operating and maintaining the utility system. These basic costs include O&M expenses, depreciation and taxes, as well as a return on investment in assets used and useful in providing electric service (rate