purposes and the amount recovered through rates are reported as a regulatory asset or liability in accordance with regulatory accounting. See Rate Regulation, Electric Plant, Depreciation and Amortization, and Asset Retirement Obligations above and Note 11.
Nuclear decommissioning studies are performed at least every
five years
and are filed with the FPSC for approval. FPL filed updated nuclear decommissioning studies with the FPSC in December 2020. These studies reflect, among other things, the expiration dates of the operating licenses for FPL's nuclear units at the time of the studies. The 2020 studies provide for the dismantlement of Turkey Point Units Nos. 3 and 4 following the end of plant operation with decommissioning activities commencing in 2052 and 2053, respectively; however, in 2022, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) amended Turkey Point Units Nos. 3 and 4 license renewals by removing the
20
additional years of operation reflected in the studies. FPL filed a site-specific environmental impact statement with the NRC related to the previously approved
20-year
renewal application for both Turkey Point operating licenses. Approval of the additional
20
years occurred in September 2024. The studies filed in 2020 also provide for St. Lucie Unit No. 1 to be mothballed beginning in 2036 with decommissioning activities to be integrated with the dismantlement of St. Lucie Unit No. 2 in 2043. These studies also assume that FPL will be storing spent fuel on site pending removal to a United States (U.S.) government facility. FPL's portion of the ultimate costs of decommissioning its
four
nuclear units, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately $
9.6
billion, or $
2.5
billion expressed in 2024 dollars. The ultimate costs of decommissioning reflect the applications submitted to the NRC for the extension of St. Lucie Units Nos. 1 and 2 licenses for an additional
20
years.
Restricted funds for the payment of future expenditures to decommission FPL's nuclear units are included in nuclear decommissioning reserve funds, which are included in special use funds on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. Marketable securities held in the decommissioning funds are primarily carried at fair value. See Note 4. Fund earnings, consisting of dividends, interest and realized gains and losses, net of taxes, are reinvested in the funds. Fund earnings, as well as any changes in unrealized gains and losses and estimated credit losses on debt securities, are not recognized in income and are reflected as a corresponding offset in the related regulatory asset or liability accounts. FPL does not currently make contributions to the decommissioning funds, other than the reinvestment of fund earnings. During 2024, 2023 and 2022 fund earnings on decommissioning funds were approximately $
238
million, $