144
million and $
58
million, respectively. The tax effects of amounts not yet recognized for tax purposes are included in deferred income taxes.
Other generation plant dismantlement studies are performed periodically and are submitted to the FPSC for approval. As part of the 2021 rate agreement, the FPSC approved an annual expense of $
48
million based on FPL's dismantlement studies which became effective January 1, 2022. At December 31, 2024, FPL's portion of the ultimate cost to dismantle its other generation units is approximately $
2.5
billion, or $
1.2
billion expressed in 2024 dollars.
NEER's AROs primarily include nuclear decommissioning liabilities for Seabrook Station (Seabrook), Duane Arnold Energy Center (Duane Arnold) and Point Beach Nuclear Power Plant (Point Beach) and dismantlement liabilities for its wind and solar facilities. The liabilities are being accreted using the interest method through the date decommissioning or dismantlement activities are expected to be complete. See Note 11. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, NEER's ARO was approximately $
1.4
billion and $
1.3
billion, respectively, and was determined using various internal and external data and applying a probability percentage to a variety of scenarios regarding the life of the plant and timing of decommissioning or dismantlement. NEER's portion of the ultimate cost of decommissioning its nuclear plants, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the DOE under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately $
9.8
billion, or $
2.2
billion expressed in 2024 dollars. The ultimate cost to dismantle NEER's wind and solar facilities is estimated to be approximately $
3.6
billion.
Seabrook files a comprehensive nuclear decommissioning study with the New Hampshire Nuclear Decommissioning Financing Committee (NDFC) every
four years
; the most recent study was filed in 2023. Seabrook's decommissioning funding plan is also subject to annual review by the NDFC. Currently, there are no ongoing decommissioning funding requirements for Seabrook, Duane Arnold and Point Beach, however, the NRC, and in the case of Seabrook, the NDFC, has the authority to require additional funding in the future. NEER's portion of Seabrook's, Duane Arnold's and Point Beach's restricted funds for the payment of future expenditures to decommission these plants is included in nuclear decommissioning reserve funds, which are included in special use funds on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. Marketable securities held in the decommissioning funds are primarily carried at fair value. See Note 4. Market adjustments for debt securities result in a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income (OCI), except for estimated credit losses and unrealized losses on debt securities intended or
74
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
required to be