approving certification of the class and remanded and stayed the case unless and until the plaintiffs take action at the FPSC regarding FPL's actions during Hurricane Irma. In December 2024, the Florida Supreme Court denied the plaintiffs' request to review the 3rd DCA's order.
NEE, FPL, and certain current and former executives, are the named defendants in a purported shareholder securities class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida in June 2023 and amended in December 2023 that seeks from the defendants unspecified damages allegedly resulting from alleged false or misleading statements regarding NEE's alleged campaign finance and other political activities. The alleged class of plaintiffs are all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired NEE securities between December 2, 2021 and January 30, 2023. In September 2024, the class action lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. In October 2024, the lead plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit. NEE is vigorously defending against the claims in this proceeding.
NEE, along with certain current and former executives and directors are the named defendants in purported shareholder derivative actions filed in the 15th Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County, Florida in July 2023 and March 2024, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida in October 2023 and November 2023 (which were consolidated in January 2024) and in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida in July 2024 seeking unspecified damages allegedly resulting from, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duties and, in the consolidated cases and the July 2024 case, violations of the federal securities laws, all purporting to relate to alleged campaign finance law violations and associated matters. The defendants are vigorously defending against the claims in these proceedings. NEE and the plaintiffs in the derivative actions have agreed to a specified stay. NEE also has received demand letters and books and records requests from counsel representing other purported shareholders and containing similar allegations. These demands seek, among other things, a Board of Directors investigation of, and/or documentation regarding, these allegations. NEE and certain of the shareholders demanding an investigation have agreed to a specified stay of all material activities related to the demand.
In September 2023, a participant in the NEE Employee Retirement Savings Plan (Plan), purportedly on behalf of the Plan and all persons who were participants in or beneficiaries of the Plan, at any time between September 25, 2016 and September 25, 2023 (Plan participants), filed a putative ERISA class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida against NEE. The complaint alleges that NEE violated its fiduciary duties under the