to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, FPL’s investment in the assets required to deliver utility service. Accounting guidance for FPL’s regulated operations provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if it is probable that such rates will be charged and collected. The FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred. Future FPSC decisions could impact the accounting for regulated operations, including decisions about the amount of recoverable costs and any refunds that may be required. As a result of this cost-based regulation, FPL follows the accounting guidance that allows regulators to create assets and impose liabilities, based on the probability of future cash flows, that would not be recorded by non-rate regulated entities. Regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process.
We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the requirement to have auditors with deep knowledge of and significant experience with accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the impact of rate regulation included the following, among others:
•
We tested the effectiveness of management’s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. We also tested the effectiveness of management’s controls over the initial recognition of amounts as property, plant, and equipment and regulatory assets or liabilities, including storm restoration costs; the depreciation and amortization of such amounts in accordance with FPSC orders; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs recognized as property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in future rates or of a refund or future reduction in rates that should be recognized as a regulatory liability.
•
We assessed the likelihood of (1) recovery of recorded regulatory assets and (2) obligations requiring future reductions in rates by obtaining, reading, and evaluating relevant regulatory orders issued by the FPSC to FPL, and considering regulatory precedents established by the FPSC. We also evaluated such regulatory orders and other publicly available filings made by FPL and compared them to management’s recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness.
•
We evaluated FPL's disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments.
DELOITTE &