or losses over a five-year period, the future value of plan assets will be affected as previously deferred gains or losses are recognized. Such gains and losses together with other differences between actual results and the estimates used in the actuarial valuations are deferred and recognized in determining pension income only to the extent they exceed 10% of the greater of projected benefit obligations or the market-related value of plan assets.
The following table illustrates the effect on net periodic pension income of changing the critical actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant:
NEE also utilizes actuarial assumptions about mortality to help estimate obligations of the pension plan. NEE has adopted the latest revised mortality tables and mortality improvement scales released by the Society of Actuaries, which did not have a material impact on the pension plan's obligation.
See Note 12.
Carrying Value of Long-Lived Assets
NEE evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
Nature of Accounting Estimates
The amount of future net cash flows, the timing of the cash flows and the determination of an appropriate interest rate all involve estimates and judgments about future events. In particular, the aggregate amount of cash flows determines whether an impairment exists, and the timing of the cash flows is critical in determining fair value. Because each assessment is based on the facts and circumstances associated with each long-lived asset, the effects of changes in assumptions cannot be generalized.
50
Table of Content
s
Assumptions and Accounting Approach
An impairment loss is required to be recognized if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows associated with that asset. The impairment loss to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds the asset’s fair value. In most instances, the fair value is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate interest rate.
Carrying Value of Equity Method Investments
NEE tests its equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value
.
Nature of Accounting Estimates
Indicators of impairment may include, but are not limited to, a series of operating losses of an investee, the absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment, the inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity and a current fair value of an investment that may be less than its carrying value. If indicators of impairment exist, an estimate of the investment’s fair value will be calculated. Approaches for estimating fair value include, among others, an income approach using a probability-weighted discounted cash flows model, a market approach using an earnings