Plan by permitting a third-party administrative recordkeeper to charge allegedly excessive fees for the services provided and allegedly by allowing a large volume of plan assets to be invested in NEE common stock. The plaintiff seeks declaratory, equitable and monetary relief on behalf of the Plan and Plan participants. NEE and the plaintiff have agreed to a specified stay of the action to permit the plaintiff to exhaust the administrative remedies available under the Plan.
In November 2024, NEE was named as defendant in an antitrust lawsuit (Avangrid, Inc. et al. v. NextEra Energy, Inc.) filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts. This lawsuit seeks damages of $
350
million, which are tripled in the event of a finding of monopolization under the Sherman Act, from the defendants for alleged violations of federal and state antitrust laws, as well as Massachusetts state laws. In January 2025, NEE filed a motion to dismiss and a motion to transfer venue. NEE does not believe that it should have any liability with respect to the claims in this matter.
16.
Segment Information
Effective January 1, 2024, NEE and FPL adopted an accounting standards update that provides guidance on segment reporting and requires additional disclosures related to significant segment expenses and increases the frequency of segment reporting to interim periods (updated segment standard). NEE and FPL adopted the updated segment standard using the full retrospective approach, which changed the presentation of the segment information below.
The tables below present information for NEE's
two
reportable segments, FPL, a rate-regulated utility business, and NEER, which is comprised of competitive energy and rate-regulated transmission businesses. Corporate and Other represents other business activities, includes eliminating entries, and may include the net effect of rounding. FPL has a single reportable segment. See Note 2 for information regarding NEE's and FPL's operating revenues.
NEE's and FPL's chief operating decision maker (CODM) is NEE's chief executive officer. The CODM makes key operating decisions and evaluates the reportable segment's operating results, including net income attributable to NEE, for financial planning, analysis of performance and resource allocation.
110
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Net income attributable to NEE and significant expenses for NEE's reportable segments and the FPL reportable segment are shown below.
_________________________
(a)
Interest expense allocated from NEECH to NextEra Energy Resources is based on a deemed capital structure of
70
% debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries. Residual NEECH corporate interest expense is included in Corporate and Other.
(b)
Includes amounts that were recognized based on the tax sharing agreement with NEE. See Note 1 – Income Taxes.