for the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily reflecting an impairment charge related to the investment in XPLR, unfavorable changes in the fair value of equity securities in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds and unfavorable non-qualifying hedge activity compared to 2024, partly offset by higher earnings from new investments.
Corporate and Other's results decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily due to unfavorable non-qualifying hedge activity compared to 2024.
NEE's effective income tax rates for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were approximately 914% and 11%, respectively. NEE's effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was driven by NEE's pretax loss of $57 million. See Note 4 for a discussion of NEE's and FPL's effective income tax rates.
NEE, including FPL, has taken and continues to take actions in anticipation of, or in response to, actual and threatened tariffs and other related supply chain disruptions and is taking steps intended to mitigate risks to their project development, capital improvement and maintenance activities. While there has been no material impact on NEE's or FPL's operations or financial performance as a result of these activities to date in 2025, these activities, tariffs and corresponding disruptions in the supply chain could significantly increase costs in future periods if NEE is unable to mitigate the impacts of tariffs that remain in effect.
A number of additional, non-international trade-related administrative activities have occurred in 2025 at the federal and regional levels, including federal executive orders and proposed federal or regional rulemakings and requirements. Depending on how these actions may be finalized and implemented, they could affect demand for new generation and prices for electricity, make it more difficult to obtain transmission rights and limit NEER’s and FPL's ability to obtain or renew necessary approvals, rights-of-way, permits, leases or loans for wind and other energy projects.
There have been reports of various members of the U.S. Congress advancing or preparing to propose federal legislation that could impact NEE and FPL, including legislation that could adversely change existing tax laws that are beneficial to NEE and FPL or further impact international trade.
FPL: Results of Operations
Investments in plant in service and other property grew FPL's average rate base by approximately $5.3 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 when compared to the same period in the prior year, reflecting, among other things, solar generation additions and ongoing transmission and distribution additions.
39
The use of reserve amortization is permitted by FPL's 2021 rate agreement. In order to earn a targeted regulatory ROE, subject to limitations associated with the 2021 rate agreement, reserve amortization is calculated using a trailing thirteen-month average of retail rate base and capital structure in conjunction