and results of operations of NEE and FPL and the resolution of audit issues raised by taxing authorities. These factors, including the ultimate resolution of income tax matters, may result in material adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected due to adverse results of litigation.
NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially affected by adverse results of litigation. Unfavorable resolution of legal or administrative proceedings in which NEE or FPL is involved or other future legal or administrative proceedings may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL.
Allegations of violations of law by FPL or NEE have the potential to result in fines, penalties, or other sanctions or effects, as well as cause reputational damage for FPL and NEE, and could hamper FPL’s and NEE’s effectiveness in interacting with governmental authorities.
FPL’s and NEE’s business and reputation could be adversely affected by allegations that FPL or NEE has violated laws, by any investigations or proceedings that arise from such allegations, or by ultimate determinations of legal violations. For example, media articles were first published in 2021 that alleged, among other things, Florida state and federal campaign finance law violations by FPL. FPL and NEE cannot provide assurance that the outcome of any allegations of violations of law will not result in the imposition of material fines, penalties, or otherwise result in other sanctions or effects on FPL or NEE, or will not have a material adverse impact on the reputation of NEE or FPL or on the effectiveness of their interactions with governmental regulators or other authorities.
Development and Operational Risks
NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if NEE and FPL do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities, natural gas and oil production and transportation facilities or other facilities on schedule or within budget.
NEE's and FPL's ability to proceed with projects under development and to complete construction of, and capital improvement projects for, their electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities, natural gas and oil production and transportation facilities and other facilities on schedule and within budget have been, from time to time, and in the future may be, adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance, inability to obtain or renew necessary licenses, rights-of-