generation facilities, the ability of some of its generation facilities to operate on both natural gas and low sulfur diesel, and on purchased power to maintain the flexibility to achieve a more economical fuel mix in order to respond to market and industry
developments. See discussion of solar generation additions above.
Significant Fuel and Transportation Contracts.
At December 31, 2024, FPL had the following significant fuel and transportation contracts in place:
•
firm transportation contracts with ten different transportation suppliers for natural gas pipeline capacity for an aggregate maximum delivery quantity of 2,836,000 MMBtu/day with expiration dates through 2042
(see Note 15 – Contracts);
•
several contracts for the supply of uranium and the conversion, enrichment and fabrication of nuclear fuel with expiration dates through 2039; and
•
short- and medium-term natural gas supply contracts, with expiration dates through 2028, to provide a portion of FPL's anticipated needs for natural gas, with the remainder of FPL's natural gas requirements being purchased in the spot market.
7
Table of Content
s
Nuclear Operations
At December 31, 2024, FPL owned, or had undivided interests in, and operated the four nuclear units in Florida discussed below. FPL's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including inspections, repairs and certain other modifications. Scheduled nuclear refueling outages require the unit to be removed from service for variable lengths of time.
______________________
(a)    In 2021, FPL filed an application with the NRC to renew both St. Lucie operating licenses for an additional 20 years. License renewals are pending.
(b)    Excludes 147 MW operated by FPL but owned by non-affiliates.
(c)    In September 2024, the license renewals for both Turkey Point units were approved. An intervenor's appeal of the decision dismissing its proposed contentions against the license renewals is pending before the NRC.
NRC regulations require FPL to submit a plan for decontamination and decommissioning five years before the projected end of plant operation. If the license renewals are approved by the NRC, FPL's plans provide for St. Lucie Unit No. 1 to be shut down in 2056 with decommissioning activities to be integrated with the dismantlement of St. Lucie Unit No. 2 commencing in 2063. FPL's plans provide for the dismantlement of Turkey Point Units Nos. 3 and 4 with decommissioning activities commencing in 2052 and 2053, respectively.
FPL's nuclear facilities use both on-site storage pools and dry storage casks to store spent nuclear fuel generated by these facilities, which are expected to provide sufficient storage of spent nuclear fuel that is generated at these facilities through license expiration, as well as through any pending license extensions.
FPL ENERGY MARKETING AND TRADING
FPL's Energy Marketing & Trading division (EMT) buys and sells wholesale energy