of the sale of FPL's ownership interest in its Florida City Gas business (FCG).
(d)
See Note 4 – Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements for a discussion of the impairment charge in 2022 related to the investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline, LLC (Mountain Valley Pipeline).
NEE segregates into two categories unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses and timing impacts related to derivative transactions. The first category, referred to as non-qualifying hedges, represents certain energy derivative, interest rate derivative and foreign currency transactions entered into as economic hedges, which do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, or for which hedge accounting treatment is not elected or has been discontinued. Changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility because the economic offset to certain of the positions are generally not marked to market. As a consequence, NEE's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. For example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under GAAP. For this reason, NEE's management views results expressed excluding the impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. The second category, referred to as trading activities, which is included in adjusted earnings, represents the net unrealized effect of actively traded positions entered into to take advantage of expected market price movements and all other commodity hedging activities. At FPL, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. See Note 3.
2024 Summary
Net income attributable to NEE for 2024 was lower than 2023 by $364 million, or $0.23 per share, assuming dilution, due to lower results at NEER and FPL, partly offset by higher results at Corporate and Other.
FPL's net income decreased by $9 million in 2024 primarily driven by the absence of the gain on sale of FPL's ownership interest in the FCG business in 2023 and a lower earned regulatory ROE in 2024, partly offset by continued investments in plant in service and other property.
NEER's results decreased in 2024 primarily driven by unfavorable non-qualifying hedge activity compared to 2023, partly offset by higher earnings from new investments. In 2024, NEER added approximately 1,365 MW of new wind generating capacity, 2,507 MW of solar generating capacity and 755 MW of battery storage capacity and increased its backlog of contracted renewable development projects.
38
Table of Content
s
Corporate and Other's results in 2024