approximately $
1.8
billion, resulting in an impairment charge of $
0.8
billion ($
0.6
billion after tax), which is recorded in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE’s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2024. In January 2025, XPLR announced a strategic repositioning, including suspension of the distribution to common unitholders for an indefinite period. This has resulted in the trading price of XPLR's common units to trade below the December 31, 2024 trading price. Should NEE determine, based on future analysis which includes the current and future trading prices of XPLR's common units, that an additional impairment is other-than-temporary, an impairment loss would be recorded, which would impact NEE's consolidated statement of income.
During the preparation of NEE’s September 30, 2023 financial statements, it was determined that NextEra Energy Resources’ investment in XPLR was OTTI as a result of a significant decline in trading price of XPLR's common units during the final three trading days of the third quarter of 2023 following the announcement of a decrease in XPLR’s distribution growth rate expectations. The impairment reflected NEE’s fair value analysis using the market approach and the observable trading price of XPLR’s common units at September 30, 2023 of $
29.70
. When making the OTTI determination, NEE considered, among other things, the extent to which the publicly traded unit price was less than cost. Based on the fair value analysis, the equity method investment with a carrying amount of approximately $
4.2
billion was written down to its estimated fair value of approximately $
3.0
billion, resulting in an impairment charge of $
1.2
billion ($
0.9
billion after tax), which is recorded in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE’s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2023.
During the first quarter of 2022, NextEra Energy Resources recorded an impairment charge of approximately $
0.8
billion ($
0.6
billion after tax) related to an investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline, LLC (Mountain Valley Pipeline), which is reflected in
equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees
in NEE’s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The impairment reflected NextEra Energy Resources’ fair value analysis based on the market approach and considered legal and regulatory challenges to the completion of construction and the resulting economic outlook for the pipeline. This impairment charge resulted in the complete write off of NextEra Energy Resources’ equity method investment carrying
91
Table of Contents
NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
amount as of March 31, 2022 of approximately $
0.6
billion, as well as the recording of a liability of approximately $
0.2
billion which reflected NextEra Energy Resources’ share of estimated future