tax adjustments to net income considered in computing NEE's adjusted earnings discussed above.
———————————————
(a)    For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, approximately $45 million of losses and $74 million of gains, respectively, are included in NEER's net income; the balance is included in Corporate and Other. The change in non-qualifying hedge activity is primarily attributable to changes in forward power and natural gas prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses as the underlying transactions were realized.
(b)    For the three months ended March 31, 2025, includes an impairment charge related to the investment in XPLR. See Note 3 – Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements.
38
NEE segregates into two categories unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses and timing impacts related to derivative transactions. The first category, referred to as non-qualifying hedges, represents certain energy derivative, interest rate derivative and foreign currency transactions entered into as economic hedges, which do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, or for which hedge accounting treatment is not elected or has been discontinued. Changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the condensed consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility because the economic offset to certain of the positions are generally not marked to market. As a consequence, NEE's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. For example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under GAAP. For this reason, NEE's management views results expressed excluding the impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. The second category, referred to as trading activities, which is included in adjusted earnings, represents the net unrealized effect of actively traded positions entered into to take advantage of expected market price movements and all other commodity hedging activities. At FPL, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. See Note
2.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Summary
Net income attributable to NEE decreased by $1,435 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 reflecting lower results at NEER and Corporate and Other, partly offset by higher results at FPL.
FPL's increase in net income for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was primarily driven by continued investments in plant in service and other property.
NEER's results decreased