3.  Legal Proceedings
See Note 15 – Legal Proceedings.
With regard to environmental proceedings to which a governmental authority is a party, NEE's and FPL's policy is to disclose any such proceeding if it is reasonably expected to result in monetary sanctions of greater than or equal to $1 million.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable
PART II
Item 5.  Market for Registrants' Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Common Stock Data.
All of FPL's common stock is owned by NEE. NEE's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "NEE." As of January 31, 2025, there were 13,160 holders of record of NEE's common stock. The amount and timing of dividends payable on NEE's common stock are within the sole discretion of NEE's Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reviews the dividend rate at least annually (generally in February) to determine its appropriateness in light of NEE's financial position and results of operations, legislative and regulatory developments affecting the electric utility industry in general and FPL in particular, competitive conditions, change in business mix and any other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant. In February 2025, NEE announced that it would increase its quarterly dividend on its common stock from $0.515 per share to $0.5665 per share.
35
Table of Content
s
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
Information regarding purchases made by NEE of its common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2024 is as follows:
______________________
(a)
Includes shares of common stock withheld from employees to pay certain withholding taxes upon the vesting of stock awards granted to such employees under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan.
(b)
In May 2017, NEE's Board of Directors authorized repurchases of up to 45 million shares of common stock (180 million shares after giving effect to the four-for-one stock split of NEE common stock effective October 26, 2020) over an unspecified period.
Item 6.  Reserved
36
Table of Content
s
Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
OVERVIEW
NEE’s operating performance is driven primarily by the operations of its two principal businesses, FPL, which serves more than six million customer accounts in Florida and is one of the largest electric utilities in the U.S., and NEER, which together with affiliated entities is the world's largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun based on 2024 MWh produced on a net generation basis,
as well as a world leader in battery storage capacity
. The table below presents net income (loss)
attributable to NEE and
earnings (loss) per s
hare attributable to NEE, assuming dilution, by reportable segment, FPL and NEER.
Corporate and Other is primarily comprised of the operating results of other business activities, as well as other income and expense items, including interest