are being discharged. The independent auditors and the internal audit staff have free access to the Committee without management present to discuss auditing, internal accounting control and financial reporting matters.
Management assessed the effectiveness of NEE's and FPL's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in the
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
. Based on this assessment, management believes that NEE's and FPL's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
NEE's and FPL's independent registered public accounting firm,
Deloitte & Touche LLP
, is engaged to express an opinion on NEE's and FPL's consolidated financial statements and an opinion on NEE's and FPL's internal control over financial reporting. Their reports are based on procedures believed by them to provide a reasonable basis to support such opinions. These reports appear on the following pages.
57
Table of Content
s
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of
NextEra Energy, Inc. and Florida Power & Light Company
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of NextEra Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries (NEE) and Florida Power & Light Company and subsidiaries (FPL) as of
December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework
(2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, NEE and FPL maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by COSO.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 of NEE and FPL and our report dated February 14, 2025, expressed unqualified opinions on those financial statements.
Basis for Opinion
NEE's and FPL’s management are responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for their assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on NEE’s and FPL’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to NEE and FPL in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.