majority of contracts with customers, NEE believes that the obligation to deliver energy, capacity or transmission is satisfied over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes benefits as NEE performs. NEE’s revenue from contracts with customers was approximately $
6.0
billion ($
4.0
billion at FPL) and $
5.4
billion ($
3.8
billion at FPL) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. NEE's and FPL's receivables are primarily associated with revenues earned from contracts with customers, as well as derivative and lease transactions at NEER, and consist of both billed and unbilled amounts, which are recorded in customer receivables and other receivables on NEE's and FPL's condensed consolidated balance sheets. Receivables represent unconditional rights to consideration and reflect the differences in timing of revenue recognition and cash collections. For substantially all of NEE's and FPL's receivables, regardless of the type of revenue transaction from which the receivable originated, customer and counterparty credit risk is managed in the same manner and the terms and conditions of payment are similar.
FPL
– FPL’s revenues are derived primarily from tariff-based sales that result from providing electricity to retail customers in Florida with no defined contractual term. Electricity sales to retail customers account for approximately
90
% of FPL’s operating revenues, the majority of which are to residential customers. FPL's retail customers receive a bill monthly based on the amount of monthly kWh usage with payment due monthly. For these types of sales, FPL recognizes revenue as electricity is delivered and billed to customers, as well as an estimate for electricity delivered and not yet billed. The billed and unbilled amounts represent the value of electricity delivered to the customer. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, FPL's unbilled revenues amounted to approximately
$
594
million and $
573
million, respectively, and are included in customer receivables on NEE's and FPL's condensed consolidated balance sheets. Certain contracts with customers contain a fixed price with maturity dates through 2054. As of March 31, 2025, FPL expects to record approximately $
580
million
of revenues related to the fixed price components of such contracts over the remaining terms of the related contracts. Certain of these contracts also contain a variable price component for energy usage which FPL recognizes as revenue as the energy is delivered based on rates stipulated in the respective contracts.
NEER
– NEER’s revenue from contracts with customers is derived primarily from the sale of energy commodities, electric capacity and electric transmission. For these types of sales, NEER recognizes revenue as energy commodities are delivered and as electric capacity and electric transmission are made available, consistent with the amounts billed to customers based on rates stipulated in the respective contracts as well as an