be disrupted, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business.
We and our partners, suppliers, and vendors engage writers, directors, actors, other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements in the motion picture industry, both in the U.S. and internationally.  Expiring collective bargaining agreements may be renewed on terms that are unfavorable to us.  If expiring collective bargaining agreements cannot be renewed, affected unions have, and could in the future, take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages.   Such work stoppages have resulted, and may in the future result, in halted productions and delays in our ability to provide new content to our members. Such actions, as well as higher costs or operating complexities in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on our business by causing delays in production, added costs or by reducing profit margins, and our ability to provide new content to our members could likewise be delayed or dropped.
13
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable, although we have announced plans to modify some of these provisions over time.
Our charter documents in their current form may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they:
•
authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;
•
provide for a classified board of directors until our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025;
•
prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; and
•
establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions.  Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction.  Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction.
Our stock price is volatile.
The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly.  The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our control:
•
variations in our operating results, including our membership