similar work under comparable circumstances.  We aim to rectify any pay gaps that we find through this analysis.
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families and provide a variety of benefit programs based on region, including health benefits.  In the U.S., employees generally receive an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums in a way that makes sense for them.  Employees have access to a host of other benefits, including mental health, childcare, family planning and a company match for charitable donations.
We believe that our approach to human capital resources has been instrumental in our growth, and has made Netflix a desirable destination for employees.
2
Table of Contents
OTHER INFORMATION
We maintain a website at
www.netflix.com.
The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and other information to our investors using our investor relations website (
ir.netflix.net
), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts.  We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues.  It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information.  Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.
3
Table of Contents
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed.  In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Related to Our Business
If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected.
We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our content and service, as well as provide a quality