court proceedings or other legal actions.  We have filed and we expect to file from time to time for trademark, copyright, and patent applications.  Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any copyrights, patents or trademarks issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or misappropriation without substantial expense to us.  If the protection of our intellectual property rights is inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand, content, and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to members and potential members may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract members may be adversely affected.
We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netflix.com.  Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our website and our service.  We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.
Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our technology, business processes, and content.
Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies.  Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes, the content we produce and distribute through our service, and consumer products,
8
Table of Contents
experiences, and marketing assets based thereon.  We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and experiences, and marketing our service.  From time to time, third parties allege that we have infringed or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights.  If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected.  In addition, the use or adoption of new and emerging technologies may increase our exposure to intellectual property claims, and the availability of copyright and other intellectual property protection for AI-generated material is uncertain.  Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business.  There are numerous patents