with the GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act/CPRA, other data privacy laws or regulations, or related contractual or other obligations, or any perceived privacy rights violation, have and could in the future lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, which to date have not been material but
10
Table of Contents
may result in significant damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation and market position.
Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits.  Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws that limit our ability to collect, transfer and use personal information, could have an adverse effect on our business.  In addition, if we were to disclose personal information about our members in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results.  Internationally, we may become subject to additional and/or more stringent legal obligations concerning our treatment of member and other personal information, such as laws regarding data localization, data transfer and/or restrictions on data export.  Failure to comply with these obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model or practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses.
Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if member personal information, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons.
We maintain personal information regarding our members, including names, age, gender and billing information.  This personal information is maintained on our own systems as well as that of third parties we use in our operations.  With respect to billing information, such as credit card numbers, we rely on encryption and authentication technology to secure such information.  We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information.  Despite these measures and technologies we, our payment processing services or other third-party services we use such as AWS, could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information.  In the event of such a breach, current and potential members may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to remain or become members.  We have notified and may in the future be required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived data breach (including various state Attorneys General, one or more EU data protection authorities, or other data protection authorities) as well as the individuals who are affected by