revenue primarily consists of membership fees billed that have not been recognized, as well as gift and other prepaid memberships that have not been fully redeemed.  As of December 31, 2024, total deferred revenue was $
1,521
million, the vast majority of which was related to membership fees billed that are expected to be recognized as revenue within the next month. The remaining deferred revenue balance, which is related to gift cards and other prepaid memberships, will be recognized as revenue over the period of service after redemption, which is expected to occur over the next 12 months.  The $
78
million increase in deferred revenue as compared to the balance of $
1,443
million for the year ended December 31, 2023, is a result of the increase in membership fees billed due to increased memberships and price increases.
3.
Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period.  Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential outstanding shares of common stock during the period.  Potential outstanding shares of common stock are calculated using the treasury-stock method and consist of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options and vesting of time-based and performance-based restricted stock units.
The computation of earnings per share is as follows:
The following table summarizes the potential shares of common stock excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive:
47
Table of Contents
4.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Short-term Investments
The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale (“AFS”).  The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future.  The Company’s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return.  From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price.
The following tables summarize the Company's cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:
(1) The majority of the Company's time deposits are international deposits, which mature within one year.
(2) The Company's government securities mature within one year.
Other current assets include restricted cash for deposits related to self-insurance.  Non-current assets include restricted cash related to letter of credit agreements.  The fair value of AFS securities, cash equivalents and short-term investments included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs