process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business.  If our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, including as a result of “bugs” or other errors in our development and deployment of software, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired.  Any harm to our members’ devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business.
We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet.  If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected.  To the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted.  Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted.
Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming.  As such, many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success.  While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help counterbalance these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively impacted.  The extent to which these incentives limit operator behavior differs across markets.
Risks Related to Privacy
Privacy concerns could limit our ability to collect and leverage member personal information and disclosure of member personal information could adversely impact our business and reputation.
In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with content acquisition, merchandising our service to our members and our advertising offering, we collect and utilize information supplied by our members and third parties, which may include personal information and other data.  We are subject to laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal information, including but not limited to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (also known as the General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR”) and the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA").  Any actual or perceived failure to comply