Open Connect, payroll and related personnel expenses and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering content over the internet.  Other operating costs include customer service and payment processing fees, including those we pay to our integrated payment partners, as well as other costs directly incurred in making our content available to members.
The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 was due to a $1,104 million increase in content amortization relating to our existing and new content.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and certain payments made to marketing and advertising sales partners, including consumer electronics ("CE") manufacturers, multichannel video programming distributors ("MVPDs"), mobile operators, and ISPs. Marketing expenses include promotional activities such as digital and television advertising. Sales and marketing expenses also include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for personnel that support advertising sales and marketing activities.
21
Table of Contents
The increase in sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by a $131 million increase in personnel-related costs due to the growth in advertising sales headcount.  Other sales and marketing expenses increased $129 million primarily due to a $54 million increase in marketing expenses due to the timing of marketing spend on our content slate, coupled with an increase in expenses incurred in connection with our advertising offering, including increased payments to advertising sales partners and other advertising distribution expenses.
Technology and Development
Technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising and infrastructure.  Technology and development expenses also include costs associated with general use computer hardware and software.
The increase in technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily due to a $224 million increase in personnel-related costs.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for corporate personnel.  General and administrative expenses also include professional fees and other general corporate expenses.
General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 remained relatively flat.
Interest Expense
Interest expense consists