on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members, is prohibited by law, or could be damaging to our brand or business.
To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, or if we become liable for content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer.  Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations.  We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims.
If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
We are expanding our operations, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services, such as introducing games and advertising on our service, as well as offering live programming and expanding our consumer products and experiences.  We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce original content.  As our international offering evolves, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and streaming video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments.  As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features such as our ad-supported subscription plan and live programming, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party “cloud” computing, technology and other services.  As we scale our content production, including games, and introduce new features and expand our consumer products and experience offerings, we are building out expertise in a number of disciplines, including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing, merchandising and other resources, which requires significant resources and management attention. Further, we may expand our content and service offerings in a manner that is not well received by consumers.  As we grow our operations, we may face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control.  If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or evolving our corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected.
If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected.
We believe