the underlying exposures when recognized in earnings.
27
Table of Contents
We use non-derivative instruments to mitigate foreign exchange risk related to our net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. These non-derivative instruments may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures. We designate a portion of our foreign currency-denominated Senior Notes in euros as net investment hedges and the gains or losses on these non-derivative instruments are reported as a component of AOCI and remain in AOCI until the hedged net investment is sold or liquidated, at which point the amounts recognized in AOCI are reclassified into earnings.
We have also experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the functional currency.  In the year ended December 31, 2024, we began entering into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on intercompany transactions and monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries. These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures. Certain contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and the gains or losses on these derivative instruments are recorded in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We also designate certain contracts as fair value hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on the remeasurement of our foreign-currency denominated debt. The gains or losses on these derivative instruments included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recorded in “Interest and other income (expense),” net with the offsetting foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses on the hedged items.  If an adverse change in exchange rates of 10% was applied to our monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, income before income taxes would have been approximately $38 million and $516 million lower, respectively, after considering the offsetting impact of the foreign currency exchange contracts and our net investment hedges. The decrease in the hypothetical adverse change in income before taxes from $516 million as of December 31, 2023 to $38 million as of December 31, 2024 is primarily driven by our use of non-derivative and derivative instruments to mitigate foreign exchange risk related to the remeasurement of foreign-currency denominated balances during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes listed in