consultants.
Restricted Stock Unit Awards
The Company grants time-based restricted stock unit (“RSU”) awards and performance-based restricted stock unit (“PSU”) awards to certain executive officers. RSU awards vest quarterly over a
three-year
period subject to the executive’s continued employment or service with the Company through the vesting date. PSU awards have performance periods ranging from
one
to
three years
and vest depending on the Company’s achievement of predetermined market-based performance targets.
Stock Option Activity
The following table summarizes the activities related to the Company’s stock options:
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2024 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on the last trading day of 2024.  This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company’s common stock.
A summary of the amounts related to option exercises, is as follows:
58
Table of Contents
The total fair value of stock options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
242
million and $
311
million, respectively. The Company did not grant any stock options subject to vesting conditions in the year ended December 31, 2022.
Restricted Stock Unit Activity
The following table summarizes the activities related to the Company’s unvested RSUs and PSUs:
(1) Amounts exclude
26,660
incremental PSU awards that will be granted and
53,320
incremental PSU awards that will vest based on the achievement of market-based performance targets during the period presented, but have not been settled as of December 31, 2024.
The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2024 was $
15
million.
No
RSUs or PSUs were granted in the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.
Stock-Based Compensation
The following table summarizes total stock-based compensation expense and the related income tax impact:
As of December 31, 2024, $
46
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and RSUs is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.4
years.
Stock Repurchases
In September 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $
10
billion, with no expiration date, and in December 2024, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $
15
billion, also with no expiration date.  Stock repurchases may be effected through open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase plans, block purchases, or other similar purchase techniques and in such