original content, which will impact our liquidity.  Our other uses of cash include strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as share repurchases.  We currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds and access to financing sources, including our revolving credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond.
Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our content, debt and lease obligations. As of March 31, 2025, the expected timing of those payments are as follows:
(1)
As of March 31, 2025, content obligations were comprised of $4.1 billion included in “Current content liabilities” and $1.7 billion of “Non-current content liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $16.0 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not then meet the criteria for recognition.
The material cash requirements above do not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years.  However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months.  The foregoing range is based on considerable management judgments and the actual amounts may differ.  Once we know the title that we will receive and the license fees, we include the amount in the contractual obligations table above.
(2)
Debt obligations include our Notes consisting of principal and interest payments.  See Note 6
Debt
to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
(3)
Operating lease obligations are comprised of operating lease liabilities included in "Accrued expenses and other liabilities" and "Other non-current liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, inclusive of imputed interest.  Operating lease obligations also include additional obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not meet the criteria for recognition.  See Note 5
Balance Sheet Components
in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details regarding leases.
In addition to the material cash requirements summarized in the table above, we may be required to pay deposits of approximately $900 million related to certain direct and indirect taxes in the next twelve months, which are in excess of our typical annual obligations.
Cash Flows
The following table summarizes our cash flows:
Net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased $577 million as compared to the corresponding period in 2024, primarily driven by a $558 million or 24% increase in net income, an increase in adjustments for non-cash expenses, partially offset by unfavorable