revolving credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond.
Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our content, debt and lease obligations.  As of December 31, 2024, the expected timing of those payments are as follows:
(1)
As of December 31, 2024, content obligations were comprised of $4.4 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $1.8 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $17.0 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not then meet the criteria for recognition.
Content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of content. An obligation for the production of content includes non-cancelable commitments under creative talent and employment agreements and other production related
24
Table of Contents
commitments.  An obligation for the acquisition and licensing of content is incurred at the time we enter into an agreement to obtain future titles.  Once a title becomes available, a content liability is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and/or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date.  Traditional film output deals, or certain TV series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of these types of agreements. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years.  However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months.  The foregoing range is based on considerable management judgments and the actual amounts may differ. Once we know the title that we will receive and the license fees, we include the amount in the contractual obligations table above.
(2)
Debt obligations include our Notes consisting of principal and interest payments.  See Note 6
Debt
in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details.
(3)
Operating lease obligations are comprised of operating lease liabilities included in "Accrued expenses and other liabilities" and "Other non-current liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, inclusive of imputed interest. Operating lease obligations also include additional obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not meet the criteria for recognition. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has additional operating leases for real estate that have not yet commenced of $38 million which has