reclassified into “Cost of Revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the hedged transaction affects earnings, which occurs as the underlying hedged content assets are amortized. Cash flows from hedging activities are classified in the same category as the cash flows for the underlying item being hedged within "Net cash provided by operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
In the event that the likelihood of occurrence of the underlying forecasted transactions is determined to be probable not to occur, the gains or losses on the related cash flow hedges are reclassified from AOCI to “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period of dedesignation.
Fair value hedges
The Company designates forward contracts as fair value hedges to manage the foreign exchange risk on its foreign-currency denominated debt. These hedges may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange movements, and the Company may choose not to hedge the full amount of its exposure. The gain or loss on derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness is recognized in “Interest and other income (expense),” net with the offsetting foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses on the hedged items. The Company excludes forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognizes the initial value of the excluded component over the life of the hedging instrument in “Interest and other income (expense)” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  The difference between changes in fair value of the excluded component and the amount recognized in earnings is recognized as a component in AOCI. Cash flows from hedging activities are classified in the same category as the cash flows for the underlying item being hedged within "Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Net investment hedges
The Company designates a portion of its foreign currency-denominated debt as net investment hedges to manage the foreign exchange risk on its investment in certain foreign subsidiaries. These hedges may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange movements, and the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures. The gains or losses on these non-derivative instruments are reported as a component of AOCI as part of the cumulative translation adjustment on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accumulated gains and losses remain in AOCI until the hedged net investment is sold or liquidated, at which point the amounts recognized in AOCI are reclassified into earnings.
Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments
The Company enters into forward contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk on intercompany transactions and monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the