Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
Results of Operations
The following represents our consolidated performance highlights:
(1) We discontinued our DVD-by-mail service in the year ended December 31, 2023. The discontinuance of our DVD business had an immaterial impact on our operations and financial results.
(2) A paid membership (also referred to as a paid subscription) is defined as a membership that has the right to receive Netflix service following sign-up and a method of payment being provided, and that is not part of a free trial or certain other promotions that may be offered by the Company to new or rejoining members. Certain members have the option to add extra member sub accounts. These extra member sub accounts are not included in paid memberships. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations generally become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period. Involuntary cancellations, as a result of a failed method of payment, become effective immediately. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign-up as determined by the Company’s internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology.
(3) We believe the non-GAAP financial measure of constant currency revenue is useful in analyzing the underlying trends in average monthly revenue per paying membership (“ARM”) absent foreign currency fluctuations. However, this non-GAAP financial measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.
In order to exclude the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations on ARM, we calculate current period revenue assuming foreign exchange rates had remained constant with foreign exchange rates from each of the corresponding months of the prior-year period and exclude the impact of hedging gains or losses realized as revenues. Constant currency percentage change in ARM is calculated as the percentage change between current period constant currency ARM and the prior comparative period ARM.  The impact of hedging gains or losses is excluded from both the current and prior periods.  For the year ended December 31, 2024, our revenues would have been approximately $1,424 million higher, excluding the impact of hedging and had foreign currency exchange rates remained constant with those for the year ended December 31, 2023.  The unfavorable foreign exchange rate impacts in the year ended December 31, 2024 were primarily driven by the devaluation of the Argentine peso relative to the U.S. dollar coupled with significant price increases in the local currency in this jurisdiction.
Operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2024 increased six percentage points as compared to the prior comparative period, primarily due to revenues growing at a faster rate as compared to the growth in cost of