foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate fluctuations in forecasted and firmly committed U.S. dollar-equivalent transactions related to the licensing and production of content assets from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures.  We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges and initially record the gains or losses on these derivative instruments as a component of AOCI and reclassify the amounts into “Cost of Revenues” to offset the hedged exposures as they affect earnings, which occurs as the underlying hedged content assets are amortized.  If the U.S dollar strengthened by 10% as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately $201 million and $187 million lower, respectively.  This adverse change in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding favorable foreign currency change in the underlying exposures when recognized in earnings.
We use non-derivative instruments to mitigate foreign exchange risk related to our net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries.  These non-derivative instruments may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures.  We designate a portion of our foreign currency-denominated Senior Notes in euros as net investment hedges and the gains or losses on these non-derivative instruments are reported as a component of AOCI and remain in AOCI until the hedged net investment is sold or liquidated, at which point the amounts recognized in AOCI are reclassified into earnings.
We have also experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the functional currency.  We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on intercompany transactions and monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries.  These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures.  Certain contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and the gains or losses on these derivative instruments are recorded in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  We also designate certain contracts as fair value hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on the remeasurement of our foreign-currency denominated debt.  The gains or losses on these derivative instruments included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recorded in “Interest and other income