The majority of the Company's time deposits are international deposits, which mature within one year.
(2) The Company's government securities mature within one year.
Other current assets and non-current assets primarily consist of restricted cash for deposits related to self-insurance.  The fair value of available-for-sale securities, cash equivalents and short-term investments included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly.
See Note 6
Debt
and Note 7
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the fair value of the Company’s senior notes and derivative financial instruments.
10
5.
Balance Sheet Components
Content Assets, Net
Content assets consisted of the following:
The following table summarizes the amortization of content assets:
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following:
11
Leases
The Company has entered into operating leases primarily for real estate.  Operating leases are included in "Other non-current assets" on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, and represent the Company’s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.  The Company’s obligations to make lease payments are included in "Accrued expenses and other liabilities" and "Other non-current liabilities" on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Information related to the Company's operating right-of-use assets and related operating lease liabilities were as follows:
Other Current Assets
Other current assets consisted of the following:
12
Table of Contents
6.
Debt
As of March 31, 2025, the Company had aggregate outstanding notes of $
15,017
million, net of $
67
million of issuance costs and discounts, with varying maturities (the "Notes").  Of the outstanding balance, $
1,006
million, net of issuance costs, is classified as short-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  As of December 31, 2024, the Company had aggregate outstanding notes of $
15,583
million, net of $
70
million of issuance costs and discounts.  Each of the Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company.  Interest is payable semi-annually at fixed rates.
A portion of the outstanding Notes is denominated in foreign currency (comprised of €
5,170
million) and is remeasured into U.S. dollars at each balance sheet date (with remeasurement loss, net of hedging impacts, totaling $
29
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025).  See Note 7
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company’s derivative and non-derivative financial instruments.
The following table provides a summary of the Company's outstanding debt and the fair values based on quoted