engaged in content production, some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year and may be covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe an important component of our success is our company culture. This culture, which is detailed in a "Culture Memo" located on our website, is often described as providing a unique environment for our employees to perform the best work of their lives in pursuit of excellence.
We aim to attract and retain great people - representing a diverse array of perspectives and skills - to work together as a dream team. As our business grows and changes, we seek to improve our culture to meet the new needs of our business. We believe our dynamic culture helps us create a better experience for our members, employees, creators and partners.
As we have expanded our offices globally, our company culture remains an important aspect of our operations.  We are mindful of cultural differences across and within regions.  Fostering a work environment that is culturally diverse, inclusive and equitable is a major focus for us.  We work to build diversity, inclusion and equity into all aspects of our operations globally, with the goal of having diversity and inclusion function as a critical lens through which each Netflix employee carries out their role.  We want more people and cultures to see themselves reflected on screen - so it’s important that our employee base is diverse and represents the communities we serve. We look to help increase representation by educating our people leaders and recruiters on how to hire more inclusively, and to help the company and senior leaders diversify their networks. We also support numerous employee resource groups (ERGs), representing employees and allies from a broad array of historically underrepresented and/or marginalized communities.  We publish annually an update on our inclusion initiatives and progress, which further highlights our approach to diversity and inclusion, and publish our EEO-1 reports on our website.
We believe in fostering great leaders.  We offer various experiences and training to inform our employees about our culture and other context that we believe is important for success at Netflix. We aim to equip our people leaders (officers, VPs, directors, and manager-level employees) to lead the business and our teams in alignment with our expectations and strategic objectives.
We aim generally to pay our employees at their personal top of market, and they generally are able to choose the form of their compensation between cash and stock options.  This permits employee compensation to be highly personalized and reflective of each employee's individual needs and preferences.  We conduct pay equity analyses at least annually, and have adopted practices to help ensure that employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid based on gender identity (globally) and race or ethnicity (U.S.) relative to others doing the same or