content not included in content amortization may include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other personnel-related expenses, costs associated with obtaining rights to music included in our content, overall deals with talent, miscellaneous production-related costs and participations and residuals.  Streaming delivery costs are primarily related to our global content delivery network (“Open Connect”).  We have built our own Open Connect network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to Open Connect, payroll and related personnel expenses and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering content over the internet.  Other operating costs include customer service and payment processing fees, including those we pay to our integrated payment partners, as well as other costs directly incurred in making our content available to members.
The increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to a $152 million increase in content amortization relating to our existing and new content.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of expenses for promotional activities such as digital and television advertising, and certain payments made to marketing and advertising sales partners.  Our marketing partners include consumer electronics manufacturers, multichannel video programming distributors, mobile operators, and internet service providers.  Our advertising sales partners include advertising technology providers and advertising agencies.  Sales and marketing expenses also include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for personnel that support advertising sales and marketing activities.
The increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily driven by a $33 million increase in personnel-related costs due to the growth in advertising sales headcount, coupled with a $23 million increase in expenses incurred in connection with our advertising offering, including increased payments to advertising sales partners and other advertising distribution expenses.  The increase in expenses related to personnel and our advertising offering was partially offset by an $18 million decrease in other marketing expenses.
25
Table of Contents
Technology and Development
Technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendations and infrastructure.  Technology and development expenses also include costs associated with general use computer hardware and software.
The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $116 million increase in personnel-related costs.
General and Administrative
General and