U.S. dollar may negatively affect our revenue and operating income as expressed in U.S. dollars. Excluding the impact of hedging gains or losses realized as revenues, our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 would have been approximately $1,424 million higher had foreign currency exchange rates remained constant with those in the same period of 2023.  The unfavorable foreign exchange rate impact in the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily driven by the devaluation of the Argentine peso relative to the U.S. dollar coupled with significant price increases in the local currency in this jurisdiction.  See Part II, Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further information regarding our non-GAAP financial measure of constant currency.
We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate fluctuations in forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent revenues from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted foreign currency revenue and initially record the gains or losses on these derivative instruments as a component of AOCI and reclassify the amounts into “Revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. If the U.S dollar weakened by 10% as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately $1.9 billion and $958 million lower, respectively. This adverse change in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding favorable foreign currency change in the underlying forecasted revenues when recognized in earnings.
We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate fluctuations in forecasted and firmly committed U.S. dollar-equivalent transactions related to the licensing and production of content assets from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges and initially record the gains or losses on these derivative instruments as a component of AOCI and reclassify the amounts into “Cost of Revenues” to offset the hedged exposures as they affect earnings, which occurs as the underlying hedged content assets are amortized. If the U.S dollar strengthened by 10% as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately $187 million and $71 million lower, respectively. This adverse change in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding favorable foreign currency change in