three months ended March 31, 2025.  The amount of principal and interest on our outstanding notes due in the next twelve months is $1,697 million. As of March 31, 2025, no amounts had been borrowed under the $3 billion Revolving Credit Agreement.  See Note 6
Debt
in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements.
We anticipate that we may periodically raise additional debt capital.  Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose or need, including for the refinancing of upcoming maturities or potential strategic acquisitions and investments, will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing.  We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all.  If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution.
In September 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $10 billion of our common stock, with no expiration date, and in December 2024, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $15 billion, also with no expiration date.  Stock repurchases may be effected through open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase plans, block purchases, or other similar purchase techniques and in such amounts as management deems appropriate.  We are not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, general economic, business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities.  We may discontinue any repurchases of our common stock at any time without prior notice.  During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company repurchased 3,713,828 shares of common stock for an aggregate amount of $3.5 billion.  As of March 31, 2025, $13.6 billion remains available for repurchases.
Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery, and personnel-related costs.  Cash payment terms for non-original content have historically been in line with the amortization period.  Investments in original content, and in particular content that we produce and own, require more cash upfront relative to licensed content.  For example,
27
Table of Contents
production costs are paid as the content is created, well in advance of when the content is available on the service and amortized.  We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in