the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification obligations.
9.
Stockholders’ Equity
Equity Incentive Plans
The Netflix, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan is a stockholder-approved plan that provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units to employees, directors and consultants.
Stock Option Activity
Stock options are generally vested in full upon the grant date and are exercisable for the full
ten-year
contractual term regardless of employment status.  Stock options granted to certain named executive officers in fiscal years 2023 and 2024 vest on the
one-year
anniversary of the grant date, subject to the employee’s continuous employment or service with the Company through the vesting date.  All executive options subject to a
one-year
service period have vested as of March 31, 2025.
The following table summarizes the activities related to the Company’s stock options:
18
Table of Contents
Restricted Stock Unit Activity
The Company grants time-based restricted stock unit (“RSU”) awards and performance-based restricted stock unit (“PSU”) awards to certain executive officers.  RSU awards vest quarterly over a
three-year
period subject to the executive’s continued employment or service with the Company through the vesting date.  PSU awards have performance periods ranging from
one
to
three years
and vest depending on the Company’s achievement of predetermined market-based performance targets.
The following table summarizes the activities related to the Company’s unvested RSUs and PSUs:
(1) Amounts include
26,660
PSU awards that were granted and
53,320
PSU awards that vested based on the achievement of market-based performance targets during the performance period ended December 31, 2024, but were settled in the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Stock-based Compensation
Total stock-based compensation expense was $
72
million and $
76
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Stock Repurchases
In September 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $
10
billion of the Company’s common stock, with no expiration date, and in December 2024, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $
15
billion, also with no expiration date.  Stock repurchases may be effected through open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase plans, block purchases, or other similar purchase techniques and in such amounts as management deems appropriate.  The Company is not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the