competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies more effectively to satisfy consumer demand, our ability to compete successfully and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions.  Piracy also threatens to damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. In light of the compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth, and our efforts to prevent that growth may be insufficient. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors and win moments of truth, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability.
We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service.
As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute.  We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials.  We devote significant resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming.  We believe that original and exclusive programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain members.  To the extent our programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of costs, viewing and popularity, our business, including our brand and results of operations may be adversely impacted.  As a content producer, we are responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments, and take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk.  Further, negotiations or renewals related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future, could negatively impact timing and costs associated with our productions.  We contract with third parties related to the development, production,  marketing and distribution of our original programming.  We may face potential liability or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including but not limited to if such third parties violate applicable law, become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior.  To the extent we create and sell physical or digital merchandise relating to our programming, and/or license such rights to third parties, we could become subject to product liability, intellectual property or other claims related to such merchandise.  We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content