Contents
We do not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes.  We may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement.  Due to uncertainties in any tax audit outcome, our estimates of the ultimate settlement of our unrecognized tax positions may change and the actual tax benefits may differ significantly from the estimates.
See Note 10
Income Taxes
to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The information set forth under Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements under the caption “Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
We are exposed to market risks related to interest rate changes and the corresponding changes in the market values of our debt and foreign currency fluctuations.
Interest Rate Risk
At December 31, 2024, our cash equivalents were generally invested in money market funds and time deposits.  Interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate.  Our short-term investments are primarily comprised of investments in government securities.  These securities are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) within Stockholders' equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the market value of these securities.
As of December 31, 2024, we had $15.7 billion of debt, consisting of fixed rate unsecured debt in fifteen tranches due between 2025 and 2054. Refer to Note 6
Debt
to the consolidated financial statements for details about all issuances. The fair value of our debt will fluctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest.  The fair value of our debt will also fluctuate based on changes in foreign currency rates, as discussed below.
Foreign Currency Risk
We operate our business globally and transact in multiple currencies. Currencies denominated in other than the U.S. dollar accounted for 56% of revenue and 29% of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024. We therefore have foreign currency risk related to these currencies, which are primarily the euro, the British pound, the Brazilian real, Argentine peso, and the Mexican peso.
Accordingly, volatility in exchange rates, and in particular a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the