consumers buy internet-connected screens and when they tend to increase their viewing.  Historically, the fourth quarter represents our greatest streaming membership growth.  In addition, our membership growth can be impacted by our content release schedule and changes to pricing and plans.
1
Table of Contents
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success.  We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property.  Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes, the content we produce and distribute through our service, and the consumer products and experiences based thereon.  We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute.  The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary.  Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property.  We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes.
REGULATION
The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action.  Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries.  We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours.  In particular, we are seeing some countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix.  This includes content quotas, levies and investment obligations.  Some even restrict the extent of ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content.  In certain countries, regulators are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact all services and may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offerings we may provide.
HUMAN CAPITAL
We view our employees and our culture as key to our success.  As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 14,000 full-time employees.  Of these, approximately 9,600 (69%) were located in the United States and Canada, 2,200 (16%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 600 (4%) in Latin America and 1,600 (11%) in Asia-Pacific.  We also have a number of employees