communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. In addition, we utilize third-party “cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations.  We also utilize our own and third-party
9
Table of Contents
content delivery networks ("CDN") to help us stream content and offer games in high volume to Netflix members over the internet.  Problems faced by us or our third-party “cloud” computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference, could adversely impact the experience of our members.
We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.
Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a "cloud" computing service.  We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS.  Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS.  Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, any commercial disputes related to, disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.  While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage against our service, although if it were to do so it could harm our business.
If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business.  This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices.  For example, we have built and deployed our own CDN.  To the extent Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”) do not interconnect with our CDN or  charge us to access their networks, or if we experience difficulties in our CDN’s operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.  Likewise, if our recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our members will enjoy, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected.  We also utilize third-party technology to help market our service,