earned. In general, tax incentives are realized as cash receipts and may be received prior to or after a title launches on our service. Upon a title’s launch, any amounts we are eligible for through qualified production spend but have not received, are recognized in “Other current assets” or “Other non-current assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as receivables. Tax incentives are generally accounted for as a reduction to the cost basis of content assets (presented in “Content assets, net”) and reduce content amortization over the life of the title (as presented in “Cost of revenues”) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Our business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level.  Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost.  To date, we have not identified any such event or changes in circumstances.  If such changes are identified in the future, these aggregated content assets will be stated at the lower of unamortized cost or fair value.  In addition, unamortized costs for assets that have been, or are expected to be, abandoned are written off.
Income Taxes
We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method.  Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not they will not be realized.
Although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of any tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements.
In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, our forecast of future earnings and future taxable income,  and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.  The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying business.  Actual operating results in future years could differ from our current assumptions, judgments and estimates.
26
Table of