statements is included throughout this filing and particularly in Item 1A: "Risk Factors" section set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking statement, except as may otherwise be required by law.
Item 1.
Business
ABOUT US
Netflix, Inc. (“Netflix”, “the Company”, “registrant”, “we”, or “us”) is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with approximately 302 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target. We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members. We aim to offer a range of pricing plans, including our ad-supported subscription plan, to meet a variety of consumer needs. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
We operate as one operating segment.  Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members.  See Note 12,
Segment and Geographic Information
, in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail.
COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change.  We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers’ leisure time, including other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers, as well as user-generated content, some of which are by professional content creators, and more broadly against other sources of entertainment, such as social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time.  We also compete against entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for licensed content and for original content projects.
While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time.  We have often referred to this choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth."  In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our content offerings.
SEASONALITY
Our membership growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reflects variations when