that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members.  To the extent our content is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted.  To the extent our content is deemed controversial or offensive by government regulators, we may face direct or indirect
5
Table of Contents
retaliatory action or behavior, including being required to remove such content from our service, our entire service could be banned and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our business and operations.  We could also face boycotts which could adversely affect our business.  Furthermore, to the extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. There is an increasing focus from regulators, investors, members and other stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters, both in the United States and internationally, including the adoption of new disclosure and regulatory frameworks.  To the extent we are unable to meet regulatory or industry standards or investor expectations on ESG issues or the content we distribute and the manner in which we produce content creates ESG related concerns, our reputation may be harmed.
Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments.
From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses, content, and technologies that support our business. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments (some of which may be unforeseen) include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management’s time and attention, among other acquisition-related risks.
We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business.  In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated.  Acquisitions and investments may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results.  These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results.
We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices.
We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-