administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for corporate personnel.  General and administrative expenses also include professional fees and other general corporate expenses.
The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a $25 million increase in third-party expenses.
Interest Expense
Interest expense consists primarily of the interest associated with our outstanding debt obligations, including the amortization of debt issuance costs.  See Note 6
Debt
in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail on our debt obligations.
Interest expense primarily consists of interest on our Notes of $184 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025.  The increase in interest expense for the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024 was due to the increase in debt.
Interest and Other Income (Expense)
Interest and other income (expense) consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign currency denominated balances, gains and losses on certain derivative instruments, and interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
26
Table of Contents
Interest and other income (expense) decreased in the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily due to foreign exchange losses of $36 million, net of the impacts of derivatives and hedging, compared to gains of $94 million for the corresponding period in 2024.  In the three months ended March 31, 2025, the foreign exchange losses were primarily driven by the non-cash loss of $29 million from the remeasurement of our €5,170 million Senior Notes, net of hedging impacts, coupled with the remeasurement of cash and content liability positions in currencies other than the functional currencies.  In the three months ended March 31, 2024, the foreign exchange gains were primarily driven by the non-cash gains from the remeasurement of our €5,170 million Senior Notes of $131 million, partially offset by the remeasurement of cash and content liability positions in currencies other than the functional currencies.
Provision for Income Taxes
The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, was primarily due to higher excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments decreased $1,211 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily due to the repurchase of stock and repayment of debt, partially offset by cash provided by operations and proceeds from issuance of common stock.
Debt, net of debt issuance costs and discounts, decreased $566 million primarily due to the repayment upon maturity of the $800 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.875% Senior Notes, partially offset by the remeasurement of our euro-denominated notes in the