19.1.
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Compensation of Named Executive Officers and Other Matters” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information with respect to principal independent registered public accounting firm fees and services is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption “Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
32
Table of Contents
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
(1)
Financial Statements:
The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
(2)
Financial Statement Schedules:
The financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
(3)
Exhibits:
See Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 16.       Form 10–K Summary
None.
33
Table of Contents
NETFLIX, INC.
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
34
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Netflix, Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Netflix, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for