unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) within Stockholders' equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the market value of these securities.
As of March 31, 2025, we had $15.1 billion of debt, consisting of fixed rate unsecured debt in fourteen tranches due between 2025 and 2054.  Refer to Note 6
Debt
to the consolidated financial statements for details about all issuances.  The fair value of our debt will fluctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest.  The fair value of our debt will also fluctuate based on changes in foreign currency rates, as discussed below.
Foreign Currency Risk
We operate our business globally and transact in multiple currencies.  Currencies denominated in other than the U.S. dollar accounted for 55% of revenue and 29% of operating expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2025.  We therefore have foreign currency risk related to these currencies, which are primarily the euro, the British pound, the Brazilian real, the Mexican peso, and the Canadian dollar.
Accordingly, volatility in exchange rates and, in particular, a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may negatively affect our revenue and operating income as expressed in U.S. dollars.  Excluding the impact of hedging gains or losses realized as revenues, our revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 would have been approximately $311 million higher had foreign currency exchange rates remained constant with those in the same period of 2024.  See Part I, Item 2, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further information regarding our non-GAAP financial measure of constant currency.
We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate fluctuations in forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent revenues from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures.  We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted foreign currency revenue and initially record the gains or losses on these derivative instruments as a component of AOCI and reclassify the amounts into “Revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings.  If the U.S dollar weakened by 10% as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately $1,908 million and $1,850 million lower, respectively.  This adverse change in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding favorable foreign currency change in the underlying forecasted revenues when recognized in earnings.
We enter into