reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
30
Table of Contents
Item 9B.
Other Information
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans
The adoption or termination of contracts, instructions or written plans for the purchase or sale of our securities by our Section 16 officers and directors for the three months ended December 31, 2024, each of which is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (“Rule 10b5-1 Plan”), were as follows:
Other than those disclosed above, none of our directors or officers
adopted
or
terminated
a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
31
Table of Contents
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information regarding our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the information contained under the sections “Proposal One: Election of Directors,” and “Code of Ethics” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
The Company has
adopted
an insider trading policy which governs transactions in our securities by the Company and its directors, officers, employees, consultants, and contractors and is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit