revenues, sales and marketing, and technology and development expenses, coupled with lower general and administrative expenses.
19
Table of Contents
Streaming Revenues
We primarily derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members.  We offer a variety of streaming membership plans, the price of which varies by country and the features of the plan.  As of December 31, 2024, pricing on our paid plans ranged from the U.S. dollar equivalent of $1 to $32 per month, and pricing on our extra member sub accounts ranged from the U.S. dollar equivalent of $2 to $8 per month.  We expect that from time to time the prices of our membership plans in each country may change and we may test other plan and price variations.
We also earn revenue from advertisements presented on our streaming service, consumer products, live events and various other sources.  Revenues earned from sources other than monthly membership fees were not a material component of streaming revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
Streaming revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 increased 16% as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to the growth in average paying memberships and price increases, partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates.
The following tables summarize streaming revenues and other streaming membership information by region for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.  Hedging gains of $124 million are included in “Streaming revenues” for the year ended December 31, 2024.  No hedging gains and losses were recognized as “Streaming revenues” in the comparative prior year periods.  See Note 7
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company’s derivative and non-derivative financial instruments.
United States and Canada (UCAN)
Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)
20
Table of Contents
Latin America (LATAM)
Asia-Pacific (APAC)
Cost of Revenues
Cost of revenues primarily consists of the amortization of content assets.  Other costs of revenues include expenses associated with the acquisition, licensing and production of content, streaming delivery costs, and other operating costs.
Expenses related to the acquisition, licensing and production of content not included in content amortization may include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other personnel-related expenses, costs associated with obtaining rights to music included in our content, overall deals with talent, miscellaneous production-related costs and participations and residuals.  Streaming delivery costs are primarily related to our global content delivery network (“Open Connect”).  We have built our own Open Connect network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet.  Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to