interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of personal information (of third parties, employees, and our members) and other data, confidential information or intellectual property.  We and many of the third parties we work with rely on open source software and libraries that are integrated into a variety of applications, tools and systems, which may increase our exposure to vulnerabilities. The addition of new features or upgrades also increases our exposure to vulnerabilities, and generative artificial intelligence could intensify these cybersecurity risks. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to induce employees, vendors, partners, or users to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to data.  Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including member and corporate information) or intellectual property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation.  We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent unauthorized access or address all cybersecurity incidents that occur. Because of our prominence, we (and/or third parties we use)  have been and may continue to be a particularly attractive target for such attacks, and from time to time, we have experienced unauthorized releases of certain digital content assets and unintended disclosure of personal information due to incidents related to third parties.  However, to date these unauthorized releases have not had a material impact on our service, systems or business.  There is no assurance that hackers may not have a material impact on our service or systems in the future.  We do not carry insurance to cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access.  Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to develop, implement and maintain.  These efforts require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated, and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering and systems.  Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business and results of operations.  Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We utilize our own