or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members may be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase.  Certain licenses for content provide for the studios or other content providers to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly.  Because of these provisions and other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice.  As competition increases, we see the cost of certain programming increase.  As we seek to differentiate our service, we are often focused on securing certain exclusive rights when obtaining content, including original content.  We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that delights our members in a cost efficient manner.  Within this context, we are selective about the titles we add and renew to our service.  If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our member acquisition and retention may be adversely affected.
Music and certain authors’ performances contained within content we distribute may require us to obtain licenses for such distribution.  In this regard, we engage in negotiations with collection management organizations (“CMOs”) and similar entities that hold certain rights to music and/or other interests in intellectual property (e.g., remuneration rights) in connection with streaming content into various territories.  If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with these organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which could adversely impact our business.  Additionally, pending and ongoing litigation and negotiations between certain CMOs and other third parties in various territories could adversely impact our negotiations with CMOs, or result in music publishers represented by certain CMOs unilaterally withdrawing rights, and thereby adversely impact our ability to reach licensing agreements reasonably acceptable to us.  Failure to reach such licensing agreements could expose us to potential liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs.  Additionally, as the market for the digital distribution of content grows, a broader role for CMOs in the remuneration of authors, performers and other beneficiaries of neighboring rights is likely to expose us to greater distribution expenses in certain markets.
If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected.
We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights.  We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through