that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the internet.  We have not searched for patents relative to our technology.  Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel.  It also may result in our inability to use our current technology and products, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products.  We may also have to remove content from our service, or remove consumer products or marketing materials from the marketplace.  As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our content, merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims.  These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us.
Risks Related to Information Technology
Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations.  These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, public health issues such as pandemics or epidemics, terrorist attacks, rogue employees, power loss, telecommunications failures, cybersecurity risks and incidents, and other interruptions beyond our control.  Interruptions in these systems, or with the internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver our service.  Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of computer systems or data used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our service to existing and potential members.
Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to constantly evolving cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, or insider threats, as well as misconfigurations in information systems, networks, software or hardware, and similar disruptions or errors.  These systems and those of third parties with which we do business have experienced and may continue to experience directed attacks intended to lead to