monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed in aggregate at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost.  To date, the Company has not identified any such event or changes in circumstances.  If such changes are identified in the future, these aggregated content assets will be stated at the lower of unamortized cost or fair value.  In addition, unamortized costs for assets that have been, or are expected to be, abandoned are written off.
Acquisitions
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to
30
years, or the expected lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable.
Trade Receivables
Trade receivables primarily consist of membership and advertising fees due to the Company.  The Company evaluates the need for an allowance for credit losses based on historical collection trends, the financial condition of its payment partners, and external market factors.
Revenue Recognition
The Company's primary source of revenues is from monthly membership fees.  Members are billed in advance of the start of their monthly membership and revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period.  Revenues are presented net of the taxes that
43
Table of Contents
are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities.  The Company is the principal in all its relationships where partners, including consumer electronics ("CE") manufacturers, multichannel video programming distributors ("MVPDs"), mobile operators and internet service providers ("ISPs"), provide access to the service as the Company retains control over service delivery to its members.  In circumstances in which the price that the member pays is established by a partner and there is no standalone price for the Netflix service (for instance, in a bundle), the net amount collected from the partner is recognized as revenue.
The Company also earns revenue from advertisements presented on its streaming service, consumer products, live events and various other sources.  Revenues earned from sources other than monthly membership fees were not a material component of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
See Note 2
Revenue Recognition
to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding revenues.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses