property, and we have experienced unauthorized releases of certain digital content assets and unintended disclosure of personal information due to incidents related to third parties.  However, to date these incidents have not had a material impact on our service, systems or business.
Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members and adversely affect our business and results of operation.  Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors - Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business."
The
Vice President of Security and Privacy Engineering
leads our global information security organization responsible for overseeing the Netflix information security program.
Our VP of Security and Privacy Engineering has over 30 years of industry experience, including serving in similar roles leading and overseeing cybersecurity programs at other public companies. Team members who support our information security program have relevant educational and industry experience, including holding similar positions at large technology companies.
The teams provide regular reports to senior management and other relevant teams on various cybersecurity threats, assessments and findings.
The
Board
oversees our annual enterprise risk assessment, where we assess key risks within the company, including security and technology risks and cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee of the Board oversees our cybersecurity risk and receives regular reports from our VP of Security and Privacy Engineering on various cybersecurity matters, including risk assessments, mitigation strategies, areas of emerging risks, incidents and industry trends, and other areas of importance.
15
Table of Contents
Item 2.
Properties
We have leased principal properties in both Los Gatos, California, which is the location of our corporate headquarters, and in Los Angeles, California.  In addition, we own and lease various office and production space throughout the world.
We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet current requirements, and that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any further physical expansion of operations and for any additional offices.
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
Information with respect to this