jurisdictions.  Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred taxes and other tax liabilities and receivables, and in evaluating our tax positions and other tax attributes on a worldwide basis.  We are subject to the periodic examination of our domestic and foreign tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service, state, local, and foreign tax authorities, some of whom are challenging our tax positions.  We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from these examinations in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities.  We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and may not accurately forecast actual tax audit outcomes.  If the ultimate determination of income and other tax liabilities differ from the amounts recorded or accrued, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Tax laws are regularly being re-examined and evaluated globally.  New laws and interpretations of the law are taken into account for financial statement purposes in the quarter or year that they become applicable.  Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies and we have tax audits pending in several jurisdictions.  The U.S. federal and state governments, countries in the EU, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if enacted, could increase our tax obligations in jurisdictions where we do business.  If U.S. or other  tax authorities change applicable tax laws or successfully challenge how or where our profits are currently recognized, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Risks Related to Human Resources
We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees, and the failure to maintain and improve our company culture may adversely affect our business.
We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters, members of our executive team and other key employees.  In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development, technical, creative and other personnel.  If we experience high executive turnover, fail to adapt our business practices to industry expectations, fail to maintain a positive reputation, fail to implement succession plans for key employees, encounter difficulties associated with the transition of members of our management team, are not successful in recruiting new personnel or in retaining and motivating existing personnel, in instilling our culture in new employees, or maintaining and improving our culture as we grow, our operations may