specific windows of availability.  Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense.  Payments for content, including additions to content assets and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within "Net cash provided by operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The Company recognizes content assets (licensed and produced) as “Content assets, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  For licensed content, the Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming.  For produced content, the Company capitalizes costs associated with the production, including development costs, direct costs and production overhead.
Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, the Company amortizes the content assets (licensed and produced) in “Cost of revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability or estimated period of use over
ten years
, beginning with the month of first availability.  The amortization is on an accelerated basis, as the Company typically expects more upfront viewing, and film amortization is more accelerated than TV series amortization.  On average, over
90
% of a licensed or produced content asset is expected to be amortized within
four years
after its month of first availability.  The Company reviews factors impacting the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis.  The Company's estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment.
In the normal course of business, the Company, or a third-party producing content on the Company's behalf, may qualify for tax incentives through eligible spend on productions. The accounting for tax incentives is dependent on the particular type of incentive, including the nature of the benefit and the location the incentive is earned. In general, tax incentives are realized as cash receipts and may be received prior to or after a title launches on the Company’s service. Upon a title’s launch, any amounts the Company is eligible for through qualified production spend but has not received, are recognized in “Other current assets” or “Other non-current assets” on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as receivables. Tax incentives are generally accounted for as a reduction to the cost basis of the Company’s content assets (presented in “Content assets, net”) and reduce content amortization over the life of the title (as presented in “Cost of revenues”) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The Company's business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level.  Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly