consist primarily of advertising expenses and certain payments made to marketing and advertising sales partners, including CE manufacturers, MVPDs, mobile operators and ISPs.  Sales and marketing expenses also include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for personnel that support the Company's advertising sales and marketing activities.  Marketing expenses are expensed as incurred and include promotional activities such as digital and television advertising.
Advertising expenses were $
1,779
million, $
1,732
million and $
1,586
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method.  Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain.  The Company accounts for the tax effects of global intangible low tax income as a current period expense.
The Company does not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes.  The Company may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement.  The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.
See Note 10
Income Taxes
to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
Foreign Currency
The functional currency for the Company's subsidiaries is determined based on the primary economic environment in which the subsidiary operates.  The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period.  Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period.  Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in "Accumulated other comprehensive income" in Stockholders’ equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities