disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has defined a company’s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company’s financial condition and results of operations, and which require a company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Content
We acquire, license and produce content, including original programming, in order to offer our members unlimited viewing of video entertainment.  The content licenses are for a fixed fee and specific windows of availability.  Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense.  Payments for content, including additions to content assets and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within "Net cash provided by operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "Content assets, net" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  For licensed content, we capitalize the fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming.  For produced content, we capitalize costs associated with the production, including development costs, direct costs and production overhead.
Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, we amortize the content assets (licensed and produced) in “Cost of revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability or estimated period of use or ten years, beginning with the month of first availability.  The amortization is on an accelerated basis, as we typically expect more upfront viewing, and film amortization is more accelerated than TV series amortization.  On average, over 90% of a licensed or produced content asset is expected to be amortized within four years after its month of first availability.  We review factors that impact the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis.  Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment.
In the normal course of business, we, or a third-party producing content on our behalf, may qualify for tax incentives through eligible spend on productions. The accounting for tax incentives is dependent on the particular type of incentive, including the nature of the benefit and the location the incentive is