payment of interchange and other fees.  To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to rules, regulations or industry standards concerning payments, loss of payment partners and/or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems, partner systems or payment products, including products we use to update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be adversely impacted.  In certain instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other partners to bill members on our behalf.  If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition members or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact member acquisition and retention.  In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our service.  If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may
6
Table of Contents
impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements.  The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.
If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses.
The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business.  As our service and others like us gain traction in international markets, governments are increasingly looking to introduce new or extend legacy regulations to these services, in particular those related to broadcast media and tax.  For example, European law enables individual member states to impose levies and other financial obligations on media operators that provide services in their jurisdiction. Several European Union (EU) Member States have and others may, over time, impose financial and regulatory obligations on us.  In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us.  Rules governing new technological developments, including generative artificial intelligence, are nascent and rapidly evolving such that the impact on areas related to our business remains uncertain.  For example, in Europe, the Digital Markets Act remains subject to non-compliance investigations, the