Multiemployer Benefit Plans
The Company contributes to various multiemployer defined pension plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees.  The risks of participating in multiemployer pension plans are different from single-employer plans such that (i) contributions made by the Company to the multiemployer pension plans may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers; (ii) if the Company chooses to stop participating in the multiemployer pension plans, it may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan; and (iii) if a company stops contributing to the multiemployer pension plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may become the obligation of the remaining participating employers.  The Company also contributes to various other multiemployer benefit plans that provide health and welfare benefits to both active and retired participants.  The Company does not participate in any multiemployer benefit plans that are individually significant to the Company.
The following table summarizes the Company's contributions to multiemployer pension and health plans for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively:
63
Table of Contents
12.
Segment and Geographic Information
The Company operates as
one
operating segment.  The Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") is its co-chief executive officers, who review financial information presented on a consolidated basis.  The CODM uses consolidated operating margin and net income to assess financial performance and allocate resources.  These financial metrics are used by the CODM to make key operating decisions, such as the determination of the rate at which the Company seeks to grow global operating margin and the allocation of budget between cost of revenues, sales and marketing, technology and development, and general and administrative expenses.
The following table presents selected financial information with respect to the Company’s single operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
(1) Includes interest income of $
294
million, $
281
million and $
60
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
See the consolidated financial statements for other financial information regarding the Company’s operating segment.
Total U.S. revenues were $
16.1
billion, $
13.8
billion and $
13.0
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  See Note 2
Revenue Recognition
for additional information about streaming revenue by region.
The Company's long-lived tangible assets, as well as the Company's operating lease right-of-use assets recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were located as follows:
64
Table of Contents
65
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT INDEX
66
Table of Contents
*   These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing