Accounting Policies
The accompanying interim consolidated financial statements of Netflix, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Company”) have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S.”) and are consistent in all material respects with those applied in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on January 27, 2025.
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.  Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization of content assets and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities.  The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.  On a regular basis, the Company evaluates the assumptions, judgments and estimates.  Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The interim financial information is unaudited, but reflects all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the information set forth herein.  The interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.  Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for a full year.
There have been no material changes in the Company’s significant accounting policies as compared to the significant accounting policies described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, which requires public entities, on an annual basis, to provide disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation table, as well as disclosure of income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction.  ASU 2023-09 is effective for the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-09.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
, requiring public entities to disclose additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements on an interim and annual basis.  ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning