our current and future members, our ability to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted. We may also seek to extend our business into new products and services to help drive growth.  For example, we continue to expand our offering of consumer products and live experiences. To the extent we cannot successfully find and develop new products, experiences and services to help drive growth, or we do not realize the expected benefits or generate additional revenue from such new products, experiences, and services, our future results of operations and growth may be adversely impacted.
We have and may, from time to time, adjust our membership pricing, our membership plans, or our pricing model itself, including for example, the lower-priced ad-supported subscription plan.  Similarly, we have increased enforcement of and will continue to enforce our terms of use to limit multi-household usage and shared viewing outside of a household. These and other adjustments we make may not be well-received by consumers, and could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain members, revenue and our results of operations. In addition, many of our members rejoin our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members.  If our efforts to satisfy our existing members or adjustments to our service are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected.
Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video could adversely impact our business.
The market for entertainment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change.  Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video.  The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-supported and piracy-based models.  All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the entertainment video market.  We face competition from traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers and platforms.  Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition, exclusive rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant
4
Table of Contents
financial, marketing and other resources.  They may offer more compelling content or secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and marketing.  New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video.  In addition, new technological developments, including the development and use of generative artificial intelligence, are rapidly evolving. If our