on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information.  Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website.
Overview
We are one of the world’s leading entertainment services offering TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages.  Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target.  We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members.  We aim to offer a range of pricing plans, including our ad-supported subscription plan, to meet a variety of consumer needs.  We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.
Results of Operations
The following represents our consolidated performance highlights
(1)
:
(1) We have discontinued the quarterly reporting of membership numbers, focusing instead on revenue and operating margin as the primary financial metrics that we believe best represent our business performance.  Therefore, effective in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, we are no longer reporting streaming membership metrics, including paid net membership additions (losses), paid memberships at end of period, average paying memberships or average monthly revenue per paying membership.
(2) See the
“Non-GAAP Constant Currency Information”
section below for additional details on our use of constant currency revenue.
Operating margin for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased approximately four percentage points as compared to the prior comparative period, primarily due to revenues growing at a faster rate as compared to the growth in cost of revenues, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses.
Net income for the three months ended March 31, 2025
increased $558 million as compared to the prior comparative period, primarily due to a $714 million increase in operating income, driven by a $1,172 million increase in revenues and partially offset by a $286 million increase in cost of revenues primarily due to the increase in content amortization. The impact of higher operating income was partially offset by a $130 million decrease in foreign exchange gains and losses and a $41 million increase in the provision for income taxes.
23
Table of Contents
Revenues
We primarily derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members.  We offer a variety of streaming membership plans, the price of which varies by country and the features of the plan.  As