functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries. These derivative instruments are not designated as hedging instruments and may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange movements. The gains or losses on derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments are recorded in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  Cash flows related to these derivative instruments are classified within "Net cash provided by operating activities" on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
See Note 7
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company’s derivative and non-derivative financial instruments.
Stock-Based Compensation
The Company grants non-qualified stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. For certain executive officers, the Company grants restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs"). Stock-based compensation expense is based on the fair value of the stock awards at the grant date and is recognized, net of forfeitures, over the requisite service period.
See Note 9
Stockholders' Equity
to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation.
2.
Revenue Recognition
The following tables summarize streaming revenues, paid net membership additions (losses), and ending paid memberships by region for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  Hedging gains of $
124
million are included in “Streaming revenues” for the
45
Table of Contents
year ended December 31, 2024.
No
hedging gains and losses were recognized as “Streaming revenues” in the comparative prior year periods.  See Note 7
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
for further information.
United States and Canada (UCAN)
Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)
Latin America (LATAM)
Asia-Pacific (APAC)
(1) A paid membership (also referred to as a paid subscription) is defined as a membership that has the right to receive Netflix service following sign-up and a method of payment being provided, and that is not part of a free trial or certain other promotions that may be offered by the Company to new or rejoining members. Certain members have the option to add extra member sub accounts. These extra member sub accounts are not included in paid memberships. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations generally become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period. Involuntary cancellations, as a result of a failed method of payment, become effective immediately. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign-up as determined by the Company’s internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology.
46
Table of Contents
Deferred