(losses) on the Company’s cash flow hedges, fair value hedges, and net investment hedges recognized in AOCI were as follows:
The gains (losses) on hedged items and derivative instruments recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations were as follows:
16
Table of Contents
8.
Commitments and Contingencies
Content
As of March 31, 2025, the Company had $
21.8
billion of obligations comprised of $
4.1
billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $
1.7
billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $
16.0
billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not yet meet the criteria for recognition.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had $
23.2
billion of obligations comprised of $
4.4
billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $
1.8
billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $
17.0
billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not yet meet the criteria for recognition.
The expected timing of payments for these content obligations is as follows:
Content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of content.  Obligations that are in non-U.S. dollar currencies are translated to the U.S. dollar at period end rates.  An obligation for the production of content includes non-cancelable commitments under creative talent and employment agreements as well as other production related commitments.  An obligation for the acquisition and licensing of content is incurred at the time the Company enters into an agreement to obtain future titles.  Once a title becomes available, a content liability is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and/or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date.  Traditional film output deals, or certain TV series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of such license agreements.  The Company does not include any estimated obligation for these future titles beyond the known minimum amount.  However, the unknown obligations are expected to be significant.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement.  Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations.
17
Table of Contents
Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold.  The Company expenses legal fees as incurred.  The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount