Contents
NETFLIX, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
39
Table of Contents
NETFLIX, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except share and per share data)
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
40
Table of Contents
NETFLIX, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(in thousands, except share data)
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
41
Table of Contents
NETFLIX, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1.
Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998.  The Company is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with approximately
302
million paid memberships in over
190
countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages.  Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.  Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the content asset amortization policy and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities.  The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.  On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates these assumptions, judgments and estimates.  Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, which requires public entities, on an annual basis, to provide disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation, as well as disclosure of income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction.  ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-09.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40):