after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2024-03.
2.
Revenue Recognition
The following table summarizes revenues by region for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.  Hedging gains (losses) of $
165
million and $(
11
) million are included in revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.  See Note 7
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
for further information.
Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed that have not been recognized, as well as gift cards and other prepaid memberships that have not been fully redeemed.  As of March 31, 2025, total deferred revenue was $
1,610
million, the vast majority of which was related to membership fees billed that are expected to be recognized as revenue within the next month.  The remaining deferred revenue balance, which is related to gift cards and other prepaid memberships, will be recognized as revenue over the period of service after redemption, which is expected to occur over the next 12 months.  Deferred revenue increased $
89
million from $
1,521
million as of December 31, 2024 to $
1,610
8
Table of Contents
million as of March 31, 2025.  Deferred revenue balances may fluctuate due to the number of paid memberships and the price of our memberships.
3.
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period.  Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential outstanding shares of common stock during the period.  Potential shares of common stock are calculated using the treasury-stock method and consist of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options and vesting of time-based and performance-based restricted stock units.
The computation of earnings per share is as follows:
The following table summarizes the potential shares of common stock excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive:
9
Table of Contents
4.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Short-term Investments
The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale (“AFS”).  The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future.  The Company’s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return.  From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price.
The following tables summarize the Company's cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
(1)