derivative and non-derivative instruments to manage foreign exchange risk related to its ongoing business operations with the primary objective of reducing earnings and cash flow volatility associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
Notional Amount of Derivative Contracts
The net notional amounts of the Company’s outstanding derivative instruments were as follows:
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, approximately $
1.1
billion and $
1.0
billion, respectively, of the Company’s euro–denominated Senior Notes were designated as hedges of the foreign exchange risk of the Company’s net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the carrying amount of the Company's euro-denominated Senior Notes (included in "Long-term debt" on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets), which were designated as the hedged items in fair value hedges, was approximately $
3.7
billion and $
3.6
billion, respectively.
Note 6
Debt
for further information on the Company’s debt obligations.
Fair Value of Derivative Contracts
The fair value of the Company’s outstanding derivative instruments was as follows:
14
Table of Contents
The Company classifies derivative instruments in the Level 2 category within the fair value hierarchy.  These instruments are valued using industry standard valuation models that use observable inputs such as interest rate yield curves, and forward and spot prices for currencies.
As of March 31, 2025, the pre-tax net accumulated gain on our foreign currency cash flow hedges included in AOCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets expected to be recognized in earnings within the next 12 months is $
186
million.
Master Netting Agreements
In order to mitigate counterparty credit risk, the Company enters into master netting agreements with its counterparties for its foreign currency exchange contracts which permit the parties to settle amounts on a net basis under certain conditions.  The Company has elected to present its derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis on its Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Company also enters into collateral security arrangements with its counterparties that require the parties to post cash collateral when certain contractual thresholds are met.  Cash collateral received is presented in “Accrued expenses and other liabilities” representing the Company’s obligation to return counterparty cash collateral.  Cash collateral posted is presented in “Other current assets,” representing the Company’s right to reclaim the cash collateral.  The Company does not offset the fair value of its derivative instruments against the fair value of cash collateral posted or received.
The potential offsetting effect to the Company’s derivative assets and liabilities under its master netting agreements and collateral security agreements were as follows:
15
Table of Contents
Effect of Derivative and Non-Derivative Instruments on Consolidated Financial Statements
The pre-tax gains