other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur or allow certain liens, and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's and its subsidiaries assets, to another person.  Certain of the Notes additionally limit the ability to enter into sale and lease-back transactions and create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of certain of the Company's subsidiaries.  As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all related covenants.
Revolving Credit Facility
52
Table of Contents
On April 12, 2024, the Company entered into a
five-year
, $
3
billion unsecured revolving credit facility that matures on April 12, 2029 (the “Revolving Credit Agreement”), to replace its previous $
1
billion unsecured revolving credit facility.  As of December 31, 2024,
no
amounts have been borrowed under the Revolving Credit Agreement.
The borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company’s option, of either (i) a floating rate per annum equal to a base rate (the “Alternate Base Rate”) plus an applicable margin or (ii) a per annum rate equal to an adjusted term SOFR rate (the “Adjusted Term SOFR Rate”) plus an applicable margin.  The applicable margin for Alternate Base Rate loans will range from
0.00
% to
0.25
%, and the applicable margin for Adjusted Term SOFR Rate loans will range from
0.75
% to
1.25
%, each based on the Company’s credit ratings.
The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants and negative covenants (and customary baskets and exceptions with respect thereto) for a credit facility of this size and type and requires the Company to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense of
3.0
to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter.  As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all related covenants and ratios.
7.
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
The Company uses derivative and non-derivative instruments to manage foreign exchange risk related to its ongoing business operations with the primary objective of reducing earnings and cash flow volatility associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  The Company did not use any derivative instruments prior to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
Notional Amount of Derivative Contracts
The net notional amounts of the Company’s outstanding derivative instruments were as follows:
As of December 31, 2024, approximately $
1.0
billion of the Company’s euro–denominated Senior Notes was designated as a hedge of the foreign exchange risk of the Company’s net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries.
No
amounts were designated as net investment hedges as of December 31, 2023.
As of December 31, 2024, the carrying amount of the Company's euro-denominated Senior Notes (included in "Long-term debt" on the Company's Consolidated