service conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For stock options and RSUs with service, performance and market conditions (performance-based RSUs (“PRSUs”)), expenses are recognized on a graded vesting basis over the requisite service period and for awards with performance conditions, when it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The probability of achievement is assessed periodically to determine whether the performance metric continues to be probable. When there is a change in the probability of achievement, any cumulative effect of the change is recognized in the period of the change and the remaining unrecognized compensation will be amortized prospectively over the respective vesting period. We recognize compensation expense related to shares issued pursuant to the employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”) on a straight-line basis over the
six-month
offering period. We recognize compensation expense net of estimated forfeiture activity. Amounts withheld related to the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements paid by us on behalf of our employees are recorded as a liability and a reduction to additional paid-in capital when paid and are included as a reduction of cash flows from financing activities.
We estimate the fair value of stock options with only service conditions and shares issued pursuant to the ESPP using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and the fair value of RSU awards (including PRSUs) using the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. For stock options and PRSUs with service, performance and market conditions, we estimate the fair value of the options granted and the corresponding derived service periods using the Monte Carlo simulation, which requires the use of various assumptions, including the stock price volatility and risk-free interest rate as of the valuation date corresponding to the length of time remaining in the performance period.
Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers
Financial instruments potentially exposing us to credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, derivative contracts, investments and accounts receivable. We hold cash at financial institutions that management believes are high credit quality financial institutions and invest in investment-grade debt securities. Our derivative contracts expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the arrangement. We mitigate this credit risk by transacting with major financial institutions with high credit ratings and entering into master netting arrangements, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. We are not required to pledge, and are not entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative instruments.
66
Table of Contents
Credit risk arising from accounts receivable is mitigated to a certain extent due to our large number of customers and their dispersion across