services. In addition, we have entered into a non-cancellable agreement with an information technology equipment provider, under which we have committed to spend $
1.9
billion through 2028 on capital expenditures to expand our data centers. The unutilized amounts are included within the table above.
In addition to the amounts above, the repayment of our 2030 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $
1.5
billion is due on September 1, 2030. Refer to Note 11 for further information regarding our 2030 Notes.
Legal Proceedings
We are party to certain litigation and other legal proceedings. While legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to uncertainties, we do not believe the ultimate resolution of any such proceedings is likely to result in a material loss. We accrue for loss contingencies when it is both probable that we will incur the loss and when we can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss or range of loss.
On July 5, 2022, InQuisient Inc. (“Plaintiff”) filed a complaint against ServiceNow, Inc. in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging the Now Platform’s use of relational databases infringes three of Plaintiff’s patents and seeking injunctive relief and unspecified damages. The Company denied Plaintiff’s allegations and asserted Plaintiff’s patents were, among other things, invalid, not infringed and otherwise unenforceable. In December 2024, the parties entered into a confidential settlement agreement resolving the matter for an immaterial amount.
Any adverse determination related to intellectual property claims or other litigation could prevent us from offering our services and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For additional information regarding intellectual property litigation, see “Risk Factors—We may not be able to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights.”
Other
As previously disclosed, through its internal processes, the Company received a complaint that raised potential compliance issues related to one of its government contracts. The Company initiated an internal investigation, with the assistance of outside legal counsel, into the validity of these claims that concern the hiring of the Chief Information Officer of the U.S. Army as the Company’s Head of Global Public Sector in March 2023. As a result of the investigation, the Company’s board of directors determined that the Company’s President and Chief Operating Officer and the hired individual violated Company policy regarding a possible conflict relating to such individual’s hiring. On July 24, 2024, the Company and its President and Chief Operating Officer came to a mutual agreement that he would resign from all positions
85
Table of Contents
with the Company, effective immediately. The other individual also has departed the Company. The Company has informed the Department of Justice, the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General and the Army Suspension and Debarment Office of