allocate the acquisition purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of these assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Allocation of the purchase price requires significant estimates in determining the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets. Critical estimates include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows, discount rates, revenue growth rates, the time and expense to recreate the assets and profit margin a market participant would receive. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, which may not be later than one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill.
65
Table of Contents
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment at least annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. A qualitative assessment is performed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill, is compared to fair value and goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Any excess of the carrying value of the goodwill above its fair value is recognized as an impairment loss.
Intangible assets consist of developed technologies and other intangible assets, including patents and contractual agreements. Intangible assets are amortized over the period of estimated benefit using the straight-line method and estimated useful lives ranging from
three
to
twelve years
.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
We evaluate long-lived assets, including purchased intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount to the future undiscounted cash flows we expect the asset to generate. Any excess of the carrying value of the asset above its fair value is recognized as an impairment loss.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs, excluding costs related to our annual Knowledge user conference and other user forums, are expensed as incurred and are included in sales and marketing expense.
These costs for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were $
295
million, $
221
million and $
201
million, respectively.
Stock-based Compensation
We recognize compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) with only