that will need to be addressed in alignment with various deadlines in the coming years. These and other laws or regulations may cause us to modify our data handling and compliance practices, which could be costly or disruptive to our operations, and may also impact our ability to use certain data to support our products or our product development efforts or hinder our customers’ ability to adopt or continue to use our products.
We may face new or heightened legal, ethical and other challenges arising out of the perceived or actual impact of AI on human rights, intellectual property, privacy and employment, among other areas. For example, our use of AI could lead to copyright infringement or other intellectual property claims, potentially requiring us to pay compensation or licensing fees to third parties. Additionally, social and ethical concerns surrounding the use of AI in our offerings could harm our brand and may cause us to incur additional costs. Failure by us or others in our industry to adequately address these concerns could erode public confidence in AI and slow adoption of AI in our products.
We rely on our network of partners for an increasing portion of our revenues, and if these partners fail to perform, our business may be harmed.
An increasing portion of our revenues is generated by sales through our network of partners, including resellers, distributors and managed service providers. Increasingly, we and our customers rely on our partners to provide professional services, including custom implementations, and there may be insufficient qualified implementation partners available to meet customer demand. While we provide our partners with training and programs, including accreditations and certifications, these programs may not be effective or utilized consistently by partners. In addition, new partners may require extensive training and/or significant time and resources to become productive. Additionally, our relationships with partners may require us, along with our partners, to comply with complex regulations, contractual requirements and government procurement rules. Failure to adhere to these requirements could result in the loss of business opportunities, potential liabilities or penalties. For example, our partners could misrepresent to our customers the functionality of our platform or products, fail to perform services to our customers’ expectations, or violate laws or our corporate policies. Further, changes to our direct go-to-market models may cause friction with our partners. Our partners may also use our platform to develop products and services that compete with our products and services, which could raise IP ownership concerns and strain these partnerships. If we fail to effectively manage and grow our network of partners, our ability to sell our products and efficiently provide our services may be impacted and our business may be harmed.
17
Table of Contents
Doing business with the public sector and heavily-