accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) and include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Such management estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, standalone selling price (“SSP”) for each distinct performance obligation included in customer contracts with multiple performance obligations, the period of benefit for deferred commissions, valuation of intangible assets, the useful life of property and equipment and identifiable intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
In January 2024, we completed an assessment of the useful life of our data center equipment and determined we should increase the estimated useful life of data center equipment from
four
to
five years
. This change in accounting estimate was effective beginning fiscal year 2024. Based on the carrying amount of data center equipment included in property and equipment, net as of December 31, 2023, the effect of this change in estimate for the year ended December 31, 2024, was a reduction in depreciation expense of $
101
million and an increase in net income of $
81
million, or $
0.39
per share basic and $
0.39
per share diluted.
Segments
Our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), the Chief Executive Officer, manages the Company’s business activities as a single operating and reportable segment at the consolidated level. Accordingly, our CODM uses consolidated net income to measure segment profit or loss, allocate resources and assess performance. Further, the CODM reviews and utilizes functional expenses (cost of revenues, sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative) at the consolidated level to manage the Company’s operations. Other segment items included in consolidated net income are interest income, other expense, net and the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, which are reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
61
Table of Contents
Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions
The functional currency for most of our foreign subsidiaries is their respective local currency. Assets and liabilities of the wholly-owned non-U.S. Dollar functional currency subsidiaries are translated into U.S. Dollars at exchange rates in effect at each period end. Amounts classified in stockholders’ equity are