43
million and $
39
million of stock-based compensation expense, net of actual and estimated forfeitures, associated with PRSUs on a graded vesting basis during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
As of March 31, 2025, total unrecognized compensation cost, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to unvested RSUs was $
4.1
billion, and the weighted-average remaining vesting period was approximately
three years
.
(14)
Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, adjusted for the effects of dilutive shares of common stock, which are comprised of outstanding stock options, RSUs and ESPP obligations. Stock awards with performance or market conditions are included in dilutive shares to the extent all conditions are met. The potentially dilutive shares of common stock are computed using the treasury stock method or the as-if converted method, as applicable. The effects of outstanding stock options, RSUs and ESPP obligations are excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share in periods in which the effect would be antidilutive.
16
Table of Contents
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders (in millions, except for number of shares reflected in thousands and per share data):
(15)
Provision for Income Taxes
We compute our provision for income taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date income from recurring operations and adjust the provision for discrete tax items recorded in the period.
Our income tax provision was $
95
million and $
78
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The income tax provision was primarily attributable to the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, offset by excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation.
We are subject to taxation in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. As of March 31, 2025, our tax years 2004 to 2024 remain subject to examination in most jurisdictions.
Due to differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations, tax authorities may dispute our tax filing positions. We periodically evaluate our exposures associated with our tax filing positions and believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for adjustments that may result from tax examinations.
(16)
Commitments and Contingencies
Operating Leases
For some of our offices and data centers, we have entered into non-cancellable operating lease agreements with various expiration dates through 2035. Certain lease agreements include options to renew or