reliance on third-party providers and public cloud infrastructure introduces new cybersecurity risks to our business operations.
Third-party security incidents have occurred in the past and are likely to continue, as we rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate business systems in a variety of contexts. S
upply chain attacks have also increased in frequency and severity. We cannot guarantee that our third-party service providers or our supply chain infrastructure have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our platform, systems and network or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our business. Our ability to monitor the data security measures of our third-party providers is limited, and we necessarily depend in part on our providers to have in place and maintain adequate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, cyberattacks and the mishandling of data. Further, employee error or malfeasance in configuring, maintaining and using these services could impact our ability to monitor and secure them effectively.
We have identified vulnerabilities in our products and services in the past and expect to continue to do so in the future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to identify all vulnerabilities or address the vulnerabilities of which we become aware. There have been delays and may continue to be delays in developing patches that can be effectively deployed to address vulnerabilities. Further, security researchers and other individuals have in the past actively searched for, published and/or exploited actual and potential vulnerabilities in our products or services and will likely continue to do so in the future. Also, certain persons, including researchers, have in the past not abided by, and may in the future not abide by, our responsible disclosure program, which has resulted in, and could in the future result in the compromise of our systems or our or our customers’ data. Moreover, the incorporation of third-party or open-source software code into our or our customers’ systems increases the risk of exploitation of vulnerabilities. We also have inherited and may in the future inherit additional security risks from acquiring or partnering with other companies.
In most instances, our customers are responsible for administering access to the data held in their particular instance for their employees and service providers. While our software is delivered with certain preset configurations, we
20
Table of Contents
understand that our customers require flexibility to configure the Now Platform to their specific business needs. We work closely with our customers to help them evaluate their security configurations, including providing guidance to align configuration settings with their business needs. Yet, in configuring our platform, both our employees and customers have made errors in the past