third-party data centers operated by several different providers located around the world, and we serve certain of our customers using data center facilities operated by public cloud service providers. These data centers are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, power failures and similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct, equipment failure and adverse events caused by operator error or negligence. In addition, an increased use of the public cloud increases our vulnerability to cyberattacks. Despite precautions taken at these centers, problems at these centers have occurred, resulting in interruptions in our services. Such problems could occur again and result in similar or lengthier service interruptions and the loss of customer data. In addition, our customers may use our services in ways that cause disruptions in service for other customers. In addition to data center providers, we also have a large ecosystem of vendors and service providers that we use for our products. If there is a compromise to data, supply chain issue or other incident with our critical service providers, it may impact our ability to provide our services and reduce our productivity. Our customers use our services to manage important aspects of their businesses, and our reputation and business will be adversely affected if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. Disruptions or defects in our services may reduce our revenues, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, subject us to claims and litigation, cause our customers to delay payment or terminate or fail to renew their subscriptions, and adversely affect our ability to attract new customers. Similarly, customers may have unique requirements for system resiliency and performance depending on their business models and customers in highly regulated markets may have more demanding requirements that we may not be able to, or may not choose to, meet. The occurrence of payment delays, service credit, warranty or termination for material breach or other claims against us could result in an increase in our bad debt expense, an increase in collection cycles, an increase to our service level credit accruals, other increased expenses or risks of litigation. We may not have insurance sufficient to compensate us for potentially significant losses that may result from claims arising from disruptions to our services.
Delays in improving our information systems and processes could interfere with our ability to support our existing and growing customer and employee base as we scale.
We rely on our information systems and those of third parties to operate and scale our business. As the information we rely on for our business evolves, including as a result of implementing AI technologies, our information systems, including their infrastructure needs, network capacity and computing