the IT needs of the business enterprise. Our Customer and Industry Workflows help organizations reimagine their customer experience by empowering their customers with personalized self-service and providing organizations with greater ability to anticipate their customer needs by providing real-time insights. Our Employee Workflows help customers simplify how their employees access services they need, creating a consumer-like experience. Our Creator Workflows enable customers to automate processes by quickly creating their own custom workflows on the Now Platform.
Artificial Intelligence (“AI”), particularly Generative AI (“GenAI”) and agentic AI, is driving a new wave of technology transformation. We are an early leader in applying AI to enterprise workflows and are working to remain at the forefront of AI as we continue to execute our product roadmap. As an AI platform for business transformation, the Now Platform has embedded Now Assist, our AI solution available for certain products at an additional cost, to help enhance user productivity and efficiency, thereby accelerating our customers’ return on investment in the Now Platform. For example, with Now Assist, customer service agents can solve customers’ problems quickly with AI-produced case summaries and next step suggestions; employees can obtain faster and more accurate answers using AI-powered self-service, increasing their productivity and engagement; customers can receive enhanced self-service options and improved experiences from live support agents; and developers can generate code and create apps, saving time to focus on more complex matters. We believe that with Now Assist, even customers with limited technical background can leverage AI to meaningfully contribute to their businesses’ digital transformation. Our customers have given us feedback that these enhanced products significantly improve the efficiency and fidelity of their workflows.
Agentic AI, the next evolution of GenAI, involves AI agents that act and interact in smart and autonomous ways with humans providing oversight and guardrails. With agentic AI, humans can be supported by multiple AI agents trained to perform specific tasks, rather than, for example, a single AI assistant or chatbot relying on a human’s specific prompts or queries. Agentic AI is available to our customers as a Now Assist feature, where they can easily create agentic skills tailored to their unique needs. AI agents can use these skills to work together with humans to help augment and accelerate workflow outcomes by performing and completing actions on the human’s behalf.
1
Table of Contents
The Now Platform, utilized by over 85% of the Fortune 500 and nearly 60% of the Global 2000, is a platform of consequence that puts AI to work for people, delivering tangible results while upholding a trustworthy, human‑centered approach to deploying products and services at scale. Many of our customers recognize the advantages of the Now Platform and have