power, may need to expand. We have made and continue to make investments to improve our information systems to support the needs of our growing customer and employee base, increase productivity, develop and enhance our services, expand into new geographic areas, and scale with
22
Table of Contents
our overall growth. Such improvements are often complex, costly, and time consuming. If implementation of these improvements is delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems when migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. This might lead to disruptions to our operations, loss of customers, loss of revenue, or damage to our reputation, all of which could harm our business plan to successfully scale our operations and enhance productivity.
We may not be able to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights.
Our success depends significantly on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand under patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other IP protections in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. The IP protection we have for our technology may be insufficient, and any IP acquired in the future may not provide competitive advantages or other value. In addition, our IP may be contested, circumvented, found unenforceable or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon them. Further, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of IP rights vary.
Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, policing unauthorized use of our IP and technology is difficult, and we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our IP rights. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or obtain and use, or may have copied or obtained and used, our technology to develop products and services that provide features and functionality similar to ours. Our competitors could also independently develop services equivalent to ours, and our IP rights may not be broad enough for us to prevent competitors from utilizing their developments to compete with us. Reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our proprietary technology could enable third parties to benefit from our technology without paying us for it. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. However, we may be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our IP rights or are required to incur substantial costs defending our IP rights.
Third parties may challenge or invalidate our IP rights through administrative proceedings, litigation or allowing contractual rights to expire. There is considerable patent and other IP development activity and claims and related litigation regarding patent