for customers impacted by new and evolving data residency requirements. To the extent future acquisitions are consummated, our cost of subscription revenues may increase due to additional non-cash charges associated with the amortization of intangible assets acquired.
Our subscription gross profit percentage was 82% for each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. We expect our subscription gross profit percentage to decrease slightly for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31, 2024.
Cost of professional services and other revenues increased by $30 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in partner ecosystem investments to further accelerate customer value realization, partially offset by a decrease in fixed personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, due to decreased internal headcount.
Our professional services and other gross loss percentage improved to 2% for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to 8% in the prior year, primarily due to an increase in revenue and a decrease in fixed personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, as we execute our strategy to shift a portion of professional services to variable spending with strategic third-party partners. We expect our professional services and other gross loss percentage to increase for the year ending December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31, 2024.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $553 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased headcount resulting in an increase in personnel-related costs including stock-based compensation and overhead expenses of $330 million, compared to the prior year. Amortization expenses associated with deferred commissions increased by $90 million, compared to the prior year, due to an increase in contracts with new customers, expansion and renewal contracts. Other sales and marketing program expenses, which include branding, costs associated with purchasing advertising, marketing events and market data, increased by $95 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased program costs and travel for our annual Sales Kickoff and Knowledge user conference.
We expect sales and marketing expenses for the year ending December 31, 2025 to increase in absolute dollars and to decrease slightly as a percentage of revenue compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, as we continue to see leverage from increased sales productivity and marketing efficiencies.
46
Table of Contents
Research and Development
Research and development expenses (“R&D”) increased by $419 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased headcount resulting in an increase in personnel-related costs including stock-based compensation and overhead expenses of $350 million compared to prior year.