the enterprise. With our recent software releases, we have combined the power of the Now Platform with new GenAI and agentic AI features, offered through Now Assist, to provide intelligent workflows throughout our customers’ businesses. Customers have the flexibility to tailor their AI transformation to their unique needs and expand the value of their workflows by using ServiceNow’s large language models (“LLMs”), which include models that can process different types of data, such as text, images, audio and video, and they can incorporate third-party LLMs and their own LLMs. We regularly test these models on platform-representative data to give customers confidence that the models deliver optimal performance for their intended use cases on the Now Platform. We also provide AI governance tools, including built-in monitoring and guardrails, dataset creation management and benchmarking capabilities, and visibility into adoption, usage and performance analytics. These tools are designed to allow customers to securely and responsibly build, test and deploy new use cases and applications leveraging these models. With a single data model and integrated data layer, the Now Platform enables customers to operationalize their AI strategy and transform their business with speed, scale and security. This flexibility helps create more intuitive, efficient and seamless workflows aligned to our customers’ needs. In addition to AI, business process automation on the Now Platform can be further enhanced by other functionality, including machine learning, robotic process automation, process mining, analytics and low-code/no-code development tools.
Technology Workflows
Technology Workflows enable IT departments to serve their customers, manage their IT infrastructure, identify and remediate security vulnerabilities and threats, gain visibility across their IT resources and asset lifecycles, optimize IT costs and reduce time spent on administrative tasks. Our Technology products help companies unite IT, technology, risk management and security operations on a single platform to deliver modern and resilient digital services aligned to our customers’ priorities. These products also drive enterprise-wide outcomes, as well as power our Customer and Industry and Employee Workflows.
Asset Management
Our Asset Management product suite includes IT Asset Management and Enterprise Asset Management. IT Asset Management inventories and automates customers’ software, hardware and cloud asset lifecycles with workflows and analytics to track the financial, contractual and inventory details of these IT assets from end-to-end. Enterprise Asset Management inventories and automates processes across the lifecycle of a customer’s physical business assets from planning, deployment, inventory management and maintenance through retirement.
Integrated Risk Management
Our Integrated Risk Management (“IRM”) product capabilities include policy and compliance management, regulatory change