processes, and technical AI, industry, professional and leadership programs. SNU empowers employees, customers, partners and future talent with advanced skills. SNU combines education and experience, leveraging the Now Platform to fuel continuous growth in talent.
Total Rewards and Pay Equity
Our total rewards are designed to help us attract and retain the best talent. We believe that our rewards should be competitive and equitable, and we are committed to recognizing exceptional performance. In support of this, all our employees are eligible to participate in our annual cash bonus plan or, for those in quota-carrying roles, our sales commission plan, in addition to their base pay. We also have a broad-based discretionary equity incentive program and an employee stock purchase plan, which enable employees to share in our success.
We understand that our employees perform their best when they have the resources they need to feel healthy, supported and secure. To support this, we offer a comprehensive range of benefits and wellbeing programs that cover physical, emotional, social and financial wellbeing. Additionally, we provide our employees with additional time away through “Wellbeing Days” to pause, recharge and further support their health and wellbeing.
We continue to maintain systematic gender pay equity for our employees across the globe and, in the U.S., on the basis of race, ethnicity, as well as gender. Every year, we partner with an independent third-party expert to examine whether any statistically significant differences in compensation exist after considering factors such as experience, role, location and performance and make adjustments, as warranted.
12
Table of Contents
Ways of Working
While we value in-person activities, we are committed to embracing ways of working that promote flexibility and inclusion, support employee wellbeing and drive innovation. A substantial portion of our employees work partially or fully remote. We believe such an environment will only serve to strengthen our company.
Workforce Metrics
As of December 31, 2024, we employed 26,293 people on a full-time basis, 13,193 in the United States and 13,100 internationally. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. Employees in certain countries are represented by workers’ councils or employee representatives or have the benefits of collective bargaining arrangements at the national and/or sector level. We have not experienced interruptions of operations or work stoppages due to labor disagreements.
Available Information
You can obtain copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the SEC, and all amendments to these filings, free of charge from our website at www.servicenow.com/company/investor-relations/sec-filings.html as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and