security programs or practices, it could still cause us reputational harm and require us to undertake significant efforts to assess and respond to the breach, including further protecting our customers from their own vulnerabilities. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our subscription agreements, terms of use or other agreements would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. In addition, while we maintain insurance coverage to cover potential financial losses, we cannot be certain that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts to cover potential financial losses from a security incident or that an insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim.
We may lose key members of our management team or qualified employees or may not be able to attract and retain the employees we need.
There is increasingly intense competition for talent in the technology industry. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our management team, particularly our chief executive officer, chief operating officer and the other members of our executive staff. From time to time in the ordinary course of business, there have been and may continue to be changes in our management team. While we seek to manage these transitions carefully, such changes may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and negatively affect our business.
In the highly competitive technology industry, we face ongoing challenges in attracting and retaining top talent across various roles, such as product development and engineering (particularly with AI and machine learning backgrounds), sales, operations and cybersecurity. These key individual contributors are critical to our success, can command very significant compensation in the market and are actively recruited by our key competitors. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth may depend on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient qualified personnel to support our growth. We have faced and may continue to face difficulties attracting, hiring and retaining highly-skilled, qualified personnel and may not be able to fill positions in desired geographic areas or at all. Further, as we continue to grow and expand our workforce globally, we may face operational and workplace culture challenges that could negatively impact our ability to maintain the effectiveness of our business execution and the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. While our work model, where a substantial portion of our employees work partially or fully remote, increased our access to talent, we may not be able to take advantage of a broader talent pool if our competitors offer the same work model or if we continue to rely on our primary operating locations for talent. We are continually evaluating and, as appropriate, enhancing the attractiveness