Table of Contents
The effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate applied to the income before income taxes due to the following (in millions):
Significant components of our deferred tax assets are shown below (in millions). A valuation allowance has been recognized to offset our deferred tax assets, as necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on evidence, are not expected to be realized.
As of December 31, 2024, we had no unremitted earnings when evaluating our outside basis difference relating to our U.S. investment in foreign subsidiaries. However, there could be local withholding taxes due to various foreign countries and/or U.S. state taxes if certain lower tier earnings are distributed. During 2024, a decision was made to change our indefinite reinvestment assertion such that we no longer permanently reinvest all foreign earnings. Foreign withholding taxes after U.S. foreign tax credit and/or state taxes that would be payable upon remittance of these lower tier earnings are currently estimated to be immaterial.
82
Table of Contents
As of December 31, 2024, we had U.S. federal net operating loss and federal tax credit carryforwards of $
46
million and $
376
million, respectively, as reported on our tax returns. The federal tax credits will begin to expire in 2039 if not utilized. In addition, as of December 31, 2024, we had state net operating loss and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately $
0.8
billion and $
313
million, respectively, as reported on our tax returns. The state net operating loss will begin to expire in 2032 if not utilized. State tax credits and a portion of the federal net operating loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. Utilization of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be subject to annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization.
As of December 31, 2024, we had Canada net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards of $
150
million and $
12
million, respectively, as reported on our tax returns. The Canada net operating loss and tax credits will begin to expire in 2039 and 2037, respectively, if not utilized. In addition, as of December 31, 2024, we had United Kingdom net operating loss carryforwards of $
147
million, as reported on our tax returns. The United Kingdom net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely.
The increase in the 2024 valuation allowance of $
24
million was primarily attributable to California tax credit generation. The decrease in the 2023 valuation allowance of $
1.03
billion was primarily attributable to the $
1.05
billion release of certain U.S. federal and state valuation allowances offset by approximately a $
20
million increase in the California valuation allowance.
The income tax benefit