customers to troubleshoot common issues, empower agents with access to comprehensive customer data for efficient problem-solving and facilitate timely follow-ups to ensure quick resolution. As a result, organizations can shorten resolution times and increase customer satisfaction—all while reducing costs.
Now Assist for CSM, our AI solution, rapidly generates summaries for cases and chats, reduces manual work and allows agents to resolve customer issues faster. This solution helps accelerate time to resolution, reduce case volume and personalize service, which reduces the effort required by customers.
Field Service Management
Our Field Service Management (“FSM”) product provides work planning, scheduling, resource management and job execution capabilities all in one, which allows field service agents to be assigned and dispatched on the same underlying customer service management platform that created and managed the customer incident. It streamlines field service processes with automation to increase technician productivity, improve first time fix rates and optimize scheduling and dispatching. Organizations can use data-driven insights to enhance operations, identify trends and remove service bottlenecks to maximize efficiency and effectiveness, while also creating great customer and employee experiences.
Now Assist for FSM, our AI solution, helps customers quickly summarize key takeaways for pre-work triage and job completion, minimizing time spent searching through conversation histories. It accelerates productivity by simplifying work order task summarization and knowledge generation.
5
Table of Contents
Industry
We offer industry solutions to better address the unique needs for specific industries, including, for example, financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, public sector, retail, technology and telecommunications. We expect the number of industry-specific solutions to grow as we gain adoption in new industries.
Employee Workflows
Employee Workflows help organizations transform the employee experience, improve productivity, increase employee satisfaction and fuel business growth. ServiceNow makes it easy for employees to answer their own questions, while automating mundane tasks for agents. With the Now Platform, organizations can empower career growth, make smarter talent decisions, modernize workplace management and experiences to create more collaborative in-office spaces, and streamline contract management and legal operations.
6
Table of Contents
HR Service Delivery
Our HR Service Delivery (“HRSD”) product helps organizations transform the employee experience by providing a portal that makes it easy for employees to conveniently access answers, actions and guidance. It helps employees navigate key career milestones and life events with step-by-step guidance.
Now Assist for HRSD, our AI solution, enables employees to quickly obtain answers to common HR questions and take action directly through Virtual Agent,