an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. We use a fair value hierarchy that is based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
Level 1—Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2—Other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace; and
Level 3— Significant unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original or remaining maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase.
Accounts Receivable, net
We record trade accounts receivable at the net invoice value and such receivables are non-interest bearing. We consider receivables past due based on the contractual payment terms. We reserve for specific amounts if collectability is no longer reasonably assured based on an assessment of various factors including historical loss rates and expectations of forward-looking loss estimates. Individual accounts receivable are written off when we become aware of a specific customer’s inability to meet its financial obligation, and all collection efforts are exhausted.
Investments
Investments consist of commercial paper, corporate notes and bonds, certificates of deposit, U.S. government and agency securities and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. We classify investments in debt securities as available-for-sale at the time of purchase. All investments are recorded at estimated fair value, and investments with original maturities of less than one year at time of purchase are classified as short-term. Unrealized gains and losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, a component of stockholders’ equity, except for credit-related impairment losses for available-for-sale debt securities.
63
Table of Contents
For all our available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized loss positions we have determined it is more likely than not we will hold the securities until maturity or a recovery of the cost basis. Available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position are written down to its fair value with the corresponding charge recorded in other expense, net in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income, if it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or we have the intention to sell the security. Credit-related impairment losses, not to exceed the amount that fair value is less than the amortized cost basis, are recognized through an allowance for credit losses with changes in the allowance for credit losses recorded in other expense, net in the consolidated statements of