implementations may take longer than planned, delay our ability to sell additional products or fail to meet our customers’ expectations, resulting in customers canceling or failing to renew their subscriptions before our products have been fully implemented. Some customers may lack the internal resources to manage a digital transformation such as our offering and, as a consequence, may be unable to see the benefits of our products. Unsuccessful, lengthy, or costly implementations and integrations could result in claims from customers, reputational harm, and opportunities for competitors to displace our products.
Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our ESG goals or maintain ESG practices that meet evolving stakeholder expectations could adversely affect us.
Our ability to achieve published environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) initiatives, goals and commitments is subject to numerous factors both within and outside of our control. Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our ESG goals or maintain ESG practices that meet evolving stakeholder expectations or regulatory requirements could harm our reputation, adversely impact our ability to attract and retain employees or customers and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, regulatory authorities and others or subject us to liability. Our reputation also may be harmed by the perceptions that our customers, employees and other stakeholders have about our action or inaction on ESG issues. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products and services.
We may face natural disasters, including climate change, and other events beyond our control.
Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may damage or disrupt our operations, international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a negative effect on our business. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, flooding, fire, extreme heat, power shortages, pandemics, terrorism, political unrest, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyberattacks, geopolitical instability, war, the effects of climate change and other events beyond our control. While we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such planning may not account for all possible events and the occurrence of such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, could decrease demand for our services, and could cause us to incur substantial expense. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses or additional expenses we may sustain. In the event of major natural disasters or catastrophic events, our backup systems could fail, customer data could be lost, and resumption of operations could require significant time.
We may be subject to increased costs, regulations, reporting requirements, standards or expectations regarding climate change-driven impacts on our business. While we seek to mitigate our business risks