transactions with respect to specified properties.
We hold cash balances with multiple financial institutions in various countries and these balances routinely exceed deposit insurance limits.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had $469 million and $268 million, respectively, of non-marketable equity investments in privately held companies. Our non-marketable equity investments are primarily accounted for using: (i) measurement alternative which measures the investments at cost minus impairment, if any, and adjusted for observable transactions for the same or similar investments of the same issuer and (ii) equity method which measures the investment at cost minus impairment, plus or minus our share of equity method investee income or loss. For those non-marketable equity investments using measurement alternative, recording upward and downward adjustments to the carrying value of these non-marketable equity investments requires quantitative assessments of the fair value of our non-marketable equity investments using various valuation methodologies and involves the use of estimates. The timing and amount of observable price changes are influenced by market dynamics that can impact the valuation of our non-marketable equity investments. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events. All of our non-marketable equity investments in privately held companies are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital.
53
Table of Contents
SERVICENOW, INC.
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
54
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of ServiceNow, Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ServiceNow, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of