a highly effective hedge, the Company will discontinue hedge accounting prospectively for the affected derivative.
64
Table of Contents
Derivatives not Designated as Hedging Instruments
Derivative contracts not designated as hedging instruments consist of foreign currency forward contracts that we primarily use to hedge monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. These foreign currency forward contracts are recorded at fair value and have maturities of 12 months or less. The changes in the fair value of these contracts are recorded in other expense, net on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Outstanding foreign currency forward contracts are recorded at gross fair value as prepaid expenses and other current assets as well as accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Property and Equipment, net
Property and equipment are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:
Capitalized Software Development Costs
Software development costs for software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed are expensed as incurred until the establishment of technological feasibility, at which time those costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers and amortized over the estimated life of the product. Costs and time incurred between the establishment of technological feasibility and product release have not been material, and all software development costs have been charged to research and development expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
Leases
We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments consist primarily of the fixed payments under the arrangement, less any lease incentives. We generally use an incremental borrowing rate estimated based on the information available at the lease commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments, unless the implicit rate is readily determinable. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
We account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for office leases. Lease and non-lease components for all other leases are generally accounted for separately. Additionally, we do not record leases on the balance sheet that, at the lease commencement date, have a lease term of 12 months or less.
Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets, current portion of operating lease liabilities, and operating lease liabilities, less current portion in our consolidated balance sheets. We did not have any financing leases in any of the periods presented.
Business Combinations
We