provisions in a variety of jurisdictions can be expensive and consume significant management resources. In certain jurisdictions, our ability to win business may be constrained by political and other factors unrelated to our competitive position in the market.
Our public sector customers may have contractual, statutory or regulatory rights to terminate current contracts with us or our third-party distributors or resellers for convenience or due to a default, though such risk may be assumed by such third-party distributor or reseller. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we may only be able to collect fees for products or services delivered prior to termination and settlement expenses. If a contract is terminated due to a default, we may be liable for excess costs incurred by the customer for procuring alternative products or services or be precluded from doing further business with governmental entities. Further, we are required to comply with a variety of complex laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, or performance of government contracts that give public sector customers substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts. These may also include rights with respect to price protection, refund and setoff, performance of services in languages other than English, the accuracy of information provided to the government, contractor compliance with supplier diversity policies, constraints on sales practices and other obligations that are particular to government contracts. These obligations may apply to us and/or our third-party resellers or distributors whose practices we may not control. Such parties’ non-compliance could create legal, contractual and customer satisfaction issues.
We and governments routinely investigate and audit compliance with contractual and regulatory requirements. For example, as disclosed in Note 17 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, the Company informed certain U.S. government agencies of an internal investigation and preliminary findings and is cooperating with, among others, the Department of Justice, which commenced its own investigation into the matters. If it is determined that we or our third-party distributors, resellers or service providers have failed to comply with applicable contractual or regulatory requirements, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, cost associated with the triggering of price reduction clauses, fines, and suspensions or debarment from future government business, among others, all of which may adversely affect our business. In the United States, our federal business has been concentrated with a small number of third-party distributors, resellers or service providers. If one of those third parties is limited in its ability to do business with the government due to a regulatory