the investigation and is continuing to cooperate with the Department of Justice, which has commenced its own investigation into these matters. The Company cannot predict the timing, outcome or possible impact of the investigation.
Indemnification Provisions
Our agreements include provisions indemnifying customers against intellectual property and other third-party claims. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors, executive officers and certain other officers that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise as a result of their affiliation with us. We have not incurred any costs as a result of such indemnification obligations and have not recorded any liabilities related to such obligations in the consolidated financial statements.
(18)
Information about Geographic Areas and Products
Revenues by geographic area, based on the location of our users, were as follows for the periods presented (in millions):
Property and equipment, net by geographic area were as follows (in millions):
(1)
Revenues attributed to the United States were
94
% of North America revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023
,
and 2022.
(2)
Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”).
(3)
Property and equipment, net attributed to the United States were
79
% of property and equipment, net attributable to North America as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Subscription revenues consist of the following (in millions):
Our digital workflow products include most of our product offerings and are generally priced on a per user basis. Our remaining product offerings, primarily comprised of our IT Operations Management (“ITOM”) products, are generally priced on a subscription unit basis.
86
Table of Contents
(19)
Subsequent Event
In January 2025, our board of directors authorized an additional $
3.0
billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. Refer to Note 13 “Stockholders’ Equity” for additional information about the Share Repurchase Program.
87
Table of Contents
None.
(a)  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Regulations under the Exchange Act require public companies, including our Company, to maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” which are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) to mean a company’s controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar