DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Proxy Statement) to be filed within 120 days of the registrant’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Report on Form 10-K. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table of Contents
PART I
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business, our results of operations, the industry in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “intend” and “expect,” as well as variations of these words and similar expressions, are intended to identify those forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I and elsewhere herein and in other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). While forward-looking statements are based on our management’s reasonable expectations at the time that they are made, you should not rely on those statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law.
ServiceNow was founded on a simple premise: to make work flow better. Our intelligent platform—the Now Platform—is a cloud-based solution that helps enterprises and organizations across public and private sectors digitize workflows, in line with our purpose of making the world work better for everyone. Organizations are increasingly turning to digital investments to streamline business-critical processes, drive deeper collaboration, increase employee productivity and power better customer experiences. The Now Platform helps business leaders realize value from these investments by incorporating advanced technology into the flow of work, end-to-end across the enterprise, for every department and persona.
The workflow applications built on the Now Platform are organized in four primary areas: Technology, Customer and Industry, Employee and Creator. Our Technology Workflows empower Information Technology (“IT”) departments to plan, build, operate and service