Dollar had an immaterial impact on our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024.
In addition, we primarily transact in several foreign currencies for cost of revenues and operating expenses outside of the United States. The movement of the U.S. Dollar had an immaterial impact on our expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Interest Income
Interest income increased during the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the prior year, primarily driven by an increase in investment income from our managed portfolio resulting from higher portfolio balances with higher interest rates.
48
Table of Contents
Other Expense, net
Other expense, net decreased by $11 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in net losses on equity investments.
To mitigate our risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts with maturities of 12 months or less to hedge a portion of our net outstanding monetary assets and liabilities. These hedging contracts may reduce, but cannot entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse currency exchange rate movements. The gains (losses) recognized for these foreign currency forward contracts in other expense, net, were immaterial for each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Provision for (benefit from) Income Taxes
NM - Not meaningful
The income tax provision was $313 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The income tax provision was primarily attributable to the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, offset by excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation.
The income tax benefit was $723 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The income tax benefit was primarily attributable to the release of the valuation allowance of certain U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. We regularly assess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. In making that assessment, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets to determine, based on the weight of available evidence, whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of June 30, 2023, we achieved cumulative U.S. income during the prior twelve quarters when considering pre-tax income adjusted for permanent differences and other comprehensive losses. Based on all available positive and negative evidence, having demonstrated sustained profitability which is objective and verifiable, and taking into account anticipated future earnings, we concluded it is more likely than not that our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets will be realizable, with the exception of California. We released $1.05 billion of our valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2024, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance against