or legal issue arising from their own conduct and we are not able to move our business to another third party, our business could be negatively impacted.
18
Table of Contents
Further, we are increasingly doing business in heavily regulated industries, such as financial services, telecommunication, media and television, and health care. Current and prospective customers in those industries may be required to comply with more stringent regulations to subscribe to and/or implement our services. In addition, regulatory agencies may impose requirements on third-party vendors that we may not meet. Customers in these heavily-regulated industries often have a right to conduct audits of our systems, products and practices, and in some cases the regulators of customers in heavily-regulated industries may directly examine vendors that provide outsourced services to such customers. If one or more customers and/or regulators determine that some aspect of our business does not meet regulatory requirements, our ability to continue or expand our business with those customers may be restricted.
If we fail to comply
with applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, export control laws, economic and trade sanctions laws, or other global trade laws, we could be subject to penalties and civil and/or criminal sanctions and our business could be materially adversely affected
.
As we continue to expand our business internationally, we will inevitably do more business with large private enterprises and the public sector in countries outside of the U.S. Increased business in countries with heightened levels of corruption subjects us and our officers and directors to increased scrutiny and potential liability from our business operations. We have an established compliance program, but there is a risk that our employees, partners, vendors, customers and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, could violate our policies and applicable law, exposing us to additional scrutiny and potential liability. We have experienced this in the past and may experience it again in the future. In addition, we are subject to customs laws that may impose tariffs on us, directly or indirectly. Higher tariffs on imports related to our operations could increase our operating costs. We are also subject to global trade laws that apply to our worldwide operations, including prohibitions or restrictions on conducting business in certain geographies or involving certain counterparties, end-users or end-use cases. As a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, for example, the U.S. and other jurisdictions have imposed economic and trade sanctions and export control restrictions against Russia and Belarus, as well as certain persons, assets and interests associated with those countries. If this conflict continues or if serious conflict arises elsewhere, the U.S. and other jurisdictions could impose wider economic and trade sanctions as well as