developed multi-year digital transformation plans that expand over time the use of ServiceNow products and services for their business. As we gain our customers’ trust by delivering products that provide great experiences and value across our customers’ entire enterprise, we feel immensely proud that “The World Works with ServiceNow.”
Our Products
ServiceNow’s product portfolio—which spans our Technology, Customer and Industry, Employee, Creator and other Workflows—is delivered on the Now Platform. Each year, two major platform upgrades are released, delivering new standard functionality and standalone products to further simplify the way our customers work and enhance productivity. Since launching AI-powered versions of our products, we have continued to expand the Now Assist product portfolio and plan to continue to embed AI capabilities in our portfolio in the future.
The Now Platform
The Now Platform is the AI platform for digital transformation. We help customers leverage emerging AI-based technologies to improve enterprise workflows. We believe AI-enabled workflows allow our customers to enhance their digital transformation and business impact. Transformations enabled by the Now Platform rapidly automate business processes across an entire enterprise by seamlessly connecting disparate departments, systems and silos to unlock productivity and improve experiences for both employees and customers. As the foundation for how we deliver our cross-enterprise digital workflows, the Now Platform orchestrates work across our customers’ cloud platforms and systems of choice, allowing them to get work done regardless of their current and future systems of record and collaboration platforms, across any data and system.
2
Table of Contents
Our one platform, one architecture and one data model approach can provide a “single pane of glass” that connects people, processes, data and devices. It offers a one-stop shop for automation and simplification of manual processes and is highly flexible, scalable and extensible. Enterprises can leverage our platform’s consumer-like user interface to help them deliver seamless experiences. For example, the Now Platform empowers users to independently resolve issues and seek answers through intelligent self-service portals. To illustrate, a customer may need to reset a password or update a shipping address, or an employee may want to know how many vacation days she has remaining. Because the Now Platform contains access to all of this information and the context of the user’s request in a single environment, users can easily access the information or services they need and find their own customized answers without outside help or even knowing which system or department has the answer they need. We believe better service, end-user experience and organizational agility are the ultimate desired outcomes of digital transformation.
The Now Platform is uniquely positioned to bring the full potential of GenAI and agentic AI to