and may do so again in the future. We are aware that, on occasion, both our customers and ServiceNow have configured certain settings on our platform, or retained preset configurations, in ways that may not align with preferred or recommended security levels, which can result in, and has resulted in, information being made more widely accessible than intended. Such misconfigurations can be, and have been, identified publicly, increasing the risk of data being exposed unintentionally. In certain cases, customers may misconfigure their systems and claim that they were not properly informed of the risks to their configuration.
Our data security system and data governance framework, designed to protect our and our customers’ information and prevent data loss, may not be effective at preventing material breaches caused by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by employees, contractors or third parties. Techniques used to sabotage or to obtain unauthorized access to systems are constantly evolving and may go undetected until a successful attack occurs. Moreover, we have experienced security incidents, which may reoccur in the future, that resulted in unauthorized access to, loss, or inadvertent disclosure of confidential, proprietary and sensitive information. We have observed attempts by third parties to induce or deceive our employees, contractors or users to fraudulently obtain access to our or our customers’ data or assets. In addition, our employees have fallen victim to phishing attacks in the past and are likely to again in the future. Further, despite our security measures, employees, contractors and other individuals (some of whom are supported by nation states) have gained, and in the future may gain, access to our systems to search for and exploit actual or potential vulnerabilities in our products or services or inflict other harms, such as deploying malware or stealing data.
An actual or perceived security breach or compromise can have a material effect on ServiceNow’s operations, finances and reputation. The adverse consequences can include accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to data; disruptions to our services; diversion of funds; litigation; indemnification and other contractual obligations; regulatory investigations; government fines and penalties; reputational damage; negative publicity; business and operational interruptions; loss of sales, customers, and partners; mitigation and remediation expenses; and other material costs and liabilities. In addition, the assessment and response to security incidents, as well as implementation of appropriate safeguards to protect against future incidents, can lead to material economic and operational consequences. These consequences can result regardless of whether the incident is suffered by us, affects our third-party service providers or stems from customers’ action or inaction. Moreover, even if a breach is unrelated to our