expend cash outflows to develop new services and core technologies that further enhance the Now Platform, engage our customers and enhance their experience, and enable and transform our business operations. Subscription services arrangements typically have a three-year duration, and we have experienced a renewal rate of 98% over the last three years. Cash outflows from operations are principally comprised of the salaries, bonuses, commissions, and benefits for our workforce, licenses and services arrangements that are integral to our business operations and data centers and operating lease arrangements that underlie our facilities. We have generated positive operating cash flows for more than ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2025. When assessing sources of liquidity, we also include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments totaling $10.9 billion as of March 31, 2025.
Our capital requirements are principally comprised of capital expenditures to support data center capacity expansion, non-contract workforce salaries, bonuses, commissions and benefits and, to a lesser extent, cancellable and non-cancellable licenses, operating leases and services arrangements that are integral to our business operations. We also acquire technology and businesses to expand our service offerings and functionality. Operating lease obligations totaling $1,073 million are principally associated with leased facilities and have varying maturities with $630 million due over the next five years.
29
Table of Contents
We may repurchase our shares of common stock in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means, with the objective to return value to our stockholders and manage the dilution from future employee equity grants and employee stock purchase programs. In May 2023, our board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of our common stock and authorized an additional $3.0 billion in repurchases under the program in January 2025. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company repurchased 0.3 million shares of our common stock for $298 million. All repurchases were made in open market transactions. Repurchases of common stock are recognized as treasury stock and held for future issuance. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $3.0 billion of the authorized amount under the share repurchase program remained available for future repurchases.
We have also issued long-term debt to finance our business. In August 2020, we issued 1.40% fixed rate ten-year notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion due on September 1, 2030 (the “2030 Notes”).
Our free cash flows, together with our other sources of liquidity, are available to service our liabilities as well as our cancellable and non-cancellable arrangements. We anticipate cash flows