localization. Further, due to heightened concerns relating to privacy and security regulatory matters, our customers may request certain certifications and failure to obtain, or consistently maintain, those certifications may adversely impact our reputation and business.
A failure to innovate in response to rapidly evolving technological changes and in the midst of an intensely competitive market may harm our competitive position and business prospects.
We compete in markets that evolve rapidly. The pace of innovation will continue to accelerate as customers recognize the advantages of acquiring leading digital technologies and adopting modern cloud-based infrastructure. Cutting-edge capabilities such as AI, machine learning, hyper automation, low-code/no-code application development, system observability and predictive insights become increasingly relevant to the customer’s evolving needs. With this rapid evolution, we are increasingly competing with alternative solutions and approaches to solve customer needs, and we expect additional competition as we shift our products and services to compete with providers in new and adjacent markets.
Competitors, regardless of their size, may be able to respond more quickly and effectively to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, customer requirements and buying practices. They may introduce new technology, solve similar problems in different ways or more effectively utilize existing technology that reduces demand for our services. They may utilize acquisitions, integrations or consolidations to offer integrated or bundled products, enhanced
15
Table of Contents
functionality or other advantages. Some of our existing competitors and potential competitors are larger and have greater name recognition, the ability to more efficiently scale their business, more established operations and customer relationships, and greater financial and technical resources than we do. “Systems of record” operators may attempt to create technology solutions or other mechanisms that would prevent our systems from integrating with theirs. They may create pricing pressures by reducing the price of competing products, services or subscriptions or bundling their offerings causing our offerings to appear relatively more expensive. Competition from cloud-based vendors may increase as they build business applications or AI powered automation solutions that compete with our products and services. We may also encounter customer reluctance or unwillingness to migrate away from their current solutions.
If we are not able to compete successfully, we could experience reduced sales and margins, losses or failure of our products to achieve or maintain market acceptance. Accordingly, to compete effectively, we must:
•
identify and innovate in the right technologies;
•
keep pace with rapidly changing technological developments, such as AI, which may disrupt resource and talent needs and the enterprise software marketplace;
•