foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
•
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
•
Our stock price is likely to continue to be volatile.
•
Provisions in our governing documents or Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control or changes in our management and, therefore, depress our stock price.
Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business
Laws, regulations and customer expectations regarding the use, storage and movement of data may restrict our ability to continue to optimize our platform.
Governments have adopted, and likely will continue to adopt, laws and regulations affecting the use, storage and movement of data, including laws related to data privacy and security, the use of machine learning and artificial intelligence (“AI”), and data sovereignty or residency requirements. Changing laws, regulations and standards applying to the collection, storage, use, sharing, portability, transfer or other control or processing of data, including personal data, could affect our ability to efficiently and cost-effectively offer our services and to develop our products and services for maximum utility, as well as our customers’ ability to use data or share data. Such changes may restrict our ability to use, store or otherwise process customer data in connection with providing services and could alter or increase our compliance requirements. In some cases, this could impact our ability to offer our services in certain locations or our customers’ ability to deploy our services globally. For example, the EU Data Act has significant requirements regarding data portability, interoperability and accessibility and unclear data transfer restrictions, any of which could impact our operations. In addition, the relatively new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework, which facilitates the transfer of data between the United States (“U.S.”) and European Union (“EU”), may be subject to legal challenges and regulatory interpretations that could create uncertainties and impact our operations and compliance obligations.
We offer region-specific services, by which customer data is hosted locally and customers may elect to receive support from locally-based ServiceNow teams. Setting up and maintaining these region-specific services require significant investment, including to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Actual or perceived non-compliance with those laws and regulations could result in proceedings or investigations against us by regulatory authorities or others, lead to significant fines, damages, orders, litigation or reputational harm and may otherwise adversely impact our business.
We will also need to continually adapt to customer privacy and security requirements as they change over time. For example, as customers increasingly adopt a hybrid (on-premises and off-premises/hyperscale cloud) approach for their IT workloads, our cloud services may fail to address evolving customer requirements, including data