translated at historical exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders’ equity. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other expense, net within the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, and were immaterial for all periods presented.
Revenue Recognition
Revenues are recognized when control of services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services.
Subscription revenues
Subscription revenues are primarily comprised of subscription fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, related support and updates, if any, to the subscribed service during the subscription term. We recognize subscription revenues ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract, which is the date we make our services available to our customers. Our contracts with customers typically include a fixed amount of consideration and are generally non-cancellable and without any refund-type provisions. We typically invoice our customers annually in advance for our subscription services upon execution of the initial contract or subsequent renewal, and our invoices are typically due within
30
days from the invoice date.
Subscription revenues also include revenues from self-hosted offerings in which customers deploy, or we grant customers the option to deploy without significant penalty, our subscription service internally or contract with a third party to host the software. For these contracts, we account for the software element separately from the related support and updates as they are distinct performance obligations. Refer to the discussion below related to contracts with multiple performance obligations for further details. The transaction price is allocated to separate performance obligations on a relative SSP basis. The transaction price allocated to the software element is recognized when transfer of control of the software to the customer is complete. The transaction price allocated to the related support and updates are recognized ratably over the contract term.
Professional services and other revenues
Our professional services arrangements are primarily on a time-and-materials basis, and we generally invoice our customers monthly in arrears for these professional services based on actual hours and expenses incurred. Some of our professional services arrangements are on a fixed-fee basis. Professional services revenues are recognized as services are delivered. Other revenues mainly consist of fees from customer training delivered on-site or through publicly available classes. Typical payment terms require our customers to pay us within
30
days from the invoice date.
Contracts with multiple performance obligations