the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the arrangement. We mitigate this credit risk by transacting with major financial institutions with high credit ratings. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed our obligations to the counterparties. We are not required to pledge, and are not entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative instruments. We do not enter into derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes. Refer to Note 8 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
We had an aggregate of $9.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments as of December 31, 2024. This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, certificates of deposit, corporate notes and bonds, government and agency securities and other debt securities with a minimum rating of BBB by Standard & Poor’s, Baa2 by Moody’s or BBB by Fitch. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of capital and support of our liquidity requirements. Our investments are exposed to market risk due to fluctuations in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair market value of our investments.
As of December 31, 2024, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an approximate $78 million decline of the fair value of our available-for-sale debt securities. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur.
As of December 31, 2023, we had an aggregate of $8.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments, and a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an approximate $60 million decline of the fair value of our available-for-sale debt securities.
52
Table of Contents
Market Risk
In August 2020, we issued 1.40% fixed rate ten-year notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion due on September 1, 2030. The 2030 Notes were issued at 99.63% of principal and we incurred approximately $13 million of debt issuance costs. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2021, and the entire outstanding principal amount is due at maturity on September 1, 2030. The 2030 Notes are unsecured obligations and the indentures governing the 2030 Notes contain customary events of default and covenants that, among others and subject to exceptions, restrict our ability to incur or guarantee debt secured by liens on specified assets or enter into sale and lease-back