public cloud service providers, or with a third party to support unique regulatory or security requirements. While there are some limitations on agility and flexibility as compared to our cloud offering, a minority of our customers have elected the third-party alternative. The standard and enhanced customer support we provide to customers that deploy our services outside of our data centers is similar to the support we provide to customers deployed in our managed data centers.
Sales and Marketing
We market and sell our products and services to enterprises across a wide variety of industries. We sell our product offerings and services through subscription services primarily through our global direct sales organization. We also sell services through managed service providers and resale partners.
Our marketing efforts and lead generation activities consist primarily of customer referrals, digital advertising (including via our website), trade shows, industry events, brand campaigns and press releases. We also host our annual Knowledge user conference, webinars and other user forums, including regional forums, which we call World Forums, where customers and partners both participate in and present on a variety of programs designed to educate them on industry best practices and help accelerate their success.
We continue to expand our sales capabilities in new geographies, including through investments in direct and indirect sales channels, professional services capabilities, customer support resources, post-sales customer support resources, strategic alliances and partnerships, implementation partners and advisory councils. We also plan to increase our investment in our existing locations in order to achieve scale efficiencies in our sales and marketing efforts.
Partner Ecosystem
In addition to our global direct sales organization, we have a strong and growing ecosystem of partners that helps accelerate our customers’ digital transformation initiatives and deliver customer value at scale. They play a critical role in helping companies digitally transform their businesses. We have reimagined our program to include more flexibility and choice and are empowering partners worldwide to help us reach new markets and industries while innovating faster and together. Our industry and workflow capabilities paired with our partners’ industry and functional domain expertise help customers of all sizes. Together with our partners, we offer industry and domain-focused solutions at scale and are accelerating digital transformation as we help companies drive new approaches in engaging their end users and employees.
We are seeing continued momentum across the partner ecosystem. For example, we have expanded our relationships with a number of technology companies to enhance enterprise AI capabilities. Our latest initiative with NVIDIA, for example, focuses on co-developing native AI agents on the Now Platform, using NVIDIA Agent Blueprints, which are AI
9
Table of