reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, as well as reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Such management estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation included in customer contracts with multiple performance obligations, the period of benefit for deferred commissions, valuation of intangible assets, the useful life of property and equipment and identifiable intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
6
Table of Contents
Significant Accounting Policies
There were no significant changes to our significant accounting policies disclosed in “Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on January 30, 2025.
Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers
Credit risk arising from accounts receivable is mitigated to a certain extent due to our large number of customers and their dispersion across various industries and geographies. We had one customer, a U.S. federal channel partner and systems integrator, that represented
14
% and
12
% of our accounts receivable balance as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and
12
% and
11
% of our total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Based on our periodic credit evaluations, there have been no historical collection concerns with this customer. For purposes of assessing concentration of credit risk and significant customers, a group of customers under common control or customers that are affiliates of each other are regarded as a single customer.
Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements
During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company identified an immaterial error in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the period ended March 31, 2024 relating to a misclassification between investing cash outflows and financing cash outflows. The second installment payment for a business combination completed during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, totaling $
184
million, was incorrectly classified as an investing cash outflow instead of a financing cash outflow. The Company determined that the error was not material to any previously issued financial statements and revised the error in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
(3)
Investments
Marketable Debt Securities
The following is a summary of our available-for-sale debt securities recorded within short-term and long-term investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets (in millions):
7
Table of Contents
As of March 31, 2025, the contractual maturities of our available-for-sale debt securities, excluding those securities