issue is discovered, this product suite provides operators with the business context needed to strategically prioritize its criticality. OT Management will trigger an incident management process that ensures the issue is handled by the appropriate team at the right time.
Security Operations
Our Security Operations product suite connects an organization’s security function with the rest of the enterprise, integrating internal and third-party security and vulnerability data to quickly respond to security incidents and vulnerabilities, prioritized according to their potential impact on a customer’s business. It simplifies and automates threat and vulnerability management and response, while reducing risks to our customers’ organizations.
Now Assist for Security Operations, our AI solution, enhances security operations by providing AI-generated insights through automated workflows. It boosts security analysts’ productivity, accelerates issue resolution and equips chief information security officers and other security leaders with valuable insights for transforming their security operations.
Strategic Portfolio Management
Our Strategic Portfolio Management (“SPM”) product helps customers plan, visualize and track value realization across their portfolio of projects, initiatives and digital products, all on one platform. It enables customers to drive business outcomes by aligning their strategy with investments and execution.
Now Assist for SPM, our AI solution, helps ensure that business demands, related task documentations and feedback, are communicated clearly, efficiently and effectively.
Customer and Industry Workflows
Customer and Industry Workflows help organizations integrate front-end customer service capabilities with operations, order fulfillment and field service resources and can deliver industry-specific use cases. Customer and Industry Workflows help customers create a seamless customer experience from request to resolution by connecting
4
Table of Contents
digital workflows that deliver fast support on a customer’s channel of choice, reducing costs, and modernizing customer experiences. Organizations can elevate their customer service with enhanced resolution efficiency and improved service quality made possible with workflows, automation, AI and task management. Customer service departments no longer need to rely on agents searching multiple systems to find a single resolution to customer requests.
Customer Service Management
Our Customer Service Management (“CSM”) product allows companies to route work to the right agent based on priority and category, which decreases errors by leveraging recommended solutions from prior cases and interactions. It optimizes customer service experiences with workflows that help organizations accelerate customer self-service, boost agent productivity and speed up resolution time. For example, CSM can automate the routing of customer requests to appropriate departments, provide self-service options for