private sectors digitize workflows, in line with our purpose of making the world work better for everyone. Our workflow applications built on the Now Platform are organized along four primary areas: Technology, CRM and Industry, Core Business and Creator. The products under each of our workflows help customers connect, automate and empower work across systems and silos to enable great outcomes for businesses and great experiences for people. The Now Platform is the AI platform for digital transformation. As the foundation for how we deliver our cross-enterprise digital workflows, the Now Platform orchestrates work across our customers’ cloud platforms and systems of choice, allowing them to get work done regardless of their current and future preferred systems of record and collaboration platforms.
(2)
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and condensed footnotes have been prepared in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) regarding interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by United States (“U.S.”) generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) for complete financial statements due to the permitted exclusion of certain disclosures for interim reporting. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring items) considered necessary under GAAP for fair statement of results for the interim periods presented have been included. As a result of displaying amounts in millions, rounding differences may exist in the condensed consolidated financial statements and footnote tables. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2025 or for other interim periods or future years. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 is derived from audited consolidated financial statements; however, it does not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on January 30, 2025.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, and include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the