involves the use of estimates. The adjustments made during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were immaterial. We classify these fair value measurements as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy.
(4)
Fair Value Measurements
The following table presents our fair value hierarchy for our assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2024 (in millions):
70
Table of Contents
The following table presents our fair value hierarchy for our assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 (in millions):
We determine the fair value of our security holdings based on pricing from our service providers and market prices from industry-standard independent data providers. Such market prices may be quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 inputs), pricing determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2 inputs) or using unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity (Level 3 inputs). Our non-marketable equity investments are not included in the table above and are discussed in Note 3. Refer to Note 8 for the fair value measurement of our derivative contracts and Note 11 for the fair value measurement of our long-term debt, which are also not included in the table above. Our marketable equity investments are classified within Level 1 and were immaterial as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(5)
Business Combinations
2024 Business Combinations
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we completed certain acquisitions for total purchase consideration of $
112
million primarily to enhance our products with the acquired technology and engineering workforce. The acquisitions were not material to our consolidated financial statements, either individually or in the aggregate.
2023 Business Combinations
On July 17, 2023, we acquired all outstanding shares of G2K Group GmbH, an artificial intelligence powered platform, for $
465
million in a cash transaction. The consideration was paid in
two
installments, with the first payment made in July 2023 and the second payment made in February 2024. The acquisition is intended to enhance our Now Platform with the acquired smart Internet of Things technology, enabling businesses to intelligently action digital and in-store data with enterprise-grade workflows.
The purchase price was allocated based on the fair value of the developed technology intangible asset of $
75
million (
six-year
estimated useful life), net tangible liabilities of $
1
million, deferred tax liabilities of $
23
million and goodwill of $
414
million, which is not deductible for income tax purposes.
Goodwill is primarily attributed to the value expected from synergies resulting from the business combination. The fair values assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and income taxes payable and deferred taxes are based on management’s estimates and assumptions.
71
Table