proceedings, refer to Note 17 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Not applicable.
33
PART II
Market Information for Common Stock
Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “NOW.”
Dividends
Our board of directors currently intends to retain any future earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of our business, and therefore does not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.
Stockholders
As of December 31, 2024, there were 13 registered stockholders of record (not including an indeterminate number of beneficial holders of stock held in street name through brokers and other intermediaries) of our common stock.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans
The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A.
Stock Performance Graph
This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC, for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Act of 1933, (the “Securities Act”) or the Exchange Act except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.
The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the S&P 500 Index, NYSE Composite Index and the Standard & Poor Systems Software Index for each of the last five fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2024, assuming an initial investment of $100. Data for the S&P 500 Index, NYSE Composite Index and the Standard & Poor Systems Software Index assume reinvestment of dividends.
The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock.
34
35
Table of Contents
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
None
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Share repurchases of our common stock for the three months ended December 31, 2024 were as follows:
(1) On May 16, 2023, our board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of our common stock. As of December 31, 2024, approximately $266 million remained available for future repurchases under the share repurchase program. In January 2025, our board of directors authorized an additional $3.0 billion in repurchases under the share repurchase program. Refer to Note 13 “Stockholders’ Equity” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information.
36
Table of Contents
Part II, Item 6 is no longer required as we have adopted certain provisions