comprehensive income. For purposes of identifying and measuring impairment, the policy election was made to exclude the applicable accrued interest from both the fair value and amortized cost basis. Applicable accrued interest, net of the allowance for credit losses (if any) of $
79
million and $
51
million, is recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Realized gains and losses from the sales of available-for-sale debt securities are determined based on the specific identification method and are reported in other expense, net in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
Strategic Investments
Strategic investments consist of debt and non-marketable equity investments in privately held companies in which we do not have a controlling interest. Privately held equity securities in which we do not have a controlling financial interest in but exercise significant influence over the investee are accounted for under equity method accounting. These investments are measured at cost less any impairment, plus or minus our share of equity method investee income or loss.  For those privately held equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values and for which we do not have a controlling financial interest or exercise significant influence, we have elected to apply the measurement alternative, measuring them at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. An impairment loss is recorded when an event or circumstance indicates a decline in value has occurred. We include these strategic investments in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
Derivative Financial Instruments
Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
We record derivatives at fair value as either assets or liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. For derivative contracts entered into to hedge a portion of our forecasted foreign currency denominated revenues that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the unrealized gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings as subscription revenues when the hedged transaction affects earnings.
The Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. We also formally assess, both at the inception of the hedge, and on an ongoing basis, whether each derivative is highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item. Fluctuations in the value of the derivative instruments are generally offset by changes in the hedged item; however, if it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge or if a derivative ceases to be