have continued to grow our business. By prioritizing these values, we are able to gain the trust of our employees and customers and work towards fulfilling our corporate purpose to “make the world work better for everyone.”
Environmental, Social and Governance
Our ESG strategy is aligned to our corporate purpose. We continue to build on our commitments and capabilities to sustain our planet (environmental), create equitable opportunities (social) and act with integrity (governance). Our year-over-year progress is included in our annual Global Impact Report, which details our ESG strategy, initiatives and performance. Our Global Impact Report is aligned with globally-recognized ESG reporting standards.
Human Capital Management
Our People Pact
Our People Pact is pivotal to our ability to fulfill our corporate purpose and is a commitment to helping each other l
ive our best lives, do our best work and fulfill our purpose together. To deliver on this promise, we follow a Global People Strategy that serves as the foundation for how we plan and deliver on employee programming and experiences:
11
Table of Contents
Culture and Inclusion
Our culture is grounded in our values. We live our culture by regularly listening to our people and gathering feedback directly from our workforce to inform our programs and meet employee needs globally. Our Employee Voice Survey (“EVS”) measures and analyzes employee engagement, including inclusion and belonging, learning and development, recognition, compensation and wellbeing. EVS insights are used to create action plans at all levels of the organization and inform the assessment of our human capital management approach and its alignment with our purpose and business strategy.
“Create Belonging” is one of our four company values that guides our ambition. We aim to create a safe, seen, heard and connected workplace for our employees of all backgrounds and experiences so that they can work together to create better products and services that serve our equally diverse and global customer base and ultimately better business outcomes for ServiceNow. To build a strong culture, we have implemented initiatives that weave inclusion throughout the employee experience - from hiring, to learning and development and career advancement. Our global inclusion framework focuses on three key areas:
As a technology leader, we believe in broadening our reach to underserved communities, providing them with access to technology and training, helping them unlock new opportunities. To help achieve this objective, we created RiseUp with ServiceNow – a training, certification, upskilling and career placement program. This initiative reflects our commitment to building career pathways for non-traditional tech talent by removing barriers and improving access to technology, knowledge and opportunity.
Learning and Development
Our global learning and development programs, under the ServiceNow University (“SNU”) umbrella, deliver skilling tools and