Platform.
38
Table of Contents
Free cash flow.
We define free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities plus cash outflows for legal settlements, repayments of convertible senior notes attributable to debt discount and business combination and other related costs including compensation expense, reduced by purchases of property and equipment. Purchases of property and equipment are otherwise included in cash used in investing activities under GAAP. We believe information regarding free cash flow provides useful information to investors because it is an indicator of the strength and performance of our business operations. However, our calculation of free cash flow may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. A calculation of free cash flow is provided below:
We have historically seen higher collections in the quarter ended March 31 due to seasonality in timing of entering into customer contracts, which is significantly higher in the quarter ended December 31. Additionally, we have historically seen higher disbursements in the quarters ended March 31 and September 30 due to payouts under our annual commission plans, purchases under our employee stock purchase plan, payouts under our bonus plans and coupon payments related to our 2030 Notes.
Non-GAAP consolidated income from operations.
Non-GAAP consolidated income from operations is identified as an additional measure of profit or loss. This non-GAAP measure is used by the chief operating decision maker to allocate resources and assess performance. We define non-GAAP consolidated income from operations as income from operations excluding certain non-cash or non-recurring items, including stock-based compensation expense, amortization of purchased intangibles, legal settlements and business combination and other related costs. We believe these adjustments provide useful supplemental information to investors and facilitate the analysis of our operating results and comparison of those results across reporting periods. The following table shows the reconciliation of our reported consolidated income from operations to non-GAAP consolidated income from operations.
39
Table of Contents
Renewal rate.
We calculate our renewal rate by subtracting our attrition rate from 100%. Our attrition rate for a period is equal to the ACV from customers lost during the period, divided by the sum of (i) the total ACV from all customers that renewed during the period, excluding changes in price or users, and (ii) the total ACV from all customers lost during the period. Accordingly, our renewal rate is calculated based on ACV and is not based on the number of customers that have renewed. Further, our renewal rate does not reflect increased or decreased purchases from our customers to the extent such customers are not lost customers or lapsed renewals. A lost customer is a customer that did not renew an expiring contract and that, in our judgment, will