affect our business.
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. We believe that our provision for income taxes is reasonable, but the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods in which such outcome is determined. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in statutory tax rates, changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the effects of acquisitions. Increases in our effective tax rate would reduce our profitability or in some cases increase our losses.
Additionally, our future effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in accounting principles or changes in federal, state or international tax laws or tax rulings and these changes may have a retroactive effect. The U.S. Department of Treasury has broad authority to issue regulations and interpretative guidance that may significantly impact how we will comply with the law, which could affect our results of operations in the period issued. Many countries are actively considering or have proposed or enacted changes to their tax laws based on the model rules adopted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) defining a 15% global minimum tax (commonly referred to as Pillar 2). Pillar 2 rules are at varying stages of adoption across jurisdictions where we operate. The timeline to implement these rules and the specific rules vary by jurisdiction. The adoption of Pillar 2 rules may affect our effective tax rate and current tax obligations and liabilities. While we do not currently anticipate Pillar 2 rules to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, we are monitoring developments from the OECD, governmental bodies, such as the EU, and intergovernmental economic organizations, to evaluate the impact of changing global tax laws. Global tax developments applicable to multinational businesses and increased scrutiny under tax examinations, as well as changes in federal, state or international tax laws or rulings that may increase our worldwide effective tax rate, could have a material impact on our business.
In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by tax jurisdictions throughout the world, many of which have not established clear guidance on the tax treatment of cloud computing companies. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on our results of operations for that period. Further, many of our most important intangible assets are held outside the U.S. and are subject to inter-company agreements regarding the development and