consolidated balance sheets (in millions):
(13)
Stockholders' Equity
Common Stock
We are authorized to issue a total of
600
million shares of common stock as of December 31, 2024. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to receive dividends unless declared by our board of directors.
As of December 31, 2024, we had
206.5
million shares of common stock, net of treasury stock, outstanding and had reserved shares of common stock for future issuance as follows (in thousands):
76
Table of Contents
(1)
Represents the number of shares issuable upon settlement of outstanding restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and performance-based RSUs (“PRSUs”), as discussed in Note 14.
(2)
Refer to Note 14 for a description of these plans.
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we issued a total of
2.6
million and
2.7
million shares, respectively, from stock option exercises, vesting of RSUs, net of employee payroll taxes, and purchases from the employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”).
Treasury Stock
In May 2023, our board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $
1.5
billion of our common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). Under the  program, we may repurchase our common stock from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date, may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to acquire any amount of common stock. The timing, manner, price, and amount of any repurchases will be determined by us at our discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including business, economic and market conditions, prevailing stock prices, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other considerations.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company repurchased
0.8
million shares of its common stock for $
696
million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased
0.9
million shares of its common stock for $
538
million. All repurchases were made in open market transactions. Repurchases of common stock are recognized as treasury stock and held for future issuance. As of December 31, 2024, $
266
million of the originally authorized amount under the Share Repurchase Program remained available for future repurchases. In January 2025, our board of directors authorized an additional $
3.0
billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program.
Preferred Stock
Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to
10
million shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Our board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights,