disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required or necessary disclosures. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, based on the evaluation of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures by our management as of March 31, 2025, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level for this purpose.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
31
Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 1.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We are party to certain litigation and other legal proceedings. While legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to uncertainties, we do not believe that the ultimate resolution of any such proceedings, whether taken individually or in the aggregate, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
For additional information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 16 in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS
The Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described under the section “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price can be materially adversely affected. There have