Contents
workflow templates built on NVIDIA NIM microservices software, tailored for specific use cases. We have also expanded our relationships with cloud providers to enhance cloud capabilities. For example, our security incident response product can integrate with Amazon Web Service’s Security Hub to automate the creation of security incident records. Additionally, Now Assist and Microsoft 365 Copilot can be integrated such that both agents provide an elevated AI experience for our joint customers. Through these relationships, users can leverage their existing spending commitments with cloud providers to procure ServiceNow products. Further, our relationships with global system integrators such Accenture, Cognizant, Deloitte, EY and KPMG continue to help us expand our business by offering ServiceNow solutions to their customers.
Customers
We primarily sell our services to large enterprise customers, and we host and support large, enterprise-wide deployments for our customers. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 8,400 customers. Our customers operate in a wide variety of industries. The portion of our revenues generated by sales to government customers has also increased over time. See “Risk Factors—Doing business with the public sector and heavily-regulated entities subjects us to risks related to the government procurement process, regulations, and contracting requirements” for additional information about our sales to government customers.
Research and Development
Our research and development organization is responsible for the design, development, testing and validation of our solutions. We focus on innovating and developing new services and core technologies and further enhancing the functionality, reliability and performance of our existing solutions. Using emerging technologies, we can anticipate customer demands and then bring new services and new versions of existing services to market quickly in order to remain competitive in the marketplace. We have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in research and development to broaden our platform capabilities, strengthen our existing applications, expand the number of applications on our platform, enhance our user experience and develop additional mobile, automation, AI and machine intelligence technologies.
Acquisitions and Investments
We have acquired and invested in companies and technologies as part of our business strategy and will continue to evaluate and enter into potential strategic transactions, including, among other things, acquisitions of or investments in businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets. These transactions are intended to, among other things, expand or improve our service offerings and functionality, go-to-market and sales efforts, our operations or our ability to source necessary expertise and provide services in international locations.
Competition
Our business is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented,