the amortization of commissions paid to our sales employees, including related payroll taxes and fringe benefits. In addition, sales and marketing expenses include branding expenses, marketing program expenses, which include events such as Knowledge, and costs associated with purchasing advertising and marketing data, software and subscription services dedicated for sales and marketing use and allocated overhead.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses directly associated with our research and development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation and allocated overhead. Research and development expenses also include data center capacity costs, costs associated with outside services contracted for research and development purposes and depreciation of infrastructure hardware equipment that is used solely for research and development purposes.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our executive, finance, legal, human resources, facilities and administrative personnel, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation, external legal, accounting and other professional services fees, other corporate expenses, amortization of intangible assets and allocated overhead.
24
Table of Contents
Provision for Income Taxes
Provision for income taxes consists of federal, state and foreign income taxes. Our income tax provision for the three months ended March 31, 2025 is primarily attributable to the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, offset by excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation. We continue to maintain a valuation allowance against our California deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty regarding realizability of these deferred tax assets as they have not met the “more likely than not” realization criteria, particularly as we expect research and development tax credit generation to exceed our ability to use the credits in future years.
Comparison of the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
Revenues
Subscription revenues increased by $482 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily driven by increased purchases by new and existing customers. Included in subscription revenues is $157 million and $126 million of revenues recognized upfront from the delivery of software associated with self-hosted offerings during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2025 to increase in absolute dollars and remain relatively flat as a percentage of revenue as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products compared to the year ended December 31, 2024.
Our expectations for revenues, cost of revenues and operating expenses for the remainder