management, compliance case management, IT and operational risk management and audit management. IRM helps customers manage risk and resilience in real time. IRM also includes ESG Management, which helps customers more effectively administer their environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) programs. For example, it can streamline data collection, provide on-demand progress monitoring against key goals and automate reporting.
IT Operations Management
Our IT Operations Management (“ITOM”) product identifies, monitors and manages a customer’s physical and cloud-based IT infrastructure. The ITOM product’s ability to identify a customer’s IT infrastructure (e.g., physical servers) and digital components (e.g., email) allows it to detect whether issues occurring on one or more of those assets
3
Table of Contents
may interfere with business services. It also maintains a single data record for all IT configurable items, allowing our customers to exercise control over their on-premises or cloud-based infrastructures, while orchestrating key processes and tasks. ITOM also includes Cloud Observability, which provides real-time visibility into cloud-native and monolithic environments that power our customers’ internal- and external-facing products and services.
Now Assist for ITOM, our AI solution, simplifies complex technical language into easy-to-understand descriptions and provides quick resolution recommendations to IT operations issues. By doing so, this solution lowers the risk of outages, enhances customer productivity and increases overall service reliability.
IT Service Management
Our IT Service Management (“ITSM”) product is capable of, among others, predictive intelligence, incident management and response, routine task and request automation, performance analytics and process optimization. It also provides a Virtual Agent feature, a chatbot that can answer common questions. ITSM intelligently delivers resilient IT services, reduces costs, boosts IT productivity and provides exceptional experiences to employees, customers and partners.
Now Assist for ITSM, our AI solution, can summarize change requests or enable natural language Virtual Agent interactions and incident history summaries so customer service agents can efficiently resolve incidents. For example, upon incident closure, solution notes or knowledge-based articles can be generated to speed wrap times and adhere to incident management best practices, thereby improving agent productivity and employee experience with faster, more seamless resolutions.
Operational Technology Management
Our Operational Technology (“OT”) Management product suite provides visibility and context into connected devices and technology assets deployed for operational purposes. It enables industrial companies to prioritize, remediate and patch OT vulnerabilities, respond to issues with OT service management capabilities and automate OT asset management throughout the full device lifecycle. For example, when an OT