performance and market conditions must be achieved by September 30, 2026 (the “Performance Period”). The stock price metric will be achieved when both the 180-day volume weighted-average price (“VWAP”) and the 30-day VWAP equal or exceed the respective tranche stock price metric on any day during the Performance Period. The performance metric is achieved when the trailing four-quarter cumulative GAAP subscription revenues equal or exceed the respective tranche performance target. Shares acquired upon exercise of the options cannot be sold, transferred or disposed until after the end of the Performance Period and the 2021 Performance Awards will expire
ten years
from the respective date of grant. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the fourth tranche was vested based on the achievement of both the performance and market conditions.
The fair value of the 2021 Performance Awards and the corresponding derived service periods were estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a graded vesting basis over the requisite service period for each respective tranche, but not shorter than the
two
-year minimum service period, and includes an assessment of when it is probable the performance condition will be achieved, which involves a subjective assessment of our future financial projections.
As of March 31, 2025, total unrecognized compensation cost, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options was $
4
million. The weighted-average remaining vesting period of unvested stock options at March 31, 2025 was approximately
one year
.
15
Table of Contents
RSUs
A summary of RSU activity for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was as follows:
RSUs outstanding as of March 31, 2025 were comprised of
6.3
million RSUs with only service conditions and
0.5
million RSUs with both service conditions and performance conditions, including certain RSUs with additional market conditions. The total intrinsic value of the RSUs vested was $
0.8
billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025. As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs outstanding was $
5.4
billion and RSUs expected to vest was $
4.8
billion.
PRSUs have service, performance and market vesting conditions. The ultimate number of shares eligible to vest range from
0
% to
200
%, subject to our board of directors compensation committee’s approval of performance metrics achievement and, for certain PRSUs, total shareholder return relative to that of the S&P 500 index. The eligible shares subject to PRSUs granted during the three months ended March 31, 2025 will vest in
one
to
three years
contingent on each holder’s continuous status as an employee on the applicable vesting dates. The number of PRSUs granted included in the table above reflects the shares that could be eligible to vest at
100
% of target for PRSUs and includes adjustments for over or under achievement for PRSUs granted in the prior year.
We recognized $