section entitled “Key Business Metrics—Free Cash Flow,” and “Key Business Metrics—Non-GAAP Consolidated Income from Operations” are not in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”). These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. We encourage investors to carefully consider our results under GAAP, as well as our supplemental non-GAAP results, to more fully understand our business.
Overview
ServiceNow was founded on a simple premise: to make work flow better. Our intelligent platform, the Now Platform, is a cloud-based solution that helps enterprises and organizations across public and private sectors digitize workflows, in line with our purpose of making the world work better for everyone. Our workflow applications built on the Now Platform are organized along four primary areas: Technology, CRM and Industry, Core Business and Creator. The Now Platform is the AI platform for digital transformation. Transformations enabled by the Now Platform rapidly automate business processes across an entire enterprise by seamlessly connecting disparate departments, systems and silos to unlock productivity and improve experiences for both employees and customers.
We are closely monitoring the ongoing conflicts in Russia/Ukraine and the Middle East. While these events are still evolving and the outcomes remain highly uncertain, we do not believe these conflicts will have a material impact on our business and results of operations. However, if the conflicts continue or worsen, leading to greater global economic disruptions and uncertainty, our business and results of operations could be materially impacted. Our customers in these regions represented an immaterial portion of our net assets as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and of our total consolidated revenues for each of the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
20
Table of Contents
Additionally, other macroeconomic events, including interest rates, global inflation and tariffs, have led to economic uncertainty in the global economy. To mitigate risk, our cash and cash equivalents are distributed across several large financial institutions and are not concentrated in one financial institution. We have not experienced any impact to our liquidity or to our current and projected business operations and financial condition due to recent macroeconomic events. Further, we have policy restrictions on the types of securities that can be purchased as part of our available-for-sale debt securities portfolio. These restrictions take industry and company concentration limits into consideration among other things. We will continue to monitor the direct and indirect impact of macroeconomic events on our