was $
723
million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The income tax benefit was primarily attributable to the release of the valuation allowance of certain U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. We regularly assess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. In making that assessment, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets to determine, based on the weight of available evidence, whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of June 30, 2023, we achieved cumulative U.S. income during the prior twelve quarters when considering pre-tax income adjusted for permanent differences and other comprehensive losses. Based on all available positive and negative evidence, having demonstrated sustained profitability which is objective and verifiable, and taking into account anticipated future earnings, we concluded it is more likely than not that our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets will be realizable, with the exception of California. We released $
1.05
billion of our valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we maintained a valuation allowance of $
220
million and $
196
million, respectively, against our California deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty regarding realizability of these deferred tax assets as they have not met the “more likely than not” realization criteria, particularly as we expect research and development tax credit generation to exceed our ability to use the credits in future years. We will continue to monitor the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis.
The $
98
million decrease in the 2022 valuation allowance was primarily attributable to a decrease in deferred tax assets related to the utilization of net operating losses.
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of total unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):
83
Table of Contents
As of December 31, 2024, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $
291
million, of which $
210
million would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties included in our liability related to unrecognized tax benefits were $
9
million and $
6
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced upon expiration of the applicable statutes of limitations. The potential reduction in unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months is not expected to be material. Interest and penalties accrued on these uncertain tax positions are recognized as income tax expense and will be released upon the expiration of the statutes of limitations. These amounts are also not material for any periods presented. Further,