foreign tax authorities. The estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is subject to management’s assessment of relevant risks, facts and circumstances existing at that time. To the extent the assessment of such tax position changes, we record the change in estimate in the period in which we make the determination.
Prior Period Reclassifications
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These reclassifications did not result in a restatement of prior period consolidated financial statements.
Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements
During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company identified an immaterial error in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the period ended March 31, 2024 relating to a misclassification between investing cash outflows and financing cash outflows. The second installment payment for a business combination completed during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, totaling $
184
million, was incorrectly classified as an investing cash outflow instead of a financing cash outflow. The Company determined that the error was not material to any previously issued financial statements and will revise such error in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ending March 31, 2025.
67
Table of Contents
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncement Adopted
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-07, “Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures,” which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. We adopted this standard effective January 1, 2024 using a retrospective method. For further information, refer to the Segments section in Note 2 “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Pending Adoption
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures: Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses,” which requires disclosure of disaggregated information about specific categories underlying certain income statement expense line items in the footnotes to the financial statements for both annual and interim periods. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, “Income Taxes - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures,” which requires enhancement and further transparency to certain income tax disclosures, most notably the tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 on either a prospective or