associated with climate change by establishing robust environmental programs as part of our ESG strategy, certain of those risks are inherent wherever business is conducted. Any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, our California headquarters have experienced, and may continue to experience, climate-related events at an
24
Table of Contents
increasing frequency and severity, including drought, water scarcity, heat waves, wildfires and air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with wildfires. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments and increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our customers and third-party suppliers and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations.
Risks Related to the Financial Performance or Financial Position of Our Business
Because we generally recognize revenues from our subscription service over the subscription term, a decrease in new subscriptions or renewals may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
We generally recognize revenues from customers ratably over the terms of their subscriptions. Net new annual contract value from new subscriptions and expansion contracts entered into during a period can generally be expected to generate revenues for the duration of the subscription term. As a result, a significant portion of the revenues we report in each period are derived from the recognition of deferred revenues relating to subscriptions entered into during previous periods. Consequently, a decrease in new or renewed subscriptions, expansion contracts in any single reporting period will have a limited impact on our revenues for that period, but they will negatively affect our operating results in future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenues through additional sales in any period, as revenues from new customers are generally recognized over the applicable subscription term. Also, our ability to adjust our cost structure in the event of a decrease in new or renewed subscriptions may be limited.
As our business grows, we expect our revenue growth rate to decline over the long term.
You should not rely on our prior revenue growth rate as an indication of our future revenue growth rate. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods, we expect the growth rate to decline over the long term due to increasing competition, a decrease in the growth rate of our overall market or other reasons. We also expect our costs to increase in future periods as we continue to invest in our strategic priorities, which may not result in a corresponding increase in revenues or growth in our business.
Changes in our effective tax rate or disallowance of our tax positions may adversely