while also reducing redundant manual tasks for service agents, thereby helping HR leaders drive productivity and operational efficiency. From payroll discrepancies to employee information updates, service agents can resolve issues faster with instant summaries of case topics, chat history, Virtual Agent interactions and previous resolutions. With Now Assist and prompts that use AI, organizations can quickly generate knowledge-based articles to deflect similar cases in the future and drive proactive employee behavior such as reminders, tasks and approvals.
Legal Service Delivery
Our Legal Service Delivery (“LSD”) product suite replaces individual legal requests received through email with automated workflows that not only allow practitioners to keep track of the status of requests but also provide them visibility into interconnected legal requests. In addition, LSD’s Virtual Agent feature can automate responses to common questions. Using LSD real-time reports and dashboards, organizations can make data-driven decisions, anticipate demand for legal services, and drive continuous improvement for a company’s legal department. LSD helps organizations increase practitioner productivity, reduce risk and accelerate business outcomes through more efficient legal operations. For example, the LSD product suite includes Contract Management Pro, which helps legal, procurement, sales and IT teams streamline contract lifecycle management through a self-service portal for contract intake requests, driving operational efficiency and reducing risk.
Now Assist for LSD, our AI solution, provides practitioners with auto-generated summaries of their legal requests and matters, thereby allowing them to more easily track and manage these workstreams.
Workplace Service Delivery
Our Workplace Service Delivery product helps organizations manage workplace services, facilities and real estate. With Workplace Service Delivery, companies can optimize their workspace with real-time analytics and indoor mapping capabilities, and can automate workplace requests, reservations and repairs, and track health and safety incidents to keep workplaces running smoothly.
Creator & Other Workflows
Creator Workflows help customers quickly build and manage cross-enterprise workflows with a low-code development experience that safely delivers agile services at scale and with features that allow customers to manage security and storage. As organizations digitally transform, they need to adapt faster with new processes and business models. This requires fast and agile execution with more automation delivered throughout an organization’s business processes. With Creator Workflows, citizen developers have access to pre-built templates, low-code tools and modular building blocks created by professional developers. We enable Creator Workflows through App Engine and Automation Engine, among other products.
App Engine
Our App Engine product empowers our customers’ employees to create enterprise-class