estimated future obligations consist of leases, various non-cancellable agreements with cloud service providers and an information technology equipment provider, purchase obligations, debt and unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2024. Refer to Note 17 “Commitments and Contingencies,” and Note 16 “Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes” to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information.
51
Table of Contents
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the Euro and British Pound Sterling. We are a net receiver of Euro and British Pound Sterling, and therefore benefit from a weakening of the U.S. Dollar relative to these currencies and, conversely, are adversely affected by a strengthening of the U.S. Dollar relative to these currencies. Revenues denominated in U.S. Dollar as a percentage of total revenues were 71% for each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and 72% for the year ended December 31, 2022.
A hypothetical 10% increase in the U.S. Dollar against other currencies would have resulted in a decrease in operating income of $150 million, $107 million and $75 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This analysis disregards the impact from the Company’s cash flow hedging program and possibilities that rates can move in opposite directions and that losses from one geographic area may be offset by gains from another geographic area.
To mitigate our risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of our net outstanding monetary assets, liabilities and forecasted foreign currency denominated revenues. These foreign currency forward contracts are intended to offset gains or losses related to remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities and to reduce foreign exchange impact on our forecasted revenues. Derivative contracts related to hedging of forecasted revenues are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. For contracts qualifying as cash flow hedges, the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. For contracts not designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes, the derivative’s gain or loss is recognized immediately in earnings within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
A sensitivity analysis performed on our cash flow hedge portfolio as of December 31, 2024 indicated that a hypothetical 10% depreciation of the U.S. Dollar from its value as of December 31, 2024 would decrease the fair value of our foreign currency contracts by $164 million.
These foreign currency forward contracts expose us to credit risk to