fully addressed by U.S. courts interpreting current and new laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of such technologies in our products and services may expose us to potential intellectual property claims; breach of a data license, software license, or website terms of service allegations; claimed violations of privacy rights; and other tort claims. If such laws or regulations require increased transparency, it may impair protection of our trade secrets or other IP.
23
Table of Contents
Our use of open-source software could harm our ability to sell our products and services and subject us to possible litigation.
Our products incorporate software licensed to us by third-party authors under open-source licenses, and we expect to continue to incorporate open-source software into our products and services in the future. We monitor our use of open-source software to avoid subjecting our products and services to adverse licensing conditions. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts have been or will be successful. There is little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of the terms of open-source licenses, and therefore the potential impact of these terms on our business is uncertain and enforcement of these terms may result in unanticipated obligations regarding our products and services. For example, depending on which open-source license governs certain open-source software included within our products and services, we may be subjected to conditions requiring us to offer our products and services to users at no cost; make available the source code for modifications and derivative works based upon, incorporating or using such open-source software; and license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open-source license. Moreover, if an author or other third party that distributes such open-source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal costs defending ourselves against such allegations, be subject to significant damages or be enjoined from distributing our products and services.
Various factors, including our customers’ business, integration, migration, compliance and security requirements, or errors by us, our partners, or our customers, may cause implementations of our products to be delayed, inefficient or otherwise unsuccessful.
Our business depends upon the successful implementation of our products by our customers either through us or our partners. Further, our customers’ business, integration, migration, compliance and security requirements, or errors by us, our partners, or our customers, or other factors may cause implementations to be delayed, inefficient or otherwise unsuccessful. As a result of these and other risks, we or our customers may incur significant implementation costs in connection with the purchase, implementation and enablement of our products. Some customer