gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; vGPU software for cloud-based visual and virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse Enterprise software for building and operating industrial AI and digital twin applications.
The “All Other” category includes the expenses that are not allocated to either Compute & Networking or Graphics for purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance. The expenses include stock-based compensation expense, corporate infrastructure and support costs, acquisition-related and other costs, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in nature.
Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. There are no intersegment transactions. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for our consolidated financial statements.
The table below presents details of our reportable segments and the “All Other” category.
78
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
(1)
Other segment items for the Compute & Networking and Graphics reportable segments primarily include product costs and inventory provisions, compensation and benefits excluding stock-based compensation expense, compute and infrastructure expenses, and engineering development costs.
Depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our Compute and Networking segment for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $
732
million, $
457
million, and $
377
million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our Graphics segment for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $
372
million, $
307
million, and $
315
million, respectively. Acquisition-related intangible amortization expense is not allocated to either Compute & Networking or Graphics for purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance and is included in “All Other”.
Revenue by geographic area is based upon the billing location of the customer. The end customer and shipping location may be different from our customer’s billing location.
(1) Singapore represented
18
% of fiscal year 2025 total revenue based upon customer billing location. Customers use Singapore to centralize invoicing while our products are almost always shipped elsewhere. Shipments to Singapore were less than
2
% of fiscal year 2025 total revenue.
Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for
53
%,
56
%, and
69
% of total revenue for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The increase in revenue to the United States for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 was primarily due to higher U.S.-based Compute & Networking segment demand.
We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We have certain customers that may