various other states and will begin to expire in fiscal year 2026. As of January 26, 2025, we had federal capital loss carryforwards of $
1.3
billion that will begin to expire in fiscal year 2028.
76
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Our tax attributes remain subject to audit and may be adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws, other authoritative interpretations thereof, or other facts and circumstances. Utilization of tax attributes may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and other limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the tax attributes may expire or be denied before utilization.
A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of January 26, 2025 are $
2
billion of tax benefits that would affect our effective tax rate if recognized.
We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term amount refundable, if we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes during a period beyond a year.
We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. We recognized net interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense line of our consolidated statements of income of $
92
million, $
42
million, and $
33
million during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, we have accrued $
251
million and $
140
million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of our gross unrecognized tax benefits.
While we believe that we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax authorities could be greater or less than our accrued position. Accordingly, our provisions on federal, state and foreign tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may change as revised estimates are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 26, 2025, we have not identified any positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.
We are subject to taxation by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 26, 2025, the significant tax jurisdictions that may be subject to examination include the United States for fiscal years after 2021, as well as China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom for fiscal years 2014 through 2024. As of January 26, 2025, the