Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Insider Trading Policy
The information required by Item 408(b) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the heading “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance.”
47
Table of Contents
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Information regarding our executive compensation required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions “Executive Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Director Compensation,” and “Compensation Committee Report,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities
Information regarding ownership of NVIDIA securities required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Information regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption "Equity Compensation Plan Information," and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions “Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance — Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Fees Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
48
Table of Contents
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
49
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVIDIA Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 26, 2025, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025, based on criteria