obligations reflect our commitment to purchase components used to manufacture our products, including long-term supply and capacity agreements, certain software and technology licenses, other goods and services and long-lived assets.
As of January 26, 2025, we had outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply and capacity obligations totaling $
30.8
billion, an increase from the prior year led by commitments, capacity and components for new product introductions, including our new Blackwell architecture. We enter into agreements with contract manufacturers that allow them to procure inventory based upon our defined criteria, and in certain instances, these agreements are cancellable, able to be rescheduled, or adjustable for our business needs prior to placing firm orders. Though, changes to these agreements may result in additional costs. Other non-inventory purchase obligations were $
14.3
billion, including $
10.9
billion of multi-year cloud service agreements. We expect our cloud service agreements to primarily be used to support our research and development efforts, as well as our DGX Cloud offerings.
72
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Total future purchase commitments as of January 26, 2025 are as follows:
Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities
The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $
1.3
billion and $
306
million as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively.
The estimated product returns and product warranty activity consisted of the following:
In fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 the additions in product warranty liabilities primarily related to Compute & Networking segment.
We have provided indemnities for matters such as tax, product, and employee liabilities. We have included intellectual property indemnification provisions in our technology-related agreements with third parties. Maximum potential future payments cannot be estimated because many of these agreements do not have a maximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liability in our Consolidated Financial Statements for such indemnifications.
Litigation
Securities Class Action and Derivative Lawsuits
The plaintiffs in the putative securities class action lawsuit, captioned 4:18-cv-07669-HSG, initially filed on December 21, 2018 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and titled In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation, filed an amended complaint on May 13, 2020. The amended complaint asserted that NVIDIA and certain NVIDIA executives violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 10b-5, by making materially false or misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand between May 10, 2017 and November 14, 2018. Plaintiffs also alleged that the NVIDIA executives who they named as defendants violated