operations. As of January 26, 2025, we had $43.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and share purchases. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance future capital requirements.
Our marketable securities consist of publicly-held equity securities, debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated corporations and financial institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly rated financial institutions. These marketable securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Except for approximately $1.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S., substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held outside the U.S. at the end of fiscal year 2025 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes.
Capital Return to Shareholders
On August 26, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an additional $50 billion to our share repurchase authorization, without expiration. In fiscal year 2025, we repurchased 310 million shares of our common stock for $34.0 billion. As of January 26, 2025, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase up to $38.7 billion of our common stock.
From January 27, 2025 through February 21, 2025, we repurchased 29 million shares for $3.7 billion pursuant to a pre-established trading plan. Our share repurchase program aims to offset dilution from shares issued to employees while maintaining adequate liquidity to meet our operating requirements. We may pursue additional share repurchases as we weigh market factors and other investment opportunities.
In fiscal year 2025, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $834 million. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our shareholders.
The U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 requires a 1% excise tax on certain share repurchases in excess of shares issued for employee compensation made after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is included in our share repurchase cost and was not material for fiscal years 2025 and 2024.
Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper Program
Our aggregate debt maturities as of January 26, 2025, by year payable, are as follows:
We have a $575 million commercial paper program to