graphics and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, AI, data science, autonomous vehicles, robotics, and 3D internet applications. Our two operating segments are "Compute & Networking" and "Graphics," as described in Note 14 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.
Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges
Demand and Supply
Revenue growth in the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 was driven by data center compute and networking platforms for accelerated computing and AI solutions. Demand for the Hopper architecture is strong and our H200 offering grew significantly in the quarter. We completed a successful mask change for Blackwell, our next Data Center architecture, that improved production yields. Blackwell production shipments are scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 and will continue to ramp into fiscal year 2026. We will be shipping both Hopper and Blackwell systems in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 and beyond. Both Hopper and Blackwell systems have certain supply constraints, and the demand for Blackwell is expected to exceed supply for several quarters in fiscal year 2026.
Demand estimates for our products, applications, and services can be incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We may not be able to generate significant revenue from them. Advancements in accelerated computing and generative AI models, along with the growth in model complexity and scale, have driven increased demand for our Data Center systems.
We continue to increase our supply and capacity purchases with existing and new suppliers to support our demand projections. With these additions, we have also entered and may continue to enter into prepaid manufacturing and capacity agreements to supply both current and future products. The increased purchase volumes and integration of new suppliers and contract manufacturers into our supply chain may create more complexity in managing multiple suppliers with variations in production planning, execution and logistics. Our expanding product portfolio and varying component compatibility and quality may lead to increased inventory levels. We have incurred and may in the future incur inventory
24
provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines.
Product Transitions and New Product Introductions
Product transitions are complex and we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously as our channel partners prepare to ship and support new products. We may be in various stages of transitioning the architectures of our Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization and Automotive