Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal as substantially all of our sales are in United States dollars and foreign currency forward contracts are used to offset movements of foreign currency exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in other income or expenses. The impact of foreign currency transaction gain or loss included in determining net income was not significant for fiscal years 2025 and 2024.
Sales and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject to exchange rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive, which could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies could result in our suppliers raising their manufacturing costs.
If the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been $136 million and $116 million lower, respectively. Change in value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be expected to offset a corresponding change in hedged forecasted foreign currency expenses when recognized.
If an adverse 10% foreign exchange rate change was applied to our balance sheet hedging contracts, it would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before taxes of $129 million and $60 million as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively. These changes in fair values would be offset in other income (expense), net by
45
Table of Contents
corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, assuming the hedge contracts fully cover the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities balances.
Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on their evaluation as of January 26, 2025, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit