results of operations, particularly demand for our products. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these macroeconomic factors can also impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs, employee wages, costs for capital equipment and value of our investments. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors.
Israel and Regional Conflicts
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 4,300 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact. A substantial number of our employees in the region have been called-up for active military duty in Israel. Some employees in Israel have been on active military duty for an extended period and may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We have not experienced significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended or expanded, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business.
Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2025 Summary
We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive.
Revenue was $35.1 billion, up 94% from a year ago and up 17% sequentially.
Data Center revenue was up 112% from a year ago and up 17% sequentially. The strong year-on-year and sequential growth was driven by demand for our Hopper computing platform for training and inferencing of large language models, recommendation engines, and generative AI applications. Cloud service providers represented approximately 50% of our Data Center revenue, and the remainder was represented by consumer internet and enterprise companies. Strong year-on-year growth was driven by all customer types from both compute and networking. Demand for the Hopper architecture is strong and our H200 offering grew significantly in the quarter. Data Center compute revenue was $27.6 billion, up 132% from a year ago and up 22% sequentially. Networking revenue was $3.1 billion, up 20% from a year ago driven by Ethernet for AI, which includes Spectrum-X end-to-end ethernet platform. Areas of sequential revenue growth include InfiniBand and Ethernet switches, SmartNICs, and BlueField DPUs. Though networking revenue was sequentially down 15%, networking demand is strong and growing.
Gaming