historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grant date. Our RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are discounted for the dividend yield.
Additionally, for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, we estimate expected forfeitures based on our historical forfeitures.
Equity Incentive Program
We grant RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity incentive plans. In addition, in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, we have assumed certain stock-based awards granted under their stock incentive plans and converted them into our RSUs.
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or as most recently amended and restated, the 2007 Plan.
The 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants. Only our employees may receive incentive stock options. We grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs under the 2007 Plan. As of January 26, 2025, up to
274
million shares of our common stock could be issued pursuant to stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan, and
1.4
billion shares were available for future grants.
63
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Subject to certain exceptions, RSUs vest generally over four years subject to continued service. PSUs vest over
four years
, subject to continued service and performance conditions. Market-based PSUs vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant subject to market conditions. However, the number of shares subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs that are eligible to vest is determined by the Compensation Committee based on achievement of pre-determined criteria.
Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In 2012, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or as most recently amended and restated, the 2012 Plan.
Employees who participate in the 2012 Plan may have up to
15
% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. Starting in March 2025, employees may have up to
25
% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. The Board may decrease this percentage at its discretion. Each offering period is about
24
months, divided into
four
purchase periods of
six months
. The price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to
85
% of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement date of each offering period or the fair market value of the common stock on each purchase date within the offering. As of January 26, 2025, we had
2.2