standalone selling price is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell a product or service separately, we determine standalone selling price based on market data and other observable inputs.
Results of Operations
A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com.
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue.
40
Table of Contents
Reportable Segments
Revenue by Reportable Segments
Operating Income by Reportable Segments
Compute & Networking revenue
– The year over year increase was due to strong demand for our accelerated computing and AI solutions. Revenue from Data Center computing grew 162% driven primarily by demand for our Hopper computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and generative AI applications. Revenue from Data Center networking grew 51% driven by Ethernet for AI revenue, which includes Spectrum-X end-to-end ethernet platform.
Graphics revenue
– The year over year increase was driven by sales of our GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs.
Reportable segment operating income
– The year over year increase in Compute & Networking segment operating income was driven by growth in revenue. The year over year decrease in Graphics segment operating income was driven by an increase of 44% in segment operating expenses, partially offset by growth in revenue.
All Other operating loss
– The year over year increase was due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense reflecting employee growth and compensation increases.
Concentration of Revenue
We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. We also have indirect customers, who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include CSPs, consumer internet companies, enterprises, and public sector entities.
Direct Customers
– Sales to direct customers which represented 10% or more of total revenue, all of which were primarily attributable to the Compute & Networking segment, are presented in the following table:
* Less than 10% of total revenue.
No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal year 2023.
41
Table of Contents
Indirect Customers
– Indirect