or the FDII deduction is reduced, our provision for income taxes, results of operations, net income, and cash flows would be adversely affected. In addition, our tax obligations and effective tax rate in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business could increase as a result of international tax developments, including the implementation of the Two-Pillar framework led by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, which involves the reallocation of taxing rights in respect of certain multinational enterprises above a fixed profit margin to the jurisdictions in which they carry on business (referred to as Pillar One), and imposes a minimum effective corporate tax rate (referred to as Pillar Two). A number of countries in which we conduct business have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, elements of the Pillar Two rules. Any such tax laws, or changes in any such tax laws may increase tax uncertainty and compliance costs and adversely affect our provision for income taxes, cash tax payments, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in our business or statutory rates, the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, available tax incentives, credits and deductions,
31
Table of Contents
the expiration of statutes of limitations, changes in accounting principles, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, the estimates of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and deferred tax asset valuation allowances, changing interpretation of existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for business combinations, as well as changes in the domestic or international organization of our business and structure. Furthermore, the tax effects of accounting for stock-based compensation and volatility in our stock price may significantly impact our effective tax rate in the period in which they occur. A decline in our stock price may result in reduced future tax benefits from stock-based compensation, increase our effective tax rate, and adversely affect our financial results.
Our business is exposed to the burden and risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings.
We currently and will likely continue to face legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings, claims, demands and/or investigations involving shareholder, consumer, competition and/or other issues relating to our business. For example, we are defending a securities class action lawsuit from multiple shareholders asserting claims that we and certain of our officers made false and/or misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand in 2017 and 2018. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings could occur, including monetary damages or fines, or an