for the first nine months, of fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The effective tax rate increased primarily due to a lower percentage of tax benefits from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction relative to the increase in income before income tax and a discrete benefit in fiscal year 2024 due to an IRS audit resolution.
Given our current and possible future earnings, we believe that we may release the valuation allowance associated with certain state deferred tax assets in the near term, which would decrease our income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. The timing and amount of the valuation allowance release could vary based on our assessment of all available information.
Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our investment policy requires the purchase of high-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio.
30
Cash provided by operating activities increased in the first nine months of fiscal year 2025 compared to the first nine months of fiscal year 2024 due to growth in revenue, partially offset by advanced payments on supply agreements. Our accounts receivable balance at the end of the first nine months of fiscal year 2025 reflects the strong revenue growth, partially offset by $1.7 billion from customer payments received prior to the invoice due date.
Cash used in investing activities increased in the first nine months of fiscal year 2025 compared to the first nine months of fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by net purchases of marketable securities, and purchase of land, property and equipment.
Cash used in financing activities increased in the first nine months of fiscal year 2025 compared to the first nine months of fiscal year 2024, mainly due to higher share repurchases and higher tax payments related to RSUs.
Liquidity
Our primary sources of liquidity include cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. As of October 27, 2024, we had $38.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months, and for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and share repurchases. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance future capital requirements.
Our marketable securities consist of publicly-held equity securities, debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated corporations and financial institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly rated financial institutions. Our corporate debt securities are publicly traded. These