revenue balance.
As of January 26, 2025, revenue related to remaining performance obligations from contracts greater than one year in length was $
1.7
billion, which includes $
1.6
billion from deferred revenue and $
151
million which has not yet been billed nor recognized as revenue. Approximately
39
% of revenue from contracts greater than one year in length will be recognized over the next
twelve months
.
Note 10 -
Derivative Financial Instruments
We utilize foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. The foreign currency forward contracts for operating expenses are designated as accounting hedges. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and reclassified to operating expense when the related operating expenses are recognized in earnings. In fiscal years 2025 and 2024, the impact of foreign currency forward contracts designated as accounting hedges on other comprehensive income or loss was not significant and all such instruments were determined to be highly effective.
We also entered into foreign currency forward contracts mitigating the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities. For our foreign currency contracts for assets and liabilities, the change in fair value of these non-designated contracts was recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which was also recorded in other income or expense.
The table below presents the notional value of our foreign currency contracts outstanding:
The unrealized gains and losses or fair value of our foreign currency contracts were not significant as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024.
As of January 26, 2025, all foreign currency contracts mature within
18
months. The expected realized gains and losses deferred into accumulated other comprehensive income or loss related to foreign currency forward contracts within the next twelve months were not significant.
71
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 11 -
Debt
Long-Term Debt
(1)    In fiscal year 2025, we repaid the
0.584
% Notes Due 2024.
Our notes are unsecured senior obligations. Existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the notes. Our notes pay interest semi-annually. We may redeem each of our notes prior to maturity, subject to a make-whole premium. The maturity of the notes is calendar year.
As of January 26, 2025, we complied with the required covenants, which are non-financial in nature, under the outstanding notes.
Commercial Paper
We have a $
575
million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of January 26, 2025, we had
no
commercial paper outstanding.
Note 12 -
Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
Our purchase