acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows and asset lives. These estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made. As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the measurement period's conclusion or final determination of the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred.
Non-Marketable Equity Securities
Non-marketable equity securities consist of investments in privately-held companies that do not have a readily determinable fair value. These investments are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, and are adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer, or the measurement alternative. Fair value is based upon observable inputs in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. All gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.
We assess whether an impairment loss has occurred on our investments in non-marketable equity securities, accounted for under the measurement alternative based on quantitative and qualitative factors. If any impairment is identified for non-marketable equity securities, we write down the investment to its fair value and record the corresponding charge through other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.
61
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued a new accounting standard requiring disclosures of significant expenses in operating segments. We adopted this standard in our fiscal year 2025 annual report. Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial