not significant for fiscal years 2024 and 2023.
Net realized gains on investments in publicly-held equity securities sold were $
88
million for fiscal year 2025, reflecting the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. Realized gains and losses on investments in publicly-held equity securities sold during fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were not significant.
66
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
The following tables provide the breakdown of unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual debt securities have been in a continuous loss position:
Gross unrealized losses are related to fixed income securities, driven primarily by changes in interest rates.
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities included in cash equivalents and marketable securities are shown below by contractual maturity.
67
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 8 -
Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities and Non-marketable Equity Securities
The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or market prices of similar assets from active markets. We review fair value classification on a quarterly basis.
(1)    Liabilities are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuance value, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs.
Non-marketable Equity Securities
Our non-marketable equity securities are recorded in long-term other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and valued under the measurement alternative. Gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.
68
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Adjustments to the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities during fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
Non-marketable equity securities had cumulative gross unrealized gains of $
1.1
billion and $
270
million, and cumulative gross unrealized losses and impairments of $
105
million and $
45
million on securities held as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, one of our private company investments completed a secondary equity transaction that resulted in an unrealized gain of $
565
million.
Note 9 -
Balance Sheet Components
We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to