applications and games, and a robust suite of development tools, RTX is already the AI PC leader.
Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW cloud gaming for playing PC games on underpowered devices, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles.
In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell GeForce RTX 50 Series family of desktop and laptop GPUs. The Blackwell architecture introduced neural graphics which combines AI models with traditional rendering to unlock a new era of graphics innovation. The RTX 50 Series also features the next generation of our DLSS technology powered for the first time by a transformer model architecture. Together these technologies help deliver up to a 2x leap in performance and stunning visual realism for PC gamers, developers, and creatives.
Professional Visualization
We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in many fields, such as design and manufacturing and digital content creation. Design and manufacturing encompass computer-aided design, architectural design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content creation includes professional video editing and post-production, special effects for films, and broadcast-television graphics. Additionally, the infusion of generative AI into an increasing number of applications is giving rise to the need for the enhanced AI processing capabilities of our RTX GPUs.
The NVIDIA RTX platform makes it possible to render film-quality, photorealistic objects and environments with physically accurate shadows, reflections and refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystem partners now support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs and software.
We offer NVIDIA Omniverse as a development platform and operating system for building and running virtual world simulation applications, available as a software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Industrial enterprises are adopting Omniverse’s 3D and simulation technologies to digitalize their complex physical assets, processes, and environments – building digital twins of factories, real time 3D product configurators, testing and validating autonomous robots and vehicles, powered by NVIDIA accelerated computing infrastructure on-premises and in the cloud.
6
Table of Contents
Automotive
Automotive is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving from the cloud to the car. Leveraging our technology leadership in AI and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-end solution for