income was primarily due to growth in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities.
Interest expense is comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes.
Other, net consists of realized or unrealized gains and losses from investments in non-marketable equity securities, publicly-held equity securities, and the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. The change in Other, net, compared to fiscal year 2024, was primarily driven by an increase in fair value of our non-marketable equity securities and publicly-held equity securities. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our non-marketable equity securities.
Income Taxes
Income tax expense was $11.1 billion and $4.1 billion for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. Income tax as a percentage of income before income tax was an expense of 13.3% and 12.0% for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The effective tax rate increased primarily due to higher pre-tax income and a prior year discrete benefit due to an audit resolution.
Our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to tax benefits from the FDII deduction, stock-based compensation, the U.S. federal research tax credit, and income earned in jurisdictions that are subject to taxes at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 was additionally benefited by the audit resolution.
Given our current and possible future earnings, we believe that we may release the valuation allowance associated with certain state deferred tax assets in the near term, which would decrease our income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. The timing and amount of the valuation allowance release could vary based on our assessment of all available information.
Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio.
43
Table of Contents
Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, due to growth in revenue.
Cash used in investing activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by net purchases of marketable securities, and purchase of land, property and equipment.
Cash used in financing activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, mainly due to higher share repurchases and higher tax payments related to RSUs.
Liquidity
Our primary sources of liquidity include cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated by our