income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities includes accrued interest. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are determined using the specific-identification method and recorded in the Other income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Available-for-sale debt securities are subject to impairment review. If the estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt securities is less than its amortized cost basis, we determine if the difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses and write-down the amortized cost basis of the securities if it is more likely than not we will be required or we intend to
59
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in the Other income (expense), net section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Publicly-held equity securities have readily determinable fair values with changes in fair value recorded in Other income (expense), net.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their relatively short maturities as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024. Marketable debt and equity securities are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For fair value hedges, the gains or losses are recognized in earnings in the periods of change together with the offsetting losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged. For derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income or loss and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments not designated as accounting hedges, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable securities, and accounts receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment type and credit exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio maturities. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific customers