leases have a weighted average remaining lease term of
6.5
years and a weighted average discount rate of
4.15
%. As of January 28, 2024, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of
6.1
years and a weighted average discount rate of
3.76
%.
Note 3 -
Stock-Based Compensation
Stock-based compensation expense is associated with restricted stock units, or RSUs, performance stock units, or PSUs, that are based on our corporate financial performance targets, market-based PSUs that are performance stock units based on our performance compared to market performance, and the employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income include stock-based compensation expense, net of amounts capitalized into inventory and subsequently recognized to cost of revenue, as follows:
10
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(Unaudited)
Equity Award Activity
The following is a summary of our equity award transactions under our equity incentive plans:
As of October 27, 2024, aggregate unearned stock-based compensation expense was $
12.4
billion, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
2.3
years for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, and
one year
for ESPP.
Note 4 -
Net Income Per Share
The following is a reconciliation of the denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented:
(1)    Net income divided by basic weighted average shares.
(2)    Net income divided by diluted weighted average shares.
Diluted net income per share was computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period, using the treasury stock method.
Note 5 -
Income Taxes
Income tax expense was $
3.0
billion and $
1.3
billion for the third quarter, and $
8.0
billion and $
2.2
billion for the first nine months, of fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. The income tax expense as a percentage of income before income
11
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(Unaudited)
tax was
13.5
% and
12.2
% for the third quarter, and
13.6
% and
11.3
% for the first nine months, of fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The effective tax rate increased primarily due to a lower percentage of tax benefits from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction relative to the increase in income before income tax and a discrete benefit in fiscal year 2024 due to an IRS audit resolution.
Effective tax rates for the first nine months of fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due to tax benefits from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction, stock-based compensation, the U.S. federal research tax credit, and income earned in jurisdictions that are subject to taxes lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate.
Given our current and possible future earnings, we believe