in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. For example, our solution architects work with CSPs to provide pre-sales assistance to enable our customers to optimize their hardware and software infrastructure for generative AI and LLM training and deployment. They also work with foundation model and enterprise software developers to enable our customers to optimize the training and fine-tuning of their models and services, and with enterprise end-users, often in collaboration with their global system integrator of choice, to fine-tune models and build AI applications. We believe that the depth and quality of our design support are key to improving our partner network’s time-to-market, maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction, and fostering relationships that encourage our customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products within each platform.
To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in the software development community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as well as to ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program supports the development of AI frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for software applications and game titles that are optimized for our platforms. Our Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in industries and organizations around the world to build AI and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms.
Seasonality
Our computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as data centers, gaming, professional visualization, and automotive. Our desktop gaming products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. Historical seasonality trends may not repeat.
Manufacturing
We utilize a fabless and contracting manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ and partner with key suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. We use the expertise of industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with owning and operating manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such as memory, substrates, and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most raw materials used in the production of our products. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, quality assurance, marketing, and customer support. In periods
8
Table of Contents
of growth, we may place non-cancellable inventory orders