effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products (removing the grace period granted by the official rule). Blackwell systems, such as GB200 NVL 72 and NVL 36 as well as B200 are also subject to these requirements and therefore require a license for any shipment to certain entities and to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5, excluding Israel. To date, we have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China.
On January 15, 2025, the USG published the “AI Diffusion” IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR will, unless modified, impose a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. Any system that incorporates one or more of the covered integrated circuits, or ICs, (including but not limited to NVIDIA DGX, HGX, and MGX systems) will be covered by the new licensing requirement. The licensing requirement will include future NVIDIA ICs, boards, or systems classified with ECCN 3A090.a or 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, achieving certain total processing performance and/or performance density.
Unless a license exception is available, the worldwide licensing requirements will apply to the following NVIDIA products, and any others we develop that meet the characteristics of 3A090.a or 4A090.a, including but not limited to: A100, A800, H100, H200, H800, B100, B200, GB200, L4, L40S, and RTX 6000 Ada.
The AI Diffusion IFR would divide the world into three tiers, relegating most countries to “Tier 2” status. The AI Diffusion IFR would confer special benefits on select “Universal Verified End Users”, or UVEU, and lesser benefits on “National Verified End Users”, or NVEU. The AI Diffusion IFR would have numerous effects that may negatively impact our long-term financial results and competitive position, including but not limited to the following.
The AI Diffusion IFR would reduce the market for U.S.-designed and manufactured computing products and services, by expressly limiting exports, reexports, and transfers of covered products to Tier 2 countries and companies in Tier 1 countries that are either headquartered in Tier 2, or have an ultimate parent headquartered in a Tier 2 country. These restrictions would apply to all covered products, including products sold years ago.
The AI Diffusion IFR would limit access to the market for IT services and computing infrastructure, by favoring a select number of government-approved firms that achieve UVEU status. UVEUs may choose to favor their own accelerators, platforms, and systems, rather than selecting products based on merit.
The AI Diffusion IFR would encourage our customers to invest in alternatives that are not affected by USG regulations, including foreign competition.
The AI Diffusion IFR would increase our and our customers’ costs of doing business,