Requirements and Other Obligations
Unrecognized tax benefits were $1.9 billion, which includes related interest and penalties of $215 million recorded in non-current income tax payable as of October 27, 2024. We are unable to estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
Other than the contractual obligations described above, there were no material changes outside the ordinary course of business in our contractual obligations from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024. Refer to Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024 for a description of our contractual obligations. For a description of our operating lease obligations, long-term debt, and purchase obligations, refer to Notes 2, 11, and 12 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, respectively.
Climate Change
To date, there has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, costs from sourcing renewable energy or climate-related business trends.
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
There has been no adoption of any new and recently issued accounting pronouncements.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Investment and Interest Rate Risk
Financial market risks related to investment and interest rate risk are described in Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024. As of October 27, 2024, there have been no material changes to the financial market risks described as of January 28, 2024.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
The impact of foreign currency transactions related to foreign exchange rate risk is described in Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024. As of October 27, 2024, there have been no material changes to the foreign exchange rate risks described as of January 28, 2024.
32
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on their evaluation as of October 27, 2024, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we