that have unintended consequences, infringe copyright or rights of publicity, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment or other social, economic or political issues, or if we are unable to develop effective internal policies and frameworks relating to the responsible development and use of AI models and systems offered through our sales channels, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Leveraging AI capabilities to potentially improve our internal functions and operations may present further risks, costs, and challenges. Complying with multiple regulations from different jurisdictions related to AI may further increase our cost of doing business, may change the way that we operate in certain jurisdictions, and may impede our ability to offer certain products and services in certain jurisdictions if we are unable to comply with regulations. Compliance with existing and proposed government regulation of AI, including in jurisdictions such as the European Union, may further increase the cost of related research and development, and create additional reporting and/or transparency requirements. For example, regulation adopted in response to the European Union Code of Practice for General Purpose Artificial Intelligence could require us to notify the European Commission regarding details of some of our Trustworthy AI processes related to our risk framework. Furthermore, changes in AI-related regulation could disproportionately impact and disadvantage us and require us to change our business practices, which may negatively impact our financial results. Our failure to adequately address concerns and regulations relating to the responsible use of AI by us or others could undermine public confidence in AI and slow adoption of AI in our products and services or cause reputational or financial harm.
Actions to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products.
From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement or other IP rights violations by us, our employees or parties that we have agreed to indemnify. An unfavorable ruling could include significant damages, invalidation of one or more patents, indemnification of third parties, payment of lost profits, or injunctive relief. Claims that our products or processes infringe the IP rights of others, regardless of their merit, could
29
Table of Contents
cause us to incur significant costs to respond to, defend, and resolve such claims, and they may also divert the efforts and attention of management and technical personnel.
We may commence legal proceedings to protect our IP rights, which may increase our operating expenses. We could be subject to countersuits as a result. If infringement claims are made against us or our products