targets probable of achievement. We estimate the fair value of shares to be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement of an offering period in March and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally, for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, we estimate expected forfeitures based on our historical forfeitures.
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs
We currently, are, and will likely continue to be subject to claims, litigation, and other actions, including potential regulatory proceedings, involving patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payments or judgments. If information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation,
58
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
investigations or settlements is probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, which could require us to record additional costs. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss.
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
We use the U.S. dollar as our functional currency for our subsidiaries. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment and equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those expenses related to non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date have not been significant.
Income Taxes
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on