launch more automated, targeted and coordinated attacks. Due to geopolitical conflicts and during times of war or other major conflicts, we and the third parties we rely upon may be subject to a heightened risk of cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our ability to provide services and products. We may also face cybersecurity threats due to error or intentional misconduct by employees, contractors or other third-party service providers. Certain aspects of effective cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees, contractors and/or other third-party service providers safeguarding our sensitive information and adhering to our security policies and access control mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, security incidents arising from a failure to properly handle sensitive information or adhere to our security policies and access control mechanisms, including, for example, employees posting company data on third-party websites without permission, and, although no such events have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat or error will not result in an incident that is material to us or lead to negative publicity. Furthermore, we rely on products and services provided by third-party suppliers to operate certain critical business systems, including without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other functions, which exposes us to
20
Table of Contents
supply-chain attacks or other business disruptions. We cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our partners’ supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable vulnerabilities, defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems, including our products and services, or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. We have incorporated third-party data into some of our AI models and used open-source datasets to train our models and may continue to do so. These datasets may be flawed, insufficient, or contain certain biased information, and may otherwise decrease resilience to security incidents that may compromise the integrity of our AI outputs, leading to potential reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny, or adverse impacts on the performance and reliability of our products, which could, in turn, affect our partners' operations, customer trust, and our revenue. We may have limited insight into the data privacy or security practices of third-party suppliers, including for our AI algorithms. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is limited, and they may not have adequate information security measures in place. In addition, if one of our third-party suppliers suffers a security incident (which has happened in the past and may happen in the future), our response may be