months of fiscal year 2025 was primarily driven by growth in revenue.
All Other operating loss
– The year over year increase in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal year 2025 was due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense reflecting employee growth and compensation increases.
Concentration of Revenue
Revenue by geographic region is designated based on the billing location even if the revenue may be attributable to indirect customers, such as enterprises and gamers in a different location. Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 58% and 65% of total revenue for the third quarter, and 55% and 62% of total revenue for the first nine months, of fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as add-in board manufacturers, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. We also have indirect customers, who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include cloud service providers, consumer internet companies, enterprises, and public sector entities.
Sales to direct customers which represented 10% or more of total revenue, all of which were primarily attributable to the Compute & Networking segment, are presented in the following table:
* Less than 10% of total revenue
The customer references of A-D above may represent different customers than those reported in a previous period.
For the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal year 2025, an indirect customer which primarily purchases our products through system integrators and distributors, including through Customer C, is estimated to represent 10% or more of total revenue, attributable to the Compute & Networking segment.
28
Indirect customer revenue is an estimation based upon multiple factors including customer purchase order information, product specifications, internal sales data and other sources. Actual indirect customer revenue may differ from our estimates.
We have experienced periods where we receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, and this trend may continue.
Gross Profit and Gross Margin
Gross profit consists of total net revenue less cost of revenue.
Gross margins increased to 74.6% for the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 compared to 74.0% for the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, due to a higher mix of Data Center revenue. Gross margins increased to 75.8% for the first nine months of fiscal year 2025 compared to 70.9% for the first nine months of fiscal year 2024, primarily due to higher mix of Data Center revenue.
Provisions for inventory and excess inventory purchase obligations totaled $865 million and $2.2 billion for the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal year 2025, respectively. Sales of