quarter, and $
1.3
billion and $
734
million for the first nine months, of fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively, in cost of revenue.
(2)    Includes customer advances and unearned revenue related to hardware support, software support, cloud services, and license and development arrangements. The balance as of October 27, 2024 and January 28, 2024 included $
101
million and $
233
million of customer advances, respectively.
16
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(Unaudited)
(1)    Income tax payable is comprised of the long-term portion of the one-time transition tax payable, unrecognized tax benefits, and related interest and penalties.
(2)    Includes unearned revenue related to hardware support, software support and cloud services.
Deferred Revenue
The following table shows the changes in short- and long-term deferred revenue during the first nine months of fiscal years 2025 and 2024:
We recognized revenue of $
585
million and $
256
million in the first nine months of fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively, that were included in the prior year end deferred revenue balances.
As of October 27, 2024, revenue related to remaining performance obligations from contracts greater than one year in length was $
1.6
billion, which includes $
1.4
billion from deferred revenue and $
187
million which has not yet been billed nor recognized as revenue. Approximately
37
% of revenue from contracts greater than one year in length will be recognized over the next
twelve months
.
Note 10 -
Derivative Financial Instruments
We utilize foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. The foreign currency forward contracts for operating expenses are designated as cash flow hedges. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and reclassified to operating expense when the related operating expenses are recognized in earnings or ineffectiveness should occur.
We also entered into foreign currency forward contracts mitigating the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities. For our foreign currency contracts for assets and liabilities, the change in fair value of these non-designated contracts was recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which was also recorded in other income or expense.
The table below presents the notional value of our foreign currency contracts outstanding:
The unrealized gains and losses or fair value of our foreign currency contracts were not significant as of October 27, 2024 and January 28, 2024.
17
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(Unaudited)
As of October 27, 2024, all designated foreign currency contracts mature within
18
months and any