are also subject to these requirements and therefore require a license for any shipment to certain entities and to China and Country Groups D1, D4 and D5, excluding Israel. To date, we have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China. Additionally, we understand that partners and customers have also not received a license to ship these restricted products.
We expanded our Data Center product portfolio to offer new solutions, including those for which the USG does not require a license or advance notice before each shipment. We ramped new products designed specifically for China that do not require an export control license. Our Data Center revenue in China grew in fiscal year 2025. As a percentage of total Data Center revenue, it remains well below levels seen prior to the onset of export controls in October 2023. The market in China for datacenter solutions remains competitive. We will continue to comply with export controls while serving our customers. To the extent that a customer requires products covered by the licensing requirements, we may seek a license for the customer but have no assurance that the USG will grant such a license, or that the USG will act on the license application in a timely manner or at all.
On January 15, 2025, the USG published the “AI Diffusion” IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR will, unless modified, impose a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. Any system that incorporates one or more of the covered integrated circuits, or ICs, (including but not limited to NVIDIA DGX, HGX, and MGX systems) will be covered by the new licensing requirement. The licensing requirement will include future NVIDIA ICs, boards, or systems classified with ECCN 3A090.a or 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, achieving certain total processing performance and/or performance density.
Unless a license exception is available, the worldwide licensing requirements will apply to the following NVIDIA products, and any others we develop that meet the characteristics of 3A090.a or 4A090.a, including but not limited to: A100, A800, H100, H200, H800, B100, B200, GB200, L4, L40S, and RTX 6000 Ada.
Our competitive position has been harmed by the existing export controls, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long term, if there are further changes in the USG’s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may