unspecified damages and other relief, including reforms and improvements to NVIDIA’s corporate governance and internal procedures.
The putative derivative actions initially filed September 24, 2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Lipchitz v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-MN) and Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798-MN), were stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 5, 2025, after the Supreme Court issued its judgment dismissing the Company’s petition for writ of certiorari as improvidently granted in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action, the district court extended the stay for
30
days while the parties discuss next steps and ordered the parties to file a joint status report by March 7, 2025. The lawsuits assert claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, insider trading, misappropriation of information, corporate waste and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false, and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governance measures.
Another putative derivative action was filed on October 30, 2023 in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Horanic v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 2023-1096-KSJM). This lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty and insider trading based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and reform of unspecified corporate governance measures. This derivative matter is stayed pending the final resolution of In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies
As of January 26, 2025, there are no accrued contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based on our belief that liabilities, while reasonably possible, are not probable. Further, any possible loss or range of loss in these matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of business and, while there can be no assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position.
74
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries