support general corporate purposes. As of January 26, 2025, we had no commercial paper outstanding.
44
Table of Contents
Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.
Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations
For a description of our long-term debt, purchase obligations, and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 11, Note 12, and Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively.
During fiscal year 2025 and fiscal year 2024, we spent $3.4 billion and $1.1 billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase capital expenditures in fiscal year 2026 relative to fiscal year 2025 to support the future growth of our business.
Unrecognized tax benefits of $2.2 billion, which includes related interest and penalties of $251 million, were recorded in non-current income tax payable at the end of fiscal year 2025. We are unable to estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.
Climate Change
To date, there has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, costs from sourcing renewable energy or climate-related business trends.
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of adoption of new and recently issued accounting pronouncements.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Investment and Interest Rate Risk
We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate investment portfolio and outstanding debt. The investment portfolio is managed consistent with our overall liquidity strategy in support of both working capital needs and growth of our businesses.
As of the end of fiscal year 2025, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolio. According to our analysis, parallel shifts in the yield curve of plus or minus 0.5% would result in a change in fair value for these investments of $238 million.
As of the end of fiscal year 2025, we had $8.5 billion of senior Notes outstanding. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized discount on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.