unrealized gains and losses were not significant.
During the first nine months of fiscal years 2025 and 2024, the impact of derivative financial instruments designated for cash flow hedges was not significant and the instruments were determined to be highly effective.
Note 11 -
Debt
Long-Term Debt
(1) We repaid the
0.584
% Notes Due 2024 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025.
Our notes are unsecured senior obligations. Existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the notes. Our notes pay interest semi-annually. We may redeem each of our notes prior to maturity, as defined in the applicable form of note. The maturity of the notes is calendar year.
As of October 27, 2024, we complied with the required covenants, which are non-financial in nature, under the outstanding notes.
Commercial Paper
We have a $
575
million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of October 27, 2024, we had
no
commercial paper outstanding.
Note 12 -
Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
Our purchase obligations reflect our commitment to purchase components used to manufacture our products, including long-term supply and capacity agreements, certain software and technology licenses, other goods and services and long-lived assets.
As of October 27, 2024, we had outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply and capacity obligations totaling $
28.9
billion, an increase from the prior year primarily due to commitments for Blackwell capacity and components. We enter into agreements with contract manufacturers that allow them to procure inventory based upon our defined criteria, and in certain instances, these agreements are cancellable, able to be rescheduled, or adjustable for our business needs prior to placing firm orders. Though, changes to these agreements may result in additional costs. Other non-inventory purchase obligations were $
13.2
billion, including $
11.3
billion of multi-year cloud service agreements. We expect our cloud service agreements to primarily be used to support our research and development efforts, as well as our DGX Cloud offerings.
18
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(Unaudited)
Total future purchase commitments as of October 27, 2024 are as follows:
Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities
The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $
1.0
billion and $
306
million as of October 27, 2024 and January 28, 2024, respectively.
The estimated product returns and product warranty activity consisted of the following:
We have provided indemnities for matters such as tax, product, and employee liabilities. We have included intellectual property indemnification provisions in our technology-related agreements with third parties. Maximum potential future payments cannot be estimated because many of these agreements do not have a maximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liability in our