future unspecified software updates and upgrades. Revenue from software licenses is recognized up front when the software is made available to the customer. Software support revenue is recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed.
Cloud Services
Cloud services, which allow customers to use hosted software and hardware infrastructure without taking possession of the software or hardware, are provided on a subscription basis or a combination of subscription plus usage. Revenue related to subscription-based cloud services is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to cloud services based on usage is recognized as usage occurs. Cloud services are typically sold on a standalone basis, but certain offerings may be sold with hardware and/or software and related support.
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts may contain more than one of the products and services listed above, each of which is separately accounted for as a distinct performance obligation. We account for multiple agreements with a single customer as a single contract if the contractual terms and/or substance of those agreements indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single contract.
We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an arrangement with multiple performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price reflects the price we would charge for a specific product or service if it were sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. When determining standalone selling price, we maximize the use of observable inputs.
Product Warranties
We offer a limited warranty to end-users ranging from
one
to
three years
for products to repair or replace products for manufacturing defects or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at the point of revenue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products. We also accrue for known warranty and indemnification issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
Stock-based Compensation
We use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restricted stock units, or RSUs, and performance stock units, or PSUs, that are based on our corporate financial performance targets. We use a Monte Carlo simulation on the date of grant to estimate the fair value of PSUs that are based on our stock performance compared to market performance, or market-based PSUs. The compensation expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line attribution method over the requisite employee service period while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortization model based on performance