restricted and may continue in the future to restrict business with the State of Israel, where we have engineering, sales support operations and manufacturing, and companies with Israeli operations, including by economic boycotts. Our operations could be harmed and our costs could increase if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations are disrupted for any reason, including natural disasters, high heat events, water shortages, power shortages, information technology system failures or cyber-attacks, military actions or economic, and business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues. The ultimate impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers of being located and consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In the event a disaster, war, or catastrophic event affects us, the third-party systems on which we rely, or our customers, our business could be harmed as a result of declines in revenue, increases in expenses, and substantial expenditures and time spent to fully resume operations. Our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. All of these risks and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results.
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 4,700 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Some of our employees in the region have been on active military duty for an extended period and may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We have not experienced significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended or expanded, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business.
Additionally, interruptions or delays in services from CSPs, data center co-location partners, and other third parties on which we rely, including due to the events described above or other events such as the insolvency of these parties, could impair our ability to provide our products and services and harm our business. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems and services, our exposure to damage from service interruptions, defects, disruptions, outages, shortages and other performance and quality problems may increase. Data centers depend on access to clean water and predictable energy. Power or water shortages, land or permitting constraints, or regulations that limit energy, water, or land availability, could impair the ability of our customers to expand their data center capacity and consume our products and services, which may in turn negatively impact our business.
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact