customer revenue is an estimation based upon multiple factors including customer purchase order information, product specifications, internal sales data, and other sources. Actual indirect customer revenue may differ from our estimates. For fiscal year 2025, an indirect customer which primarily purchases our products through system integrators and distributors, including through Direct Customer B, is estimated to represent 10% or more of total revenue, attributable to the Compute & Networking segment.
We have experienced periods where we receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, and this trend may continue.
Revenue by geographic region is designated based on the billing location even if the revenue may be attributable to indirect customers in a different location. Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 53% and 56% of total revenue for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Gross Profit and Gross Margin
Gross profit consists of total net revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and component costs, tariffs, and shipping costs. Cost of revenue also includes acquisition-related intangible amortization expense, costs for license and development and service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock-based compensation related to personnel associated with manufacturing operations.
Gross margins increased to 75.0% in fiscal year 2025 from 72.7% in fiscal year 2024. The year over year increase was primarily driven by a higher mix of Data Center revenue.
Provisions for inventory and excess inventory purchase obligations totaled $3.7 billion and $2.2 billion for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. Sales of previously reserved inventory and settlements of excess inventory purchase obligations resulted in a provision release of $689 million and $540 million for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. The net effect on our gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 2.3% and 2.7% in fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Operating Expenses
The increases in research and development expenses for fiscal year 2025 were driven by a 32% increase in compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases, a 100% increase in compute and infrastructure, and a 234% increase in engineering development costs for new product introductions.
The increases in sales, general and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2025 were primarily driven by compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases.
42
Table of Contents
Other Income (Expense), Net
The increase in interest