tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue Allowances
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to reflect our estimated exposure for product returns. Return rights for certain stocking distributors for specific products are contractually limited based on a percentage of prior quarter shipments. For shipments to other customers, we do not allow returns, although we may approve returns for credit or refund based on applicable facts and circumstances.
We account for customer programs, which involve rebates and marketing development funds, or MDFs, as a reduction in revenue and accrue for such programs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. Certain customer programs include distributor price incentives or other channel programs for specific products and customer classes which require judgement as to whether the applicable incentives will be attained. Estimates for customer program accruals include a combination of historical attainment and claim rates and may be adjusted based on relevant internal and external factors.
License and Development Arrangements
Revenue from License and Development Arrangements is recognized over the period in which the development services are performed. Each fiscal reporting period, we measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost required to complete each project. Estimated total cost for each project includes a forecast of internal engineer personnel time expected to be incurred and other third-party costs as applicable.
39
Table of Contents
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts may contain more than one performance obligation. Judgement is required in determining whether each performance obligation within a customer contract is distinct. Except for License and Development Arrangements, NVIDIA products and services function on a standalone basis and do not require a significant amount of integration or interdependency. Therefore, multiple performance obligations contained within a customer contract are considered distinct and are not combined for revenue recognition purposes.
We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an arrangement with multiple performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. In certain cases, we can establish standalone selling price based on directly observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. If