and administrative purposes throughout the U.S. and in various international locations, primarily in China, India, Israel, and Taiwan. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. We do not identify or allocate assets by operating segment. For additional information regarding obligations under leases, refer to Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Please see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our legal proceedings.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of our common stock began on January 22, 1999. Prior to that, there was no public market for our common stock. As of February 21, 2025, we had approximately 842 registered shareholders, not including those shares held in street or nominee name.
In May 2024, we announced a ten-for-one stock split, or the Stock Split, of our issued common stock, which was effected through the filing of an amendment to the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or the Amendment, with the Secretary of the State of Delaware. In June 2024, the Company filed the Amendment to effect the Stock Split and proportionately increased the number of shares of the Company’s authorized common stock from 8.0 billion to 80.0 billion. Shareholders of record at the close of market on June 6, 2024 received nine additional shares of common stock, distributed after the close of market on June 7, 2024. All share, equity award and per share amounts presented herein have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
On August 26, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an additional $50 billion to our share repurchase authorization, without expiration. In fiscal year 2025, we repurchased 310 million shares of our common stock for $34.0 billion. As of January 26, 2025, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase up to $38.7 billion of our common stock.
The repurchases can be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or in structured share repurchase agreements in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, subject to
33
Table of Contents
market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other factors. Our share repurchase program may be suspended at any time at our discretion.
In fiscal year 2025, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $834 million. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board of