See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
55
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In millions)
See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
56
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 -
Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Our Company
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Certain prior fiscal year balances have been reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation.
In June 2024, we executed a ten-for-one stock split of our common stock. All share, equity award, and per share amounts and related shareholders' equity balances presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split.
Fiscal Year
We operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 were all 52-week years.
Principles of Consolidation
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to accounts receivable, cash equivalents and marketable securities, goodwill, income taxes, inventories and product purchase commitments, investigation and settlement costs, litigation, non-marketable equity securities, other contingencies, property, plant, and equipment, restructuring and other charges, revenue recognition, and stock-based compensation. These estimates are based on historical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable.
Revenue Recognition
We derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing, and cloud services. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract (where revenue is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling