Sustainability and Governance
NVIDIA invents computing technologies that improve lives and address global challenges. Our goal is to integrate sound environmental, social, and corporate governance principles and practices into every aspect of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our practices related to sustainability and corporate governance. We assess our programs annually in consideration of stakeholder expectations, market trends, and business risks and opportunities. These issues are important for our continued business success and reflect the topics of highest concern to NVIDIA and our stakeholders.
The following section and the Human Capital Management Section below provide an overview of our principles and practices. More information can be found on our website and in our annual Sustainability Report. Information contained on our website or in our annual Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of risks and uncertainties we face related to sustainability.
Climate Change
In the area of environmental sustainability, we work to address our climate impacts across our product lifecycle and assess related risks, including current and emerging regulations and market impacts.
In May 2024, we published metrics related to our environmental impact for fiscal year 2024. Fiscal year 2025 metrics are expected to be published in the first half of fiscal year 2026. There has been no material impact to our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position associated with global environmental sustainability regulations, compliance, or costs from sourcing renewable energy. We committed to purchase or generate enough renewable energy to match 100% of our global electricity usage for offices and data centers under our operational control starting with our fiscal year 2025. In fiscal year 2024, we made progress towards this goal and increased the percentage of our electricity use matched by renewable energy to 76%. By the end of fiscal year 2026, we also aim to engage manufacturing suppliers comprising at least 67% of NVIDIA’s scope 3 category 1 GHG emissions with the goal of effecting supplier adoption of science-based targets.
Whether it is creation of technology to power next-generation laptops or designs to support high-performance supercomputers, improving energy efficiency is important in our research, development, and design processes. GPU-accelerated computing is inherently more energy efficient than traditional computing for many workloads because it is optimized for throughput, performance per watt, and certain AI workloads. We continue to have a strong presence on the Green500 list of the most energy-efficient systems—we powered 8 of the top 10 most energy efficient