customers to use some of our data center products and may have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Further restrictions on our products or the products of our suppliers could negatively impact our business and financial results.
Finally, our business depends on our ability to receive consistent and reliable supply from our overseas partners, especially in Taiwan and South Korea. Any new restrictions that negatively impact our ability to receive supply of components, parts, or services from Taiwan and South Korea, would negatively impact our business and financial results.
Increased scrutiny from shareholders, regulators and others regarding our corporate sustainability practices could result in additional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with us.
Certain shareholder advocacy groups, investment funds, shareholders and other market participants, customers and government regulators have focused on corporate sustainability practices and disclosures, including those associated with climate change and human rights. Stakeholders may not be satisfied with our corporate sustainability practices and goals or the speed of their adoption. Further, there are state-level initiatives in the U.S. that may differ from other regulatory requirements or our various stakeholders’ expectations. Additionally, our corporate sustainability practices, oversight of our practices or disclosure controls may not meet evolving shareholder, regulator or other industry stakeholder expectations, or we may fail to meet corporate sustainability disclosure or reporting standards or legal requirements. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with various corporate sustainability practices and legal requirements, choose not to conduct business with potential customers and suppliers, or discontinue or not expand business with existing customers and suppliers due to our policies. These factors and increased disclosure may negatively harm our brand, reputation and business activities or expose us to liability.
Issues relating to the responsible use of our technologies, including AI in our offerings, may result in reputational or financial harm and liability.
Concerns relating to the responsible use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, in our products and services may result in reputational or financial harm and liability and may cause us to incur costs to resolve such issues. We are increasingly building AI capabilities and protections into many of our products and services, and we also offer stand-alone AI applications. AI poses emerging legal, social, and ethical issues and presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, such as AI solutions