as one of the key risk categories we face.
We believe that Oracle is a target for computer hackers, cyber threats and other bad actors because our products and services store, retrieve, process and manage large amounts of data, including sensitive data. We and our vendors are regularly subject to attempts by third parties to identify and exploit product and service vulnerabilities, penetrate or bypass our security measures and gain unauthorized access to our or our customers’, partners’ and suppliers’ software, hardware and cloud offerings, networks and systems. During fiscal 2024, we did not identify any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, if a cyberattack or other security incident results in unauthorized access to or modification or exfiltration of our customers’ or suppliers’ data, other external data, our own data or our IT systems, or if the services we provide to our customers are disrupted, or
33
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
if our products or services are reported to have (or are perceived as having) security vulnerabilities, we could incur significant expenses and suffer substantial damage to our brand and reputation. Refer to “Data Privacy, Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property Risks” in Risk Factors included in Item 1A within this Annual Report for additional discussion of the challenges we encounter with respect to cybersecurity risks.
Our corporate security and information security programs are designed to help us prevent, prepare for, detect, respond to and recover from cybersecurity threats. We leverage industry standard security frameworks to evaluate our security controls. Relevant personnel collaborate with subject matter experts throughout the process to identify and assess material cybersecurity threats, evaluate their severity, and explore ways to mitigate a potential security incident. We continually conduct security and privacy reviews to pinpoint risks associated with our products, services and enterprise. We also employ various monitoring tools to track suspicious or anomalous activity across our networks, systems, and data, and we simulate cyber threats to proactively address vulnerabilities. Finally, we routinely train our employees on cybersecurity matters.
This program includes processes for triaging, assessing the severity of, escalating, containing, investigating and remediating information security events, as well as meeting legal obligations and minimizing customer impact and brand and reputational damage. In addition, we maintain insurance to protect against potential losses arising from a cybersecurity incident. Periodic tabletop exercises are conducted to test and reinforce our incident response controls, with incident severity and priority assessed on an ongoing basis.
We also conduct external and internal