knowledge and expertise in the area of cybersecurity. In addition to these regularly scheduled updates, our Chief Corporate Architect, Chief Privacy Officer and Head of Global Information Security may also report to the F&A Committee on how certain information security risks are being managed and progress towards agreed mitigation goals, as well as any potential material risks from cybersecurity threats that have been detected by the information security team.
34
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Our Chief Corporate Architect is responsible for day-to-day identification, assessment and management of the information security risks we face. Our Chief Corporate Architect studied computer science at Carnegie Mellon University and has been with Oracle since 1986 in a number of positions. In his current role as Chief Corporate Architect, he drives technology and architecture decisions across all Oracle products and leads companywide strategic initiatives, including with respect to industry standards and security, to ensure that product development is consistent with Oracle’s overall long-term strategy.
Our Chief Corporate Architect is supported by team members who have relevant educational and industry experience. These team members provide regular reports to the Chief Corporate Architect and work closely with our Chief Privacy Officer and include personnel dedicated to information security, product security, and physical security. Informed by the processes and practices discussed under “Risk Management and Strategy” above, team members escalate cybersecurity threats and incidents to the Chief Corporate Architect, who assesses the severity of such threats and incidents for inclusion in quarterly update to the F&A Committee where appropriate. In addition to the ordinary-course Board of Directors and F&A Committee reporting and oversight described above, we also maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed for prompt reporting to the Board of Directors and timely public disclosure, as appropriate, of material events covered by our risk management framework, including cybersecurity risks.
Item 2. Pro
perties
Our properties consist of owned and leased office facilities for cloud operations, sales, support, research and development, services, manufacturing and administrative and other functions. Our headquarters facility consists of approximately 0.9 million square feet in Austin, Texas, all of which we own. We also own or lease other facilities for current use consisting of approximately 27.7 million square feet in various other locations in the U.S. and abroad. Approximately 9.1 million square feet, or 32%, of our total owned and leased space is sublet or is being actively marketed for sublease or disposition. We lease our principal internal manufacturing facility for our hardware products in Hillsboro, Oregon. Our cloud operations deliver our Oracle Cloud Services through the use of global data centers, substantially all of which