measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that are expected to be generated by the lowest level associated asset grouping. Recoverability of indefinite lived intangible assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. We did not recognize any intangible asset impairment charges in fiscal 2024, 2023 or 2022.
Derivative Financial Instruments
During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we used derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency and interest rate risks. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. We account for these instruments in accordance with ASC 815,
Derivatives and Hedging
(ASC 815), which requires that every derivative instrument be recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value as of each reporting date. ASC 815 also requires that changes in our derivatives’ fair values be recognized in earnings, unless specific hedge accounting and documentation criteria are met (i.e., the instruments are accounted for as certain types of hedges).
The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For a derivative instrument designated as a fair value hedge, loss or gain attributable to the risk being hedged is recognized in earnings in the period of change with a corresponding earnings offset recorded to the item for which the risk is being hedged. For a derivative instrument designated as a cash flow hedge, during each reporting period, we record the change in fair value of the derivative to accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL) in our consolidated balance sheets and the change is reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings.
Leases
We apply the provisions of ASC 842,
Leases
(ASC 842), in accounting for our leases. Accordingly, we determine if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. Operating lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. We generally use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of future payments, because the implicit rate of the lease is generally not known. Right-of-Use (ROU) assets related to our operating lease liabilities are measured at lease inception based on the initial measurement of the lease liability, plus any prepaid lease payments and less any lease incentives. Our lease terms that are used in determining our operating lease liabilities at lease inception may include options to extend or terminate the leases when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. We amortize our