our contracts. Many governmental entities have the right to terminate contracts at any time for a variety of reasons, including without cause. For example, the U.S. federal government may terminate any of our government contracts and subcontracts at its convenience, or for default based on our performance. U.S. federal, state and local government and foreign government contracts are generally subject to government funding authorizations/appropriations. Contracts may also be terminated due to a lack of government funds.
There is increased pressure on governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending as governments continue to face significant deficit reduction pressures. This may adversely impact spending on government programs. In addition, an extended federal government shutdown in the U.S. could cause delays in approvals and decision making, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
29
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Government contracts laws and regulations impose certain risks, and contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations. If violations of law are found, they could result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business.
Environmental and other related laws and regulations subject us to a number of risks and could result in significant liabilities and costs.
Our cloud and hardware operations are subject to state, federal and international laws governing protection of the environment, proper handling and disposal of materials used for these operations, human health and safety, the use of certain chemical substances and the labor practices of suppliers, as well as local testing and labeling requirements. Regulatory, market, carbon tax and competitive pressures regarding the greenhouse gas emissions and energy mix for our data center operations may also grow.
Approximately half of our hardware revenues come from international sales. Environmental legislation, such as the EU Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, China’s regulation on Management Methods for Controlling Pollution Caused by Electronic Information Products and the EU carbon border adjustment mechanism, among others, may increase our cost of doing business internationally and impact our hardware revenues from the EU, China and other countries with similar environmental legislation as we endeavor to comply with and implement these requirements. Compliance with these ever-changing environmental and other laws in a timely manner could increase our product design, development, procurement, manufacturing, delivery, cloud operations, insurance premiums and administration costs, limit our ability to manage excess and obsolete non-compliant inventory, change our sales activities, or