and deploy applications globally across websites, portals and cloud-based applications utilizing a variety of IT environments.
Among our other middleware license offerings, we license development tools, such as Oracle WebLogic Server for Java application development, and Oracle Identity Manager, which automates user identity provisioning and allows enterprises to manage the end-to-end lifecycle of user identities across all enterprise resources. Organizations may elect to purchase license support, as described above, for Oracle Middleware licenses. We also offer certain of our middleware capabilities as a part of our OCI offerings.
Java Licenses
Java is the world’s most popular programming language among professional developers and is used to deliver cloud development and deployment services, microservices, analytics, data management, blockchain, security and continuous integration tools for numerous platforms and technologies, including websites, enterprise and consumer applications, embedded devices and large-scale systems. Java is designed to enable developers to write software on a single platform and run it on many other different platforms, independent of operating system and hardware architecture. Java has been adopted by both independent software vendors (ISVs) that have built their products using Java and by enterprise organizations building custom applications or consuming Java-based ISV products. Oracle is the steward of the Java platform and ecosystem. Customers generally purchase Java offerings through subscriptions that include licenses and support services. Oracle’s Java offerings are used by customers to support their Java deployments and to stay current with the latest security updates and other technology innovations.
Oracle Infrastructure Technologies – Hardware Business Offerings
Oracle infrastructure technologies are also marketed, sold and delivered through our hardware business, including a broad selection of hardware products and related hardware support services to power cloud-based and on-premise IT environments.
Oracle Engineered Systems
Oracle Engineered Systems are core to our cloud-based and on-premise data center infrastructure offerings. Oracle Engineered Systems are pre-built products, combining multiple unique Oracle technology components, including database, storage, operating system and management software with server, storage, networking hardware and other technologies. Oracle Engineered Systems are designed to deliver improved performance, scalability, availability, security and operational efficiency relative to our competitors’ products; to be upgraded effectively and efficiently in a non-disruptive manner; and to simplify maintenance cycles and improve security by providing a single solution for patching. For example, Oracle Exadata Database Machine is an integrated platform that is optimized for achieving higher performance, scalability and availability at a lower cost by combining Oracle Database,