state income tax returns, with some exceptions, have been examined for all years prior to fiscal 2010, and we are no longer subject to audit for those periods.
Internationally,
tax authorities for numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions are also examining or have examined returns of Oracle and various acquired entities for years through fiscal 2023. Many of the relevant tax years are at an advanced
99
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
stage
in examination or subsequent controversy resolution processes, the most significant of which include issues related to transfer pricing and withholding tax. The manner in which those issues are resolved and the timing thereof could potentially result in a range of decreases or increases in our unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. With respect to all of these international audit issues considered in the aggregate, we believe it was reasonably possible that, as of May 31, 2024, the gross unrecognized tax benefits could decrease (whether by payment, release, or a combination of both) in the next 12 months by as much as $
847
million ($
302
million net of offsetting tax benefits). We also believe it was reasonably possible that, as of May 31, 2024, the gross unrecognized tax benefits could increase in the next 12 months by as much as $
619
million ($
107
million net of offsetting
U.S. tax benefits). With some exceptions, we are generally no longer subject to tax examinations in non-U.S. jurisdictions for years prior to fiscal 2001.
We are under audit by the IRS and various other domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to income tax and indirect tax matters and are involved in various challenges and litigation in a number of countries, including, in particular, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Egypt, Germany, India, Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, South Korea and Spain, where the amounts under controversy are significant. In some, although not all, cases, we have reserved for potential adjustments to our provision for income taxes and accrual of indirect taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities or final outcomes in judicial proceedings and we believe that the final outcome of these examinations, agreements or judicial proceedings will not have a material effect on our results of operations. If events occur which indicate payment of these amounts is unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in the recognition of benefits in the period we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. If our estimates of the federal, state and foreign income tax liabilities and indirect tax liabilities are less than the ultimate assessment, it could result in a further charge to expense.
We believe that we have adequately provided under GAAP for outcomes related to our tax audits. However, there can be no assurances as to the possible outcomes or any related financial statement effect thereof.
14.
SEGMENT