investment volatility, please refer to Item 1A Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. For additional details on our non-marketable investments, see Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Currency Risk
Foreign Currency Translation Risk
As described under “Constant Currency Presentation” above, our international operations have provided and are expected to continue to provide a significant portion of our consolidated revenues and expenses that we report in U.S. Dollars. As a result, our consolidated revenues and expenses are affected and will continue to be affected by changes in the U.S. Dollar against major foreign currencies. Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, earnings and cash flows that we report for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into U.S. Dollars for, and as of the end of, each reporting period. In particular, the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar generally will reduce the reported amount of our foreign-denominated cash, cash equivalents, trade receivables, total revenues and total expenses that we translate into U.S. Dollars and report in our consolidated financial statements for, and as of the end of, each reporting period.
Foreign Currency Transaction Risk
We transact business in various foreign currencies. Our foreign currency exposures primarily arise from various intercompany transactions. Our principal currency exposures include the Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real, Euro, Indian Rupee, Japanese Yen and Saudi Riyal. We have established a program that primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to partially offset the risks that arise from the aforementioned transactions. Under this program, our strategy is to enter into foreign currency forward contracts for major currencies in which we have an exposure so that increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures are offset by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts which mitigate the risks and volatility associated with our foreign currency transactions. We may suspend this program from time to time. Our foreign currency forward contracts are generally short-term in duration and we do not use them for trading purposes.
Realized gains or losses with respect to our foreign currency exposures, net of gains or losses from our foreign currency forward contracts, including costs incurred to enter into these foreign currency forward contracts, are included in non-operating expenses or income, net in our consolidated financial statements. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our foreign currency forward contracts and other factors. Furthermore, as a large