otherwise impact future financial results of our cloud and hardware businesses. Any violation of these laws can subject us to significant liability, including fines, penalties and possible prohibition of sales of our products and services into one or more states or countries and result in a material adverse effect on the financial condition or operations of our cloud and hardware businesses.
The Nomination and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors oversees and periodically reviews our environmental, social and governance (ESG) programs, including environmental sustainability. We also have an Environmental Steering Committee (ESC) comprised of senior individuals from a wide range of Oracle business units, including our Chief Sustainability Officer who oversees our overall sustainability strategy, including climate related risk mitigation. The ESC evaluates if climate or environmental risks have the potential for significant chronic or acute impact on our core and/or strategic business functions, including service delivery and support, product development and deployment, supply chain management, facility operations, employee recruitment and retention, or brand reputation. Any failure to identify and assess these risks could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial performance and growth.
We publish an annual Social Impact Report, which includes disclosure of our ESG matters and goals. Our disclosures on these matters, and standards we set for ourselves or a failure to meet these standards, may potentially harm our reputation and brand. By electing to set and share publicly these corporate ESG standards, our business may also face increased scrutiny related to ESG initiatives and activities.
Further, new laws, regulations, policies, and international accords relating to ESG matters, including sustainability, climate change, human capital and diversity, some of which require specific, target-driven frameworks or disclosure requirements, are being developed, formalized and implemented in many jurisdictions. Standards for reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures, are complex and evolving, and the implementation and oversight of controls to comply with applicable reporting and disclosure standards could impose significant compliance costs. In addition, such disclosure requirements could result in revisions to our previous ESG-related disclosure or challenges in meeting evolving and varied regulatory and other stakeholder expectations and standards, which could expose us to liability or harm our reputation and prospects.
Financial Risks
Our operations can be difficult for us to predict because our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate significantly based on a number of factors.
Our revenues, particularly certain of our cloud license and on-premise license revenues and hardware revenues, can be difficult to forecast. A substantial portion of our cloud license, on-premise license and hardware contracts is