quarter and the first nine months of fiscal 2025, respectively, relative to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease in hardware expenses aligned with lower hardware revenues. Excluding the favorable currency rate fluctuations effect of 2% in the third quarter of fiscal 2025 and 1% in the first nine months of fiscal 2025, the constant currency decrease in hardware expenses was due to a $17 million and a $116 million decrease in hardware product and support costs and a $4 million and a $17 million decrease in sales and marketing expenses, in each case during the third quarter and the first nine months of fiscal 2025, respectively, relative to the corresponding prior year periods.
In constant currency, our hardware business’ total margin decreased in the third quarter of fiscal 2025 due to lower total revenues for this business, while our hardware business’ total margin in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 increased due to lower total expenses for this business, in each case relative to the corresponding prior year period. In constant currency, our hardware business’ total margin as a percentage of revenues increased in the fiscal 2025 periods presented, relative to the corresponding prior year periods, due to lower total expenses for this business.
Services Business
Our services offerings are designed to help maximize the performance of customer investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies and include our consulting services and advanced customer services offerings. Services revenues are generally recognized over time as the services are performed. The cost of providing our services consists primarily of personnel related expenses, technology infrastructure expenditures, facilities expenses and external contractor expenses.
31
Table of Contents
(1)
Excludes stock-based compensation and certain allocations. Also excludes certain other GAAP-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our CODMs, as further described under “Presentation of Operating Segment Results and Other Financial Information” above.
Total services revenues decreased by $16 million and $173 million in reported currency in the third quarter and the first nine months of fiscal 2025, respectively, relative to the corresponding prior year periods. Excluding the effects of unfavorable currency rate fluctuation of 2% in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, the increase in total services revenues was due to growth in our consulting services revenues, partially offset by a decrease in our advanced customer services revenues, relative to the corresponding prior year period. Excluding the effects of unfavorable currency rate fluctuation of 1% in the first nine months of fiscal 2025, the decrease in total services revenues was due to a decrease in revenues in each of our primary services offerings, relative to the corresponding prior year period. The constant currency increase in services