completion of the contractual terms. Cloud services and license support contracts provide customers with access to the latest updates to the applications and infrastructure technologies as they become available and for which the customer contracted and also include related technical support services over the contractual term. Cloud license and on-premise license revenues represent fees earned from granting customers licenses, generally on a perpetual basis, to use our database and middleware and our applications software products within cloud and on-premise information technology (IT) environments. We generally recognize revenues at the point in time the software is made available to the customer to download and use, which typically is immediate upon signature of the license contract. In each fiscal year, our cloud and license business’ contractual activities are typically highest in our fourth fiscal quarter and the related cash flows are typically highest in the following quarter (i.e., in the first fiscal quarter of the next fiscal year) as we receive payments from these contracts.
Our hardware business provides infrastructure technologies including Oracle Engineered Systems, servers, storage, industry-specific hardware, operating systems, virtualization, management and other hardware-related software to support diverse IT environments. Our hardware business also offers hardware support, which provides customers
17
Table of Contents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
February 28, 2025
(Unaudited)
with software updates for the software components that are essential to the functionality of their hardware products and can also include product repairs, maintenance services and technical support services that are typically delivered and recognized ratably over the contractual term.
Our services business provides services to customers and partners to help maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies.
We do not track our assets for each business. Consequently, it is not practical to show assets by operating segment.
The following table presents summary results for each of our three businesses:
(1)
The margins reported reflect only the direct controllable costs of each line of business and do not include allocations of research and development, general and administrative and certain other allocable expenses, net. Additionally, the margins reported above do not reflect amortization of intangible assets, acquisition related and other expenses, restructuring expenses, stock-based compensation, interest expense or certain other non-operating (expenses) income, net. Refer to the table below for a reconciliation of our total margin for operating segments to our income before income taxes as reported per our condensed consolidated statements of operations.
18
Table of Contents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL