were leased through colocation suppliers. We believe that our facilities are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business.
35
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Item 3. Leg
al Proceedings
The material set forth in Note 13 (pertaining to information regarding contingencies related to our income taxes) and Note 16 (pertaining to information regarding legal contingencies) of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4. M
ine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
36
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
PART
II
Item 5. Ma
rket for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “ORCL.” According to the records of our transfer agent, we had 6,921 stockholders of record as of May 31, 2024.
For equity compensation plan information, please refer to Item 12 in Part III of this Annual Report.
Stock Repurchase Program
Our Board of Directors has approved a program for us to repurchase shares of our common stock. As of May 31, 2024, approximately $7.0 billion remained available for stock repurchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program.
Our stock repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and the pace of our repurchase activity will depend on factors such as our working capital needs, our cash requirements for acquisitions and dividend payments, our debt repayment obligations or repurchases of our debt, our stock price, and economic and market conditions. Our stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Our stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time.
The following table summarizes the stock repurchase activity for the three months ended May 31, 2024 and the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased pursuant to our stock repurchase program:
37
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return
The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Total Return Index for each of the last five fiscal years ended May 31, 2024, assuming an investment of $100 at the beginning of such period and the reinvestment of any dividends. The comparisons in the graphs below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock.
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*
Among Oracle Corporation, the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Total Return Index
*$100 INVESTED ON MAY 31, 2019 IN STOCK OR
INDEX-INCLUDING REINVESTMENT OF DIVIDENDS
Item 6. [Rese
rved]
38
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Item 7. Management’s