$9 million in reported currency in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, relative to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to an increase in other expenses, net. The increase in other expenses was primarily attributable to
35
Table of Contents
losses in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, compared to gains in the third quarter of fiscal 2024, associated with an investment portfolio that we held for our employee deferred compensation plan, and for which an equal and offsetting amount was recorded to our operating expenses during the same period. This increase was partially offset by a $35 million decrease in losses from marketable and non-marketable investments, a $24 million increase in interest income and a $22 million decrease in foreign currency losses.
First Nine Months Fiscal 2025 Compared to First Nine Months Fiscal 2024
:
Our non-operating income, net increased by $111 million in reported currency in the first nine months of fiscal 2025, relative to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to a $76 million decrease in foreign currency losses, a $54 million decrease in losses from marketable and non-marketable investments and a $38 million increase in interest income. These increases were partially offset by a $49 million decrease in other income, net, which was primarily attributable to lower gains associated with an investment portfolio that we held for our employee deferred compensation plan as discussed above.
Provision for Income Taxes
:
Our effective income tax rates for each of the periods presented were the result of the mix of income earned and losses incurred in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. Refer to Note 7 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for a discussion regarding the differences between the effective income tax rates as presented for the periods below and the U.S. federal statutory income tax rates that were in effect during these periods. Future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by an unfavorable shift of earnings weighted to jurisdictions with higher tax rates, by unfavorable changes in tax laws and regulations, by adverse rulings in tax related litigation, or by shortfalls in stock-based compensation realized by employees relative to stock-based compensation that was recorded for book purposes, among others.
Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 Compared to Fiscal Third Quarter 2024
:
Provision for income taxes increased during the third quarter of fiscal 2025, relative to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to the absence of the realization of a one-time tax attribute of $197 million, higher income before provision for income taxes of $95 million and an unfavorable jurisdictional mix of $51 million, partially offset by the absence of changes in unrecognized tax benefits of $154 million and an increase in tax benefits related to stock-based compensation of $143 million.
First Nine