shared or dedicated deployments and on-premise with Oracle Exadata Cloud@Customer and OCI Dedicated Region.
Oracle MySQL HeatWave
In addition to the Oracle Database on OCI and Oracle Autonomous Database, we offer a portfolio of specialized databases to address specific customer requirements, including MySQL, the world’s most popular open source database, as a cloud service with Oracle MySQL HeatWave, as an on-premise offering or on other public cloud services. Oracle MySQL HeatWave combines transactions, real-time analytics, machine learning and generative AI in one managed cloud service.
Oracle Database Licenses
Oracle Database is the world’s most popular enterprise database and is designed to enable reliable and secure storage, retrieval and manipulation of all forms of data. Oracle Database is licensed throughout the world by businesses and organizations of all sizes for a multitude of purposes, including, among others, for use within the Oracle Cloud to deliver our SaaS and OCI offerings; for use as a cloud license by a number of cloud-based vendors as a component of their respective cloud offerings; for packaged and custom applications for transaction processing; and for data warehousing and business intelligence. Oracle Database may be deployed in various IT environments, including Oracle Cloud, Oracle Exadata Cloud@Customer and OCI Dedicated Region environments, other cloud-based IT environments and on-premise data centers, among others. Oracle Database Enterprise Edition is available with a number of optional add-on products to address specific customer requirements. As described above, customers may elect to purchase license support for Oracle Database licenses. We also offer Oracle Database as a cloud service, such as with Oracle Exadata Database Service and Oracle Base Database Service.
10
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Oracle Middleware Licenses
We license our Oracle Middleware, which is a broad family of integrated application infrastructure software, for use in the Oracle Cloud, other cloud-based environments, on-premise data centers and related IT environments. Oracle Middleware is designed to enable customers to design and integrate Oracle and non-Oracle business applications, automate business processes, scale applications to meet customer demand, simplify security and compliance, manage lifecycles of documents and get actionable, targeted business intelligence. Built with Oracle’s Java technology platform, Oracle Middleware products are designed to be a foundation for custom, packaged and composite applications, thereby simplifying and reducing time-to-deployment. Oracle Middleware is designed to protect customers’ IT investments and work with both Oracle and non-Oracle databases, middleware and applications software through an open architecture and adherence to industry standards. In addition, Oracle Middleware supports multiple development languages and tools, which enables developers to flexibly build once