a GAAP basis, we use non-GAAP measures of cash flows on a trailing 4-quarter basis to analyze cash flows generated from our operations. We believe that free cash flow is also useful as one of the bases for comparing our performance with that of our competitors. The presentation of non-GAAP free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We calculate free cash flow as follows:
54
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Recent Financing Activities
:
Term Loan Credit Agreements
:
On June 10, 2024, we terminated our existing term loan credit agreement that we entered into in fiscal 2023 and repaid the principal amount outstanding together with interest accrued up to the date of repayment. Simultaneously, we borrowed up to the maximum commitment amount of $5.6 billion pursuant to a term loan credit agreement (Term Loan Credit Agreement) executed on the same date. Any remaining unpaid principal balance under the Term Loan Credit Agreement will become fully due and payable on August 16, 2027, unless the termination date of Term Loan Credit Agreement is extended. Refer to Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional details about our borrowings.
Cash Dividends
:
In fiscal 2024, we declared and paid cash dividends of $1.60 per share that totaled $4.4 billion. In June 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per share of our outstanding common stock payable on July 25, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 11, 2024. Future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors.
Common Stock Repurchase Program
:
Our Board of Directors has approved a program for us to repurchase shares of our common stock. As of May 31, 2024, approximately $7.0 billion remained available for stock repurchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program. We repurchased 10.6 million shares for $1.2 billion, 17.0 million shares for $1.3 billion, and 185.8 million shares for $16.2 billion in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our stock repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and the pace of our repurchase activity will depend on factors such as our working capital needs, our cash requirements for acquisitions and dividend payments, our debt repayment obligations or repurchases of our debt, our stock price and economic and market conditions. Our stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Our stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time.
Contractual Obligations
:
Our largest contractual obligations as of May 31, 2024 consisted of:
•
principal