error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
59
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
PART
III
Item 10.        Directors, Executive Of
ficers and Corporate Governance
Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this item relating to our executive officers is included under the caption “Information About Our Executive Officers” in Part I of this Annual Report.
The other information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (2024 Proxy Statement).
Item 11.        Executi
ve Compensation
The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement.
Item 12.        Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow
ners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement.
Item 13.        Certain Relationships and Relate
d Transactions, and Director
Independence
The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement.
Item 14.        Principal Accou
ntant Fees and Services
The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement.
60
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
PAR
T IV
Item 15.        Exhibits and Fin
ancial Statement Schedules
(a)
1. Financial Statements
The following financial statements are filed as a part of this report:
2. Financial Statement Schedules
All schedules are omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule.
(b) Exhibits
The information required by this Item is set forth in the Index of Exhibits that is after Item 16 of this Annual Report.
61
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Report of Independent Regist
ered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Oracle Corporation
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oracle Corporation (the Company) as of May 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at May 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows