repairs, maintenance services and technical support services. We continue to evolve hardware support processes that are intended to proactively identify and solve quality issues. Hardware support contracts are generally priced as a percentage of net hardware products fees.
Oracle Services
We offer services to help customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our expertise in Oracle technologies, extensive experience and broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. Our services offerings substantially include, among others:
•
consulting services, which are designed to help our customers and global system integrator partners more successfully architect and deploy our cloud and license offerings, including IT strategy alignment, enterprise architecture planning and design, implementation, integration, application development, security assessments and ongoing software enhancements and upgrades. We utilize a global, blended delivery model to optimize value for our customers and partners, which involves the use of consultants from local geographies, industry specialists and consultants from our global delivery and solution centers; and
•
advanced customer services, which are support services provided by Oracle to a customer to enable increased performance and higher availability of a customer’s Oracle products and services.
12
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Oracle Cloud Operations
Oracle Cloud Operations deliver our Oracle Cloud Services to customers through a secure, reliable, scalable, enterprise grade cloud infrastructure platform managed by Oracle employees within a global network of data centers, which we refer to as the Oracle Cloud. The Oracle Cloud enables secure and isolated cloud-based instances for each of our customers to access the functionality of Oracle Cloud Services via a broad spectrum of devices. Oracle Cloud Operations leverage automated software tools to enable the rapid delivery of the latest cloud technology capabilities to the Oracle Cloud as they become available and provide Oracle customers access to the latest Oracle releases. We have invested in the rapid expansion of the Oracle Cloud by increasing existing data center capacity and adding data centers in new geographic locations to meet current and expected customer demand. We expect this trend will continue.
Manufacturing
We rely on third-party manufacturing partners to produce most of our hardware products that we market and sell to customers and utilize internally to deliver Oracle Cloud Services, and we distribute most of our hardware products from these partners’ facilities. Our manufacturing processes are substantially based on standardization of components across product types and centralization of assembly and distribution centers. Production of our hardware products requires that we purchase materials,