and operating results due to the differences in timing of revenue recognition between our cloud license and on-premise license, and hardware product arrangements relative to our cloud offering arrangements. Customers predominantly purchase our cloud offerings on a subscription basis, and revenues from these offerings are generally recognized ratably or as services are consumed over the terms of the subscriptions. Consequently, any deterioration in sales activity associated with our cloud offerings may not be immediately observable in our consolidated statement of operations. This is in contrast to revenues associated with our license and hardware product arrangements, which are generally recognized in full at the time of delivery of the related licenses and hardware products. In addition, we may not be able to accurately anticipate customer transitions from or be able to sufficiently backfill reduced customer demand for our license, hardware and support offerings relative to the expected increase in customer adoption of and demand for our Oracle Cloud Services, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
If we are unable to secure data center capacity at affordable rates or do not accurately plan for our infrastructure capacity requirements, our profitability may decline.
As a part of our Oracle Cloud strategy, we plan our investment levels based on estimates of future revenues and future anticipated rates of growth. In recent periods, our cloud services and license support expenses have grown to meet current and expected demand for our cloud offerings, including investments to increase our existing data center capacity and to establish data centers in new geographic locations. In connection with these investments, we entered, and expect to continue to enter, into long-term operating lease commitments with third-party data center providers that generally require us to pay significant contract termination fees to early exit such obligations should our strategies change, which could adversely impact our profitability and cash flows. Data centers in geographies that we rely on may also be unavailable on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Moreover, we do not control the operation of these third-party data centers, and they may suffer interruptions in service from events beyond our control, including from acts of government, natural events, power loss, break-ins or misconduct by those third parties. In addition, we rely on third-party suppliers to provide equipment and components required to outfit these data centers on a timely basis. Ongoing or future delays could cause the loss of additional sales, delay our revenue recognition or increase our costs, all of which could adversely affect the margins of our business. We typically depreciate these assets over their estimated useful lives, which could be shortened should our cloud strategies change, which could adversely affect our profitability.
Our products and services may not