In some, although not all, cases, we have reserved for potential adjustments to our provision for income taxes and accrual of indirect taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities or final outcomes in judicial proceedings and we believe that the final outcome of these examinations, agreements or judicial proceedings will not have a material effect on our results of operations. If events occur which indicate payment of these amounts is unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in the recognition of benefits in the period we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. If our estimates of the federal, state and foreign income tax liabilities and indirect tax liabilities are less than the ultimate assessment, it could result in a further charge to expense.
We believe that we have adequately provided under GAAP for outcomes related to our tax audits. However, there can be no assurances as to the possible outcomes or any related financial statement effect thereof.
8.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
ASC 280,
Segment Reporting
, establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Our chief operating decision makers (CODMs) are our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer. We are organized by line of business and geographically. While our CODMs evaluate results in a number of different ways, the line of business management structure is the primary basis for which the allocation of resources and financial results are assessed. The tabular information below presents financial information that is provided to our CODMs for their review and assists our CODMs with evaluating the company’s performance and allocating company resources
.
We have three businesses—cloud and license, hardware and services—each of which is comprised of a single operating segment. All three of our businesses market and sell our offerings globally to businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions and resellers with a worldwide sales force positioned to offer the combinations that best meet customer needs.
Our cloud and license business engages in the sale, marketing and delivery of our enterprise applications and infrastructure technologies through cloud and on-premise deployment models including our cloud services and license support offerings; and our cloud license and on-premise license offerings. Cloud services and license support revenues are generated from offerings that are typically contracted with customers directly, billed to customers in advance, delivered to customers over time with our revenue recognition occurring over the contractual terms and renewed by customers upon