litigation related charges. These constant currency increases in operating expenses were partially offset by lower sales and marketing expenses, which were primarily due to lower employee related expenses; lower hardware expenses; lower expenses for amortization of intangible assets as certain of our assets were fully amortized; lower general and administrative expenses; and lower restructuring expenses.
In constant currency, our total operating margin and total operating margin as a percentage of revenues increased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 due to higher revenues.
Supplemental Disclosure Related to Certain Charges
To supplement our consolidated financial information, we believe that the following information is helpful to an overall understanding of our past financial performance and prospects for the future.
Our operating results reported pursuant to GAAP included the following business combination accounting adjustments and expenses related to acquisitions and certain other expenses, including stock-based compensation, that affected our GAAP net income:
(1)
Represents the amortization of intangible assets, substantially all of which were acquired in connection with our acquisitions. As of May 31, 2024, estimated future amortization related to intangible assets was as follows (in millions):
(2)
Acquisition related and other expenses consist of personnel related costs for transitional and certain other employees, certain business combination adjustments including certain adjustments after the measurement period has ended and certain other operating items, net.
(3)
Restructuring expenses in fiscal 2024 primarily related to employee severance in connection with the Fiscal 2024 Oracle Restructuring Plan (2024 Restructuring Plan). Restructuring expenses in fiscal 2023 primarily related to employee severance in connection with the Fiscal 2022 Oracle Restructuring Plan (2022 Restructuring Plan). Additional information regarding certain of our restructuring plans is provided in management’s discussion below under “Restructuring Expenses,” and in Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
46
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
(4)
Stock-based compensation was included in the following operating expense line items of our consolidated statements of operations (in millions):
(5)
For fiscal 2024 and 2023, the applicable jurisdictional tax rates applied to our income before income taxes after excluding the tax effects of items within the table above such as for stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, and certain acquisition related and other items, and after excluding the net deferred tax effects associated with a previously recorded income tax benefit that resulted from a partial realignment of our legal entity structure. These adjustments resulted in an effective tax rate of 19.2%, instead of 10.9%, for fiscal 2024 and 16.3%, instead of 6.8%,