including through participation in our Employee Resource Groups, which offer employees opportunities to engage in mentor relationships that further develop inclusive leaders and employees at Oracle. We seek to continuously build on our inclusive hiring strategies, tracking our progress and holding ourselves accountable for greater diverse representation at Oracle. Our programs are supported by Oracle leaders across the globe with strategic sponsorship from Oracle’s Inclusive Leadership Council, which is led by Safra Catz, our Chief Executive Officer, and extend through the actions we are taking globally on Oracle’s five C&I Imperatives:
•
Data and Talent Analytics: leveraging data, global insights, programs and systems that drive inclusive experiences;
•
Multi-Generation: ensuring intentional and unbiased investment in talent;
14
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
•
Culture: increasing a sense of belonging and acceptance that will attract talent from many backgrounds and inspire retention;
•
Engagement: championing a growth mindset both globally and locally by leveraging an inclusive range of perspectives and voices; and
•
Inclusive Hiring: expanding our inclusive hiring practices to promote equitable representation across the globe.
In addition to global, regional and local programs, Oracle Human Resources partners with business leaders to create and implement C&I plans to embed targeted strategies into organizations across Oracle. Employee satisfaction on the importance of C&I at Oracle and their managers’ leveraging a range of diverse perspectives and voices ranks high in our employee engagement surveys.
We are proud to be recognized for our ongoing progress and commitment to C&I. Examples of recognition received include being named one of the World’s Best Employers and World’s Top Companies for Women by Forbes in 2023 and one of America’s Best Employers For Diversity by Forbes in 2024; a Best Place to Work by the Disability Equality Index in 2023 for the sixth consecutive year; a 2023/2024 Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality by the Human Rights Campaign; a 2024 5-Star Employer by VETS Indexes; one of the Top 50 Workplaces for Indigenous STEM Professionals by American Indian Science and Engineering Society in 2024; and a 2023 Top Supporter of Historically Black College and University Engineering Schools by Career Communications Group.
Employee Experience
Oracle strives to deliver a great employee experience, anchored by meaningful work, career opportunities and well-being to continue to attract and retain high quality talent. We support employee well-being from multiple dimensions, including economic, health, development and lifestyle with a comprehensive suite of compensation, benefits and learning and development.
Opportunities to Learn and Grow
We believe that one of the primary reasons candidates join Oracle is for the opportunity to develop their careers. We have programs and resources to help our employees explore, build