interested parties may elect to subscribe to Oracle applications and infrastructure training and certification programs through a variety of online, cloud-based learning subscriptions offered by Oracle University. Learners generally have unlimited access to course content delivered during the subscription period.
We believe that the comprehensiveness and breadth of our SaaS offerings as a business innovation platform differentiate us from many of our competitors that offer more limited or specialized applications. Our SaaS offerings are designed to support connected business processes in the cloud and are centered on an intuitive and conversational user experience, a responsive, open and flexible business core and a common data model. We believe Oracle Fusion Cloud ERP is a strategic suite of applications that is foundational to facilitating and extracting more business value out of the adoption of other Oracle Cloud SaaS offerings, such as Oracle Fusion Cloud HCM and Oracle Fusion Cloud EPM, as customers realize the value of a common data model that spans across core business applications. We believe our SaaS offerings together remove business boundaries between front- and back-office activities. Our SaaS offerings are designed to deliver a secure data isolation architecture and flexible upgrades; self-service access controls for users; a Service-Oriented Architecture; built-in social, mobile and business insight capabilities (analytics); and a high performance, high availability infrastructure based on OCI. These SaaS capabilities are designed to simplify customer IT environments, reduce time to implement and upgrade, enable agility, reduce risk, provide an intuitive user experience for casual and experienced users and enable customers to focus resources on business growth opportunities. Our SaaS offerings are also designed to natively incorporate advanced technologies such as AI, Internet-of-Things (IoT), machine learning, blockchain, digital assistants and advances in the “human interface” and how users interact with Oracle Cloud SaaS offerings within a business context or to augment human capabilities to enhance productivity.
Oracle Applications Licenses
Customers have the ability to license Oracle Applications, including Oracle E-Business Suite, PeopleSoft, JD Edwards and Siebel applications, among others, for use within the Oracle Cloud or within their own cloud-based or on-premise IT environments. These licensed applications are designed to manage and automate core business functions across the enterprise, including HCM, ERP, EPM, SCM, Customer Experience and industry-specific applications, as described above, among others.
Oracle License Support
Oracle license support offerings are marketed and sold as a part of our cloud and license business. We provide customers the option to purchase license support contracts in connection with the purchase of Oracle Applications licenses. Substantially all of our customers opt to purchase license