and industry-specific products, among others. Customers generally opt to purchase hardware support contracts when they purchase Oracle hardware products.
Oracle also offers professional services to assist our customers and partners to maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle products and services.
Providing choice and flexibility to Oracle customers as to when and how they deploy Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies is an important element of our corporate strategy. We believe that offering customers broad, comprehensive, flexible and interoperable deployment models for Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies is important to our growth strategy and better addresses customer needs relative to our competitors, many of whom provide fewer offerings, more restrictive deployment models and less flexibility for a customer’s transition to cloud-based IT environments.
Our investments in, and innovation with respect to, Oracle products and services that we offer through our three businesses (cloud and license, hardware and services businesses, described further below) are another important element of our corporate strategy. In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we invested $8.9 billion, $8.6 billion and $7.2 billion, respectively, in research and development to enhance our existing portfolio of offerings and to develop new technologies and services. We have a deep understanding as to how applications and infrastructure technologies
4
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
interact and function with one another, including through the use of OCI to power our Oracle Cloud SaaS applications, which we and our customers use to run internal business processes. We focus our development efforts on improving the performance, security, reliability, operation, integration and cost-effectiveness of our offerings relative to our competitors; facilitating the ease with which organizations are able to deploy, use, manage and maintain our offerings; and incorporating emerging technologies such as AI within our offerings to enable leaner business processes, automation and innovation. For example, our Oracle Autonomous Database is designed to deliver transformational infrastructure as an OCI offering that uses machine learning capabilities to automate many traditionally manual functions.
After an initial purchase of Oracle products and services, our customers can continue to benefit from our offerings, research and development efforts and deep IT expertise by electing to purchase and renew Oracle support offerings for their license and hardware deployments, which may include product enhancements that we periodically deliver to our products, and by renewing their Oracle Cloud Services contracts with us.
Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We believe that our acquisitions enhance the products and services that we can offer to customers, expand our customer base, provide