other accounting standards, including our investments in marketable debt and equity securities and our derivative financial instruments.
The additional disclosures regarding our fair value measurements are included in Note 4.
Allowances for Credit Losses
We record allowances for credit losses based upon a specific review of all significant outstanding invoices. For those invoices not specifically reviewed, provisions are provided at differing rates, based upon the age of the receivable, the collection history associated with the geographic region that the receivable was recorded in and current and expected future economic conditions. We write-off a receivable and charge it against its recorded allowance when we have exhausted our collection efforts without success.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that are potentially subject to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, derivatives, trade receivables and non-marketable investments. Our cash and cash equivalents are generally held with large, diverse financial institutions worldwide to reduce the amount of exposure to any single financial institution. Investment policies have been implemented that limit purchases of marketable debt securities to investment-grade securities. Our derivative contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standings and any exposure to counterparty credit-related losses in these contracts is largely mitigated with collateral security agreements that provide for collateral to be received or posted when the net fair values of these contracts fluctuate from contractually established thresholds. We generally do not require collateral to secure accounts receivable. The risk with respect to trade receivables is mitigated by credit evaluations we perform on our customers, the short duration of our payment terms for the significant majority of our customer contracts and by the diversification of our customer base. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our total revenues in fiscal 2024, 2023 or 2022. Refer to “Marketable and Non-Marketable Investments” above for additional information on our non-marketable investments.
We outsource the manufacturing, assembly and delivery of the substantial majority of our hardware products that we sell to our customers as well as use internally to deliver our cloud services to a variety of companies, many of which are located outside the U.S. Further, we have simplified our supply chain processes by reducing the number of third-party manufacturing partners and the number of locations where these third-party manufacturers build our hardware products. Any inability of these third-party manufacturing partners to deliver the contracted services for our hardware products could adversely impact future operating results of our cloud and license and hardware businesses.
Inventories
Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net