of fiscal 2025, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our servers and increased the estimated useful lives from five years to six years, effective at the beginning of fiscal 2025. Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for more information. There were no other significant changes to our critical accounting estimates. Refer to “Critical Accounting Estimates” under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 for a more complete discussion of our critical accounting estimates.
Results of Operations
Presentation of Operating Segment Results and Other Financial Information
In our results of operations discussion below, we provide an overview of our total consolidated revenues, total consolidated operating expenses and total consolidated operating margin, all of which are presented on a GAAP basis. We also present a GAAP-based discussion below for substantially all of the other expense items as presented in our condensed consolidated statements of operations that are not directly attributable to our three businesses.
In addition, we discuss below the results of each of our three businesses—cloud and license, hardware and services—which are our operating segments as defined pursuant to ASC 280,
Segment Reporting
. The financial reporting for our three businesses that is presented below is presented in a manner that is consistent with that used by our CODMs. Our operating segment presentation below reflects revenues, direct costs and sales and marketing expenses that correspond to and are directly attributable to each of our three businesses. We also utilize these inputs to calculate and present a segment margin for each of our three businesses in the discussion below.
Consistent with our internal management reporting processes, research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of intangible assets, certain other expense allocations, acquisition related and other expenses, restructuring expenses, interest expense,
25
Table of Contents
non-operating (expenses) income, net and provision for income taxes are not attributed to our three operating segments because our management does not view the performance of our three businesses including such items and/or it is impracticable to do so. Refer to “Supplemental Disclosure Related to Certain Charges” below for additional discussion of certain of these items and Note 8 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for a reconciliation of the summations of total segment margin as presented in the discussion below to total income before income taxes as presented per our condensed consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented.
Constant Currency