borrowings under our Term Loan Credit Agreement; to repay all or a portion of commercial paper notes outstanding; and to use any remaining net proceeds from the borrowing for general corporate purposes, which may include stock repurchases, payment of cash dividends on our common stock, repayment of other indebtedness and future acquisitions. Refer to Note 3 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for additional information.
Contractual Obligations
:
During the first nine months of fiscal 2025, there were no significant changes to our estimates of future payments under our fixed contractual obligations and commitments as presented in Part II, Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024, other than an increase in our lease commitments as of February 28, 2025. Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 for more information about our lease commitments. Additionally, as discussed above, we issued a total of $14.0 billion of senior notes in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 with various maturity dates.
We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, and our borrowing arrangements will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and contractual obligations requirements. In addition, we believe that we could fund our future acquisitions, dividend payments and repurchases of common stock or debt with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities.
Stock-Based Awards
Our stock-based compensation program is a key component of the compensation package we provide to attract and retain certain of our talented employees and align their interests with the interests of existing stockholders.
We recognize that stock-based awards dilute existing stockholders and have sought to control the number of stock-based awards granted while providing competitive compensation packages. Consistent with these dual goals, our cumulative potential dilution since June 1, 2021 has been an annualized rate of 1.7% per year. The potential dilution percentage is calculated as the average annualized new stock-based awards granted and assumed, net of stock-based awards forfeited by employees leaving the company, divided by the weighted-average outstanding shares during the calculation period. This maximum potential dilution will only result if all stock-based awards vest and, if applicable, are exercised. Of the outstanding stock options as of February 28, 2025, which