Discussion and Analysis o
f Financial Condition and
Results of Operations
We begin Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. This overview is followed by a summary of our critical accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding significant assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results. We then provide a more detailed analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 can be found in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on June 20, 2023, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and on our Investor Relations website at www.oracle.com/investor.
Business Overview
Oracle provides products and services that address enterprise IT needs. Our products and services include enterprise applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. These models include on-premise, cloud-based and hybrid deployments (an approach that combines both on-premise and cloud-based deployments). Accordingly, we offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service and deployment combinations that best suit our customers’ needs. Through our worldwide sales force and Oracle Partner Network, we sell to customers all over the world including businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions and resellers.
We have three businesses: cloud and license; hardware; and services; each of which comprises a single operating segment. The descriptions set forth below as a part of this Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the information contained within Item 1 Business and Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report provide additional information related to our businesses and operating segments and align to how our chief operating decision makers (CODMs), which are our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer, view our operating results and allocate resources.
Cloud and License Business
Our cloud and license business, which represented 84% and 83% of our total revenues in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, markets, sells and delivers a broad spectrum of enterprise applications and infrastructure technologies through our cloud and license offerings. Revenue streams included in our cloud and license business are:
•
Cloud services and license support revenues, which include:
o
cloud services revenues, which are earned by providing customers