equivalent of
2.5
shares is deducted from our pool of shares available for grant.
As of May 31, 2024,
134
million unvested RSUs,
38
million PSOs (of which
11
million shares were vested) and service-based stock options (SOs) to purchase
13
million shares of common stock, substantially all
of which were vested, were outstanding under the Plans. To date, we have not issued any stock purchase rights or stock appreciation rights under either of the Plans.
The vesting schedule for all awards granted under the Plans is established by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee). RSUs generally require service-based vesting of
25
% annually over
four years
. SOs were previously granted under the 2000 Plan at not less than fair market value, become exercisable generally 25% annually over
four years
of service, and generally expire
10
years from the date of grant.
PSOs granted under the 2000 Plan to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer in fiscal 2018 consisted of
seven
numerically equivalent vesting tranches that potentially could vest.
One
tranche, which was based solely on the attainment of a market-based metric, was achieved and vested in fiscal 2022. Each of the remaining
six
tranches requires the attainment of both a performance metric and a market capitalization metric by May 31, 2022, which was subsequently extended by
three
additional fiscal years to May 31, 2025 via an amendment approved by the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2022. The Compensation Committee has certified that all
six
market capitalization goals have been achieved.
One
operational performance goal was achieved in fiscal 2023 and consequently, the first of the remaining
six
tranches vested in fiscal 2024.
One
operational performance goal was achieved in fiscal 2024, but the Compensation Committee has not yet certified the achievement of this performance goal and the second of the remaining
six
tranches
is therefore not yet vested as of May 31, 2024. If any of the remaining operational performance goals are achieved before May 31, 2025, additional tranches may vest, assuming continued employment and service through the date the Compensation Committee certifies that performance has been achieved. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized starting at the time each vesting tranche becomes probable of achievement over the longer of the estimated implicit service period or derived service period. Stock-based compensation associated with a vesting tranche where vesting is no longer determined to be probable is
93
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
reversed
on a cumulative basis and is no longer prospectively recognized in the period when such a determination is made. We have estimated remaining service periods for those tranches that have been deemed probable of achievement as of May 31, 2024 to be
one year
.
In connection with certain of our acquisitions, we assu
med certain outstanding restricted stock-based awards and