lower net losses associated with equity investments; lower foreign currency losses; and higher other income, net, which was primarily attributable to unrealized investment gains associated with certain marketable equity securities that we held for employee benefit plans, and for which an equal and offsetting amount was recorded to our operating expenses during the same period. These decreases in non-operating expenses, net were partially offset by higher expenses for noncontrolling interests in income.
Provision for Income Taxes
:
Our effective income tax rates for each of the periods presented were the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. Refer to Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for a discussion regarding the differences between the effective income tax rates as presented for the periods below and the U.S. federal statutory income tax rates that were in effect during these periods. Future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by an unfavorable shift of earnings weighted to jurisdictions with higher tax rates, by unfavorable changes in tax laws and regulations, by adverse rulings in tax related litigation, or by shortfalls in stock-based compensation realized by employees relative to stock-based compensation that was recorded for book purposes, among others.
Provision for income taxes increased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the absence of unrecognized tax benefits due to settlements with tax authorities, an unfavorable jurisdictional mix of earnings, and higher income before provision for income taxes, partially offset by a combination of an increase in tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, the realization of a one-time tax attribute and the revaluation of net deferred tax assets due to a change in tax rate.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Working capital
:
The decrease in working capital as of May 31, 2024 in comparison to May 31, 2023 was primarily due to $10.0 billion of long-term senior notes that were reclassified to current liabilities, cash used to pay dividends to our stockholders, cash used for capital expenditures, cash used for purchases of non-marketable investments, net cash used for our employee stock programs and cash used for repurchases of our common stock during fiscal 2024. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by favorable impacts to our net current assets resulting from net income during fiscal 2024. Our working capital may be impacted by some or all of the aforementioned factors in future periods, the amounts and timing of which are variable.
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
:
The increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of May 31, 2024 in comparison to May 31, 2023 was primarily due to cash inflows from our operations during fiscal 2024. This increase was partially offset by cash used for