tax related pre-acquisition contingency by the end of the measurement period, which is generally the case given the nature of such matters, we will recognize an asset or a liability for such pre-acquisition contingency if: (1) it is probable that an asset existed or a liability had been incurred at the business acquisition date and (2) the amount of the asset or liability can be reasonably estimated. Subsequent to the measurement period or final determination of the net asset values for the business combination, whichever comes first, changes in our estimates of such contingencies will affect earnings and could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial position.
In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances assumed in a business combination are initially estimated as of the acquisition date. We reevaluate these items quarterly based upon facts and circumstances that existed as of the business acquisition date with any adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded to goodwill if identified within the measurement period. Subsequent to the measurement period or our final determination of the tax allowance’s or contingency’s estimated value, whichever comes first, changes to these uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances will affect our provision for income taxes in our consolidated statement of operations and could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
Marketable and Non-Marketable Investments
In accordance with ASC 320,
Investments—Debt Securities
, and based on our intentions regarding these instruments, we classify substantially all of our marketable debt securities investments as available-for-sale. We carry these securities at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity, except for any unrealized losses determined to be related to credit losses, which we record within non-operating expenses, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. We periodically evaluate our investments to determine if impairment charges are required. All of our marketable debt securities investments are classified as current based on the nature of the investments and their availability for use in current operations.
Investments in equity securities, other than any equity method investments, are generally recorded at their fair values, if the fair values are readily determinable. Non-marketable equity securities for which the fair values are not readily determinable and where we do not have control of, nor significant influence in, the investee are recorded at cost, less any impairment, adjusted for observable price changes from orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer with any gains or losses recorded as a component of non-operating expenses, net as of and for each reporting period. For equity investments through which we have