Operating Segment Results and Other Financial Information” above.
Excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our total services revenues decreased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 due to a decrease in revenues in each of our primary services offerings. The constant currency decrease in services revenues in the Americas region was partially offset by constant currency increases in services revenues in the EMEA and the Asia Pacific regions in fiscal 2024.
In constant currency, total services expenses remained flat in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023.
In constant currency, our services business’ total margin and total margin as a percentage of revenues decreased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 due to lower total revenues for this business.
Research and Development Expenses
:
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel related expenditures. We intend to continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because, in our judgment, they are essential to maintaining our competitive position.
(1)
Excluding stock-based compensation
50
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
On a constant currency basis, total research and development expenses increased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher employee related expenses, including higher stock-based compensation expenses.
General and Administrative Expenses
:
General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel related expenditures for IT, finance, legal and human resources support functions.
(1)
Excluding stock-based compensation
Excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our total general and administrative expenses decreased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower professional fees, partially offset by higher stock-based compensation expenses.
Amortization of Intangible Assets
:
Substantially all of our intangible assets were acquired through our business combinations. We amortize our intangible assets over, and monitor the appropriateness of, the estimated useful lives of these assets. We also periodically review these intangible assets for potential impairment based upon relevant facts and circumstances. Refer to Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding our intangible assets and related amortization.
Amortization of intangible assets decreased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 due to a reduction in expenses associated with certain of our intangible assets that became fully amortized.
Acquisition Related and Other Expenses
:
Acquisition related and other expenses consist of personnel related costs for transitional and certain other employees, certain business combination adjustments, including adjustments after the measurement period has ended, and certain other operating items, net.
On a constant currency basis, acquisition related and other expenses increased in