released during the term of the support period and include internet access to technical content, as well as internet and telephone access to technical support personnel. License support contracts are generally priced as a percentage of the net cloud license and on-premise license fees. Substantially all of our customers elect to purchase and renew their license support contracts annually.
Revenues from the sale of hardware products represent amounts earned primarily from the sale of our Oracle Engineered Systems, computer servers, storage, and industry-specific hardware. Our hardware support offerings generally provide customers with software updates for the software components that are essential to the functionality of the hardware products purchased and can also include product repairs, maintenance services and technical support services. Hardware support contracts are generally priced as a percentage of the net hardware products fees.
Our services are offered to customers as standalone arrangements or as a part of arrangements to customers buying other products and services. Our consulting services are designed to help our customers to, among others, deploy, architect, integrate, upgrade and secure their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. Our advanced customer services are designed to provide supplemental support services, performance services and higher availability for Oracle products and services.
71
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
We apply the provisions of ASC 606,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(ASC 606) as a single standard for revenue recognition that applies to all of our cloud, license, hardware and services arrangements and generally require revenues to be recognized upon the transfer of control of promised goods or services provided to our customers, reflecting the amount of consideration we expect to receive for those goods or services. Pursuant to ASC 606, revenues are recognized upon the application of the following steps:
•
identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer;
•
identification of the performance obligations in the contract;
•
determination of the transaction price;
•
allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and
•
recognition of revenues when, or as, the contractual performance obligations are satisfied.
Our customers that contract with us for the provision of cloud services, software, hardware or other services include businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions and our channel partners, which include resellers and system integrators.
The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to our customers. We record an unbilled receivable, which is included within accounts receivable on our consolidated balance sheets, when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing. We record deferred revenues on our consolidated balance sheets when revenues are to be