generally have a ten-year exercise period, all have exercise prices lower than the market price of our common stock on such date. In recent years, our stock repurchase program has substantially offset the dilutive effect of our stock-based compensation program. However, we may modify the levels of our stock repurchases in the future depending on a number of factors, including the amount of cash we have available for acquisitions, to pay dividends, to repay or repurchase indebtedness or for other purposes. As of February 28, 2025, the maximum potential dilution from all outstanding stock-based awards, regardless of when granted and regardless of whether vested or unvested, was 5.8%.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
For information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements, and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.
39
Table of Contents
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitat
ive Disclosures About Market Risk
There were no significant changes to our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk during the first nine months of fiscal 2025. Please refer to Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 for a more complete discussion of the market risks we encounter.
Item 4. Controls
and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures:
Based on our management’s evaluation (with the participation of our Principal Executive and Financial Officer), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, our Principal Executive and Financial Officer has concluded that our “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)’s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management (including our Principal Executive and Financial Officer) as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting:
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls:
Our management, including our Principal Executive and Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial