support contracts when they purchase Oracle applications and infrastructure licenses to run within the Oracle Cloud or other cloud-based and on-premise IT environments. We believe our license support offerings protect and enhance our customers’ investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies because they provide proactive and personalized support services (including Oracle Lifetime Support) and unspecified license enhancements and upgrades during the term of the support period. Substantially all license support customers renew their support contracts with us upon expiration in order to continue to benefit from technical support services and the periodic issuance of unspecified updates and enhancements, which current license support customers are entitled to receive. Our license support contracts are
7
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
generally priced as a percentage of the net fees paid by the customer to purchase the license, are typically one year in duration and are generally billed to the customer annually in advance.
Oracle Infrastructure Technologies
Oracle infrastructure technologies are marketed, sold and delivered through our cloud and license business and through our hardware business. Our infrastructure technologies are designed to be flexible, cost-effective, standards-based, secure and highly-performant to facilitate the development, deployment, integration, management and extension across an organization’s cloud-based, on-premise and hybrid IT environments.
Our cloud and license business’ infrastructure technologies include the Oracle Database and MySQL Database, the world’s most popular database management systems; Java, the computer industry’s most widely-used language by professional software developers; and middleware, including development tools, among others. These infrastructure technologies are available through a subscription to our OCI offerings or through the purchase of a license and related license support, at the customer’s option, to run within the Oracle Cloud as a part of a customer’s cloud based, on-premise or other IT environments. Our OCI offerings also include cloud-based compute, storage and networking capabilities, application development and cloud native services, among others, and new and innovative services such as AI Infrastructure offerings and emerging technologies such as generative AI, IoT and blockchain.
Our hardware business’ infrastructure technologies consist of hardware products and certain unique hardware-related software offerings, including Oracle Engineered Systems, enterprise servers, storage solutions, industry-specific hardware, virtualization software, operating systems, management software and related hardware support services. Our customers use Oracle hardware products and related offerings in their cloud-based, on-premise or hybrid environments to run their internal business operations and to deliver products and services to their customers.
We design