dissemination of inaccurate information or misinformation about our business and results of operations (including through the malicious use of generative AI tools); and market trends unrelated to our performance. The stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. A significant drop in our stock price could also expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business.
We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be fully implemented or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value.
Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date and we are not obligated to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares. Further, our stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time. However, we do not expect to increase the amount of stock repurchases until our gross debt is reduced below certain thresholds. Even if fully implemented, our stock repurchase program may not enhance long-term stockholder value.
General Risks
Economic, political and market conditions can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price.
Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control and that we have no comparative advantage in forecasting. These include:
•
general economic and business conditions;
•
overall demand for enterprise cloud, license and hardware products and services;
•
governmental budgetary constraints or shifts in government spending priorities; and
32
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
•
general legal, regulatory and political developments.
Macroeconomic developments such as the global or regional economic effects resulting from elevated inflation and interest rates, limited liquidity, adverse developments affecting financial institutions, the current wars, evolving trade policies between the U.S. and international trade partners, or the occurrence of similar events in other countries that lead to uncertainty or instability in economic, political or market conditions could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition and outlook, which, in turn, could adversely affect our stock price. Any general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment of government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their IT budgets and spending, which could cause customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services or cause customers not to pay us or to delay paying us for previously