supplies, product subassemblies and full assemblies from a number of suppliers. For most of our hardware products, we have existing alternative sources of supply or such sources are readily available. However, we do rely on sole sources for certain hardware components. We monitor and evaluate potential risks of disruption within our supply chain operations. Refer to Risk Factors included in Item 1A within this Annual Report for additional discussion of the challenges we encounter with respect to the sources and availability of supplies for our hardware products and the related risks to our businesses.
Sales and Marketing
We directly market and sell our cloud, license, hardware, support and services offerings globally to businesses of many sizes and in many industries, government agencies and educational institutions. We also market and sell our offerings globally through indirect channels.
In the United States (U.S.), our sales and services employees are based throughout the country. Outside the U.S., our international subsidiaries sell, support and service our offerings in their local countries as well as within other foreign countries where we do not operate through a direct sales subsidiary. Our geographic coverage allows us to draw on business and technical expertise from a global workforce, provides stability to our operations and revenue streams to offset geography-specific economic trends and offers us an opportunity to take advantage of new markets for our offerings. Our international operations subject us to certain risks, which are more fully described in Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this Annual Report. A summary of our domestic and international revenues and long-lived assets is set forth in Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
We also market our product offerings worldwide through indirect channels. The companies that comprise our indirect channel network are members of the Oracle Partner Network. The Oracle Partner Network is a global program that manages our business relationships with a large, broad-based network of companies, including cloud and license, hardware and services suppliers, system integrators and resellers that deliver innovative solutions and services based upon and in conjunction with our product offerings. By offering our partners access to our product offerings, educational information, technical services, marketing and sales support, the Oracle Partner Network program extends our market reach by providing our partners with the resources they need to be successful in delivering solutions to customers globally.
Research and Development
We develop the substantial majority of our products and services offerings internally utilizing the skills and diversity of a global workforce. In addition, we have extended our products and services offerings and intellectual property through acquisitions of businesses and technologies. We also purchase or license