intellectual property rights in certain circumstances. Internal development allows us to maintain technical control over the design and
13
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
development of our products. We have a number of U.S. and foreign patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our products and technology. However, although we believe that our patents have value, neither our business as a whole nor any of our principal businesses are materially dependent on a single patent. Rapid technological advances in cloud, software and hardware development, evolving standards in computer hardware and software technology, changing customer needs and frequent new product introductions, offerings and enhancements characterize the markets in which we compete. We plan to continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to research and development efforts to maintain and improve our current products and services offerings.
Human Capital Resources
At Oracle, our success is driven by the quality of our people, who we believe are among the best and brightest in the industry. We strive to attract and retain talented employees, to support employee success and well-being and to foster a culture where everyone has a voice in driving innovation. Our Board of Directors oversees culture and inclusion (C&I) matters and the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) is responsible for reviewing and monitoring matters related to human capital management, including talent acquisition and retention.
Workforce
As of May 31, 2024, we employed approximately 159,000 full-time employees, of which approximately 58,000 were employed in the U.S. and approximately 101,000 were employed internationally. Our approximate employee counts by lines of business are:
The average tenure of our employees is approximately eight years and 29% of our employees have been employed with Oracle for ten or more years.
None of our employees in the U.S. are represented by labor unions; however, in certain foreign subsidiaries, labor unions or workers’ councils represent some of our employees.
Culture and Inclusion
We believe that C&I powers innovation. By promoting an inclusive culture that values acceptance and belonging and provides opportunities for all, we seek to enable and inspire our workforce to help our customers solve hard problems. Our focus on C&I is reflected throughout our organization, starting at the highest level. Our Chief Executive Officer is a woman and forty percent of the members of our Board of Directors are women and/or come from a diverse background. We endeavor to hire employees from a broad pool of talent with diverse backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and abilities, and we believe Oracle’s leaders serve as role models for the inclusive culture in our workforce. We strive to enable our employees to further their careers, build their networks and foster the skills needed to succeed at Oracle,