will only result if all stock-based awards vest and, if applicable, are exercised. Of the outstanding stock options as of May 31, 2024, which generally have a ten-year exercise period, all have exercise prices lower than the market price of our common stock on such date. In recent years, our stock repurchase program has substantially offset the dilutive effect of our stock-based compensation program. However, we may modify the levels of our stock repurchases in the future depending on a number of factors, including the amount of cash we have available for acquisitions, to pay dividends, to repay or repurchase indebtedness or for other purposes. As of May 31, 2024, the maximum potential dilution from all outstanding stock-based awards, regardless of when granted and regardless of whether vested or unvested, was 6.9%.
During fiscal 2024, the Compensation Committee reviewed and approved the annual organization-wide stock-based award grants to selected employees; all stock-based award grants to senior officers; and any individual grant of RSUs with a value of $5 million or greater. Each member of a separate executive officer committee, referred to as the Plan Committee, was allocated a fiscal 2024 equity budget that could be used throughout the fiscal year to grant equity subject to certain limitations established by the Compensation Committee.
Stock-based awards activity from June 1, 2021 through May 31, 2024 is summarized as follows (shares in millions):
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
For information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements, and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Item 7A.        Quantitative and Qualitat
ive Disclosures About Market Risk
Equity Price Risk
Non-Marketable Equity and Convertible Debt Investments
Our non-marketable equity and convertible debt investments totaled $2.0 billion and $1.6 billion as of May 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our non-marketable equity investments in privately owned companies not accounted for
56
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
under the equity method are adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or for impairment. Our non-marketable equity investments accounted for under the equity method, and convertible debt investments in privately owned companies, primarily in a related party entity, generally do not fluctuate based on market price changes. However, these investments could be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the fair value and is not expected to recover. The timing and amounts of changes in fair values of our non-marketable equity investments depend on factors beyond our control, including the perceived and actual performance of the companies in which we invest. For additional disclosure regarding the impact to our quarterly results of operations from