an appropriate asset or asset group level. We did not recognize any significant property impairment charges in fiscal 2024, 2023 or 2022.
Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Impairment Assessments
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Intangible assets that are not considered to have an indefinite useful life are itemized in Note 6 below and are amortized over their useful lives, which generally range from
one
to
10 years
. At least annually, we assess the useful lives of our finite lived intangible assets and may adjust the period over which these assets are amortized whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a shorter amortization period is more reflective of the period in which these assets contribute to our cash flows.
The
carrying amounts of our goodwill and intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. When goodwill is assessed for impairment, we have the option to perform an assessment of qualitative factors of impairment (optional assessment) prior to necessitating a quantitative impairment test. Should the optional assessment be used for any given fiscal year, qualitative factors considered for a reporting unit include: cost factors; financial performance; legal, regulatory, contractual, political, business, or other factors; entity specific factors; industry and market considerations; macroeconomic conditions; and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. If we determine in the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed. Otherwise, no further testing is
77
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
required.
For those reporting units tested using a quantitative approach, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill. To determine the fair value of each reporting unit we utilize estimates, judgments and assumptions including estimated future cash flows the reporting unit is expected to generate on a discounted basis; the discount rate used as a part of the discounted cash flow analysis; future economic and market conditions; and market comparables of peer companies, among others. If, as per the quantitative test, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, impairment is recognized for the difference, limited to the amount of goodwill recognized for the reporting unit. Our most recent goodwill impairment analysis was performed on March 1, 2024 and did
no
t result in a goodwill impairment charge. We did not recognize impairment charges in fiscal 2023 or 2022.
Recoverability of finite lived intangible assets is