for fiscal 2023, which in each case represented our effective tax rates as derived per our consolidated statements of operations.
Cloud and License Business
Our cloud and license business engages in the sale and marketing of our applications and infrastructure technologies that are delivered through various deployment models and include: Oracle Cloud Services offerings; Oracle cloud license and on-premise license offerings; and Oracle license support offerings. Our cloud services deliver applications and infrastructure technologies on a subscription basis via cloud-based deployment models that we develop, provide unspecified updates and enhancements for, deploy, host, manage and support. Revenues for our cloud services are generally recognized ratably over the contractual term, which is generally one to four years, or in the case of usage model contracts, as the cloud services are consumed. Cloud license and on-premise license revenues represent fees earned from granting customers licenses, generally on a perpetual basis, to use our database and middleware and our applications software products within cloud and on-premise IT environments and are generally recognized up front at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer to download and use. License support revenues are typically generated through the sale of applications and infrastructure software license support contracts related to cloud licenses and on-premise licenses; are purchased by our customers at their option; and are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual term, which is generally one year. We continue to place significant emphasis, both domestically and internationally, on direct sales through our own sales force. We also continue to market certain of our offerings through indirect channels. Costs associated with our cloud and license business are included in cloud services and license support expenses and sales and marketing expenses. These costs are largely personnel and infrastructure related including the cost of providing our cloud services and license support offerings, salaries and commissions earned by our sales force for the sale of our cloud and license offerings and marketing program costs.
47
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
(1)
Excludes stock-based compensation and certain expense allocations. Also excludes amortization of intangible assets and certain other GAAP-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our CODMs, as further described under “Presentation of Operating Segment Results and Other Financial Information” above.
Excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, our cloud and license business’ total revenues increased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 due to growth in our cloud services and license support revenues as customers purchased our applications and infrastructure technologies via cloud and license