investments during the first nine months of fiscal 2025. Our cash and cash equivalents may be impacted by some or all of the aforementioned factors in future periods, the amounts and timing of which are variable.
Cash flows from operating activities
:
Our largest source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers following the purchase and renewal of their cloud services and license support agreements. Customers for these cloud services and license support agreements are generally billed in advance of services being provided. Over the course of a fiscal year, we also generate cash from the sales of new licenses, hardware offerings and other services. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are typically for employee related expenditures, material and manufacturing costs related to the production of our hardware products, taxes, interest payments and leased facilities.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $2.1 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2025, relative to the first nine months of fiscal 2024, primarily due to higher net income adjusted for certain non-cash charges, partially offset by certain cash unfavorable working capital changes, net.
Cash flows from investing activities
:
The changes in cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to our investments in capital assets primarily to support the growth in our cloud and license business and acquisitions, purchases, maturities and sales of our investments in marketable securities and other instruments.
Net cash used for investing activities increased by $7.9 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2025, relative to the first nine months of fiscal 2024, primarily due to the increase in capital expenditures.
Cash flows from financing activities
:
The changes in cash flows from financing activities primarily relate to borrowings and repayments related to our debt instruments, stock repurchases, dividend payments and net proceeds related to employee stock programs.
Net cash provided by financing activities was $4.9 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 compared to the net cash used for financing activities of $8.3 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2024. The increase in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of senior notes, net of issuance
37
Table of Contents
costs, of $13.9 billion, lower net cash used for our employee stock programs of $1.0 billion and lower net cash used for repurchases of common stock of $600 million, partially offset by higher repayments of commercial paper notes of $1.3 billion, net of issuances, higher scheduled repayments of borrowings of $641 million and higher net cash used for other activities of $384 million, in each case in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 relative to the first nine months of fiscal 2024. Further, during the first nine months of fiscal 2025, we refinanced our Term Loan Credit Agreement (defined below), which