marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities. We estimate the financial impact of any potential acquisition with regard to earnings, operating margin, cash flows and return on invested capital targets, among others, before deciding to move forward with an acquisition.
24
Table of Contents
Investment in Ampere Computing Holdings LLC
From time to time since 2017, we have made investments in Ampere Computing Holdings LLC (Ampere), a related party entity, in the form of equity and convertible debt instruments. The total carrying value of our investments in Ampere, after accounting for losses under the equity method of accounting, was $1.5 billion as of February 28, 2025. We currently expect Ampere to continue to generate net losses in future periods, but we remain confident in the long-term potential of Ampere’s server chips.
Our equity investments in Ampere represent an ownership interest of approximately 29% as of February 28, 2025. We also own convertible debt investments in Ampere which, under the terms of an agreement with Ampere and other co-investors, will mature in June 2026 and are convertible into equity securities at the holder’s option under certain circumstances. During the nine months ended February 28, 2025, we invested an aggregate of $225 million in convertible debt instruments issued by Ampere. In accordance with the terms of an agreement with other co-investors, we are also a counterparty to certain put (exercisable by a co-investor) and call (exercisable by Oracle) options at prices of approximately $450 million to $1.5 billion, respectively, to acquire additional equity interests in Ampere from our co-investors through January 2027. If either of such options is exercised by us or our co-investors, we would obtain control of Ampere and consolidate its results with our results of operations.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with United States (U.S.) generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), which requires us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. To the extent that there are differences between these estimates, judgments or assumptions and actual results, our financial statements will be affected. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of business combinations, income taxes and non-marketable investments.
During the first quarter