equivalents and marketable securities held, substantially all of which were classified as available-for-sale:
As of May 31, 2024 and 2023, all of our marketable debt securities investments mature within one year. Our investment portfolio is subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. As described above, we limit purchases of marketable debt securities to investment-grade securities, which have high credit ratings and also limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. As stated in our investment policy, we are averse to principal loss and seek to preserve our invested funds by limiting default risk and market risk.
Restricted cash that was included within cash and cash equivalents as presented within our consolidated balance sheets as of May 31, 2024 and 2023 and our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended May 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was immaterial.
4.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
We perform fair value measurements in accordance with ASC 820. ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at their fair values, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the assets or liabilities, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and risk of nonperformance.
ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. An asset’s or a liability’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:
•
Level 1: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
•
Level 2: inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or
•
Level 3: unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair values of the assets or liabilities.
82
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis consisted of the following (Level 1 and Level 2 inputs are defined above):
Our valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of our instruments that were classified as Level