capital expenditures, $3.5 billion of repayment of senior notes during fiscal 2024, payments of cash dividends to our stockholders, purchases of non-marketable investments, net cash used for our employee stock programs and repurchases of our common stock. Our cash and cash equivalents may be impacted by some or all of the aforementioned factors in future periods, the amounts and timing of which are variable.
53
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Cash flows from operating activities
:
Our largest source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers following the purchase and renewal of their license support and cloud services agreements. Customers for these license support and cloud services agreements are generally billed in advance of services being provided. Over the course of a fiscal year, we also generate cash from the sales of new licenses, hardware offerings and other services. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are typically for employee related expenditures, material and manufacturing costs related to the production of our hardware products, taxes, interest payments and leased facilities.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher net income, partially offset by certain cash unfavorable working capital changes, net.
Cash flows from investing activities
:
The changes in cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to our acquisitions, purchases, maturities and sales of our investments in marketable securities and other instruments and investments in capital assets primarily to support the growth in our cloud and license business.
Net cash used for investing activities decreased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the decrease in cash used for acquisitions, net of cash acquired and lower capital expenditures.
Cash flows from financing activities
:
The changes in cash flows from financing activities primarily relate to borrowings and repayments related to our debt instruments, stock repurchases, dividend payments and net proceeds related to employee stock programs.
Net cash used for financing activities was $10.6 billion during fiscal 2024 compared to the net cash provided by financing activities of $7.9 billion in fiscal 2023. The increase in net cash used for financing activities was primarily due to the absence of the cash proceeds from borrowings pursuant to the issuance of senior notes and Term Loan Credit Agreement, higher repayments of commercial paper notes, net of issuances, higher net cash used for our employee stock programs and higher dividend payments, partially offset by lower maturities of senior notes and lower stock repurchases, in each case in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2023 we borrowed $15.7 billion pursuant to the Bridge Credit Agreement, which was fully repaid within fiscal 2023.
Free cash flow
:
To supplement our statements of cash flows presented on