recognized subsequent to cash collection for an invoice. Our standard payment terms are generally net 30 days but may vary. Invoices for cloud license and on-premise licenses and hardware products are generally issued when the license is made available for customer use or upon delivery to the customer of the hardware product. Invoices for license support and hardware support contracts are generally invoiced annually in advance. Cloud SaaS and cloud infrastructure contracts are generally invoiced annually, quarterly or monthly in advance. Services are generally invoiced in advance or as the services are performed. Most contracts that contain a financing component are contracts financed through our Oracle financing division. The transaction price for a contract that is financed through our Oracle financing division is adjusted to reflect the time value of money and interest revenue is recorded as a component of non-operating expenses, net within our consolidated statements of operations based on market rates in the country in which the transaction is being financed.
Our revenue arrangements generally include standard warranty or service level provisions that our arrangements will perform and operate in all material respects as defined in the respective agreements, the financial impacts of which have historically been and are expected to continue to be insignificant. Our arrangements generally do not include a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services. We recognize revenues net of any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.
Revenue Recognition for Cloud Services
Revenues from cloud services provided on a subscription basis are generally recognized ratably over the contractual period that the cloud services are delivered, beginning on the date our service is made available to a customer. We recognize revenue ratably because the customer receives and consumes the benefits of the cloud services throughout the contract period. Revenues from cloud services that are provided on a consumption basis, such as metered services, are generally recognized based on the utilization of the services by the customer.
72
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Revenue Recognition for License Support and Hardware Support
Oracle’s primary performance obligations with respect to license support contracts and hardware support contracts are to provide customers with technical support as needed and unspecified software product upgrades, maintenance releases and patches during the term of the support period, if and when they are available, and hardware product repairs, as applicable. Oracle is obligated to make the license and hardware support services available continuously throughout the contract period. Therefore, revenues for license support contracts and hardware support contracts are generally recognized ratably over the contractual periods that the support services are provided.