Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
For those tax related contingencies that are not a part of a business combination, we account for these uncertain tax issues pursuant to ASC 740,
Income Taxes
, which contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The first step is to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained in an audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given with respect to the final outcome of these matters. We adjust reserves for our uncertain tax positions due to changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, judicial rulings, and refinement of estimates or realization of earnings or deductions that differ from our estimates. To the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences generally will impact our provision for income taxes in the period in which such a determination is made. Our provisions for income taxes include the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate and also include the related interest and penalties.
Non-Marketable Investments
We assess our non-marketable debt and equity investments for credit losses and impairment on a quarterly basis and as facts and circumstances change. Our analysis includes an assessment of various qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee’s historical financial results, current financial projections, rate of cash usage and assumptions regarding product acceptance and opportunity within the market. This analysis requires significant judgment in evaluating underlying factors. In some instances, investee specific information available to us to make this assessment may be limited or may be available on a delayed basis. If the investment is determined to be impaired, we adjust the carrying amount of such investment to its estimated fair value by recognizing a charge, which is included in non-operating expenses, net in our consolidated statements of operations. Estimating the fair value of an investment upon impairment involves a significant level of estimation, uncertainty and judgment. We may incur future losses due to impairments, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
Results of Operations
Presentation of Operating Segment Results and Other Financial Information
In our results of operations discussion below, we provide an overview of our total consolidated revenues, total consolidated operating expenses and total consolidated operating margin, all of which are