statement of defense in response to our Supreme Court appeal and a counter appeal on February 27, 2025. The appeal has been stayed until March 28, 2025 to allow Oracle to submit a statement of defense to the counter appeal.
We believe that we have meritorious defenses against this action, including defenses to the quantum of damages claimed, and we will continue to vigorously defend it.
While the final outcome of this matter cannot be predicted with certainty and we cannot estimate a range of loss at this time, we do not believe that it will have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
Other Litigation
We are party to various other legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings and claims that relate to acquisitions we have completed or to companies we have acquired or are attempting to acquire. While the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will result in losses that are materially in excess of amounts already recognized, if any.
21
Table of Contents
Item 2.         Management’s Discussion and Analysis o
f Financial Condition and Results of Operations
We begin Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. This overview is followed by a summary of our critical accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding significant assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results. We then provide a more detailed analysis of our results of operations and financial condition.
Business Overview
Oracle provides products and services that address enterprise information technology (IT) needs. Our products and services include enterprise applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. These models include on-premise, cloud-based and hybrid deployments (an approach that combines both on-premise and cloud-based deployments). Accordingly, we offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service and deployment combinations that best suit our customers’ needs. Through our worldwide sales force and Oracle Partner Network, we sell to customers all over the world including businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions and resellers.
We have three businesses: cloud and license; hardware; and services; each of which comprises a single operating segment. The descriptions set forth below as a part of this Item 2 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the information contained within Note 8 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report provide additional