data transmissions, the processing of patient information, healthcare fraud and healthcare information sharing.
Following the European Union’s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the rate of global consideration and adoption of privacy laws has increased, giving rise to more global jurisdictions in which regulatory inquiries and audits may be requested of Oracle, and if we are not deemed to be in compliance, could result in enforcement actions and/or fines. This is true in the U.S. where, for example, a number of states have enacted privacy laws, the U.S. Congress is considering several privacy and security-related bills at the federal level, the federal government is pursuing a range of cybersecurity initiatives pertaining to critical infrastructure companies and government contractors, and a number of other state legislatures are considering privacy laws. Regulators globally are also imposing greater monetary fines for privacy violations. The GDPR provides for monetary penalties of up to €20 million, or up to 4% of an organization’s worldwide revenue of the preceding financial year, whichever is greater. These penalties can be significant. For example, a U.S.-based technology company was fined €1.2 billion for alleged GDPR violations in 2023. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission continues to fine companies for unfair and deceptive data protection practices, and these fines may increase in size. Taken together, the laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal and other types of data could greatly increase the size of potential fines related to data protection, and our cost of providing our products and services could result in changes to our business
25
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
practices or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate. Although we have implemented contracts, diligence programs, policies and procedures designed to address compliance with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, partners, suppliers, data providers or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our contracts, policies and procedures. Additionally, public perception and standards related to the privacy of personal information can shift rapidly, in ways that may affect our reputation or influence regulators to enact regulations and laws that may limit our ability to provide certain products and services. For example, numerous jurisdictions, including the EU, are considering laws and regulations that would impose additional data privacy and other compliance requirements on the use of AI and could require us to adjust or limit our product offerings in such jurisdictions.
We make statements about our use and disclosure of personal information through our privacy policy, information provided on our website and press statements. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with these public statements or with