at the forefront of positive social impact through initiatives focused on education, the environment, community and health. Our philanthropic education initiatives, Oracle Academy and the Oracle Education Foundation, help students develop the skills they need to become technology innovators and leaders. Oracle also hosts Design Tech High School, a public charter school, at our Redwood Shores, California campus. Through our nonprofit organization, Oracle Health Foundation, we deliver pediatric grants and school-based wellness programs to create healthier tomorrows and stronger communities.
Seasonality and Cyclicality
Our quarterly revenues have historically been affected by a variety of seasonal factors, including the structure of our sales force incentive compensation plans, which are common in the IT industry. In each fiscal year, our total revenues and operating margins are typically highest in our fourth fiscal quarter and lowest in our first fiscal quarter. See “Cloud and License Business” in Item 7 of this Annual Report for more information regarding the seasonality and cyclicality of the revenues, expenses and margins of our cloud and license business, which is our largest business.
Competition
We face intense competition in all aspects of our business. The nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving as firms emerge, expand or are acquired, as technology evolves and as customer demands and competitive pressures otherwise change.
Our customers are demanding less complexity and lower total cost in the implementation, sourcing, integration and ongoing maintenance of their IT environments. Our enterprise cloud, license and hardware offerings compete directly with certain offerings from some of the largest and most competitive companies in the world, including Adobe Systems Incorporated, Alphabet Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Intel Corporation, International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Salesforce, Inc. and SAP SE, as well as other companies like Hewlett-Packard Enterprise and Workday, Inc. In addition, due to the low barriers to entry in many of our market segments, new technologies and new and growing competitors frequently emerge to challenge our offerings. Our competitors range from companies offering broad IT solutions across many of our lines of business to vendors providing point solutions, or offerings focused on a specific functionality, product area or industry. In addition, as we expand into new market segments, we face increased competition as we compete with existing competitors, as well as firms that may be partners in other areas of our business and other firms with whom we have not previously competed. For example, following our acquisition of Cerner Corporation (Cerner), we also face competition from large healthcare IT providers such as Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc., Arcadia Solutions, athenahealth, Inc., Epic Systems Corporation and