payments related to our senior notes and other borrowings that were included in our consolidated balance sheet and the related periodic interest payments;
•
routine tax payments including those that are payable pursuant to the transition tax under the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 that were included in our consolidated balance sheet;
•
operating lease liabilities that were included in our consolidated balance sheet;
•
operating lease commitments that have not yet commenced and were not included in our consolidated balance sheet; and
•
other contractual commitments associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding.
In addition, as of May 31, 2024, we had $11.0 billion of gross unrecognized income tax benefits, including related interest and penalties, recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, the nature of which is uncertain with respect to settlement or release with the relevant tax authorities, although we believe it is reasonably possible that certain of these liabilities could be settled or released during fiscal 2025. We are involved in claims and legal proceedings, which are inherently uncertain with respect to outcomes, estimates and assumptions that we make as of each reporting period, are inherently unpredictable, and many aspects are out of our control. Notes 7, 10, 13 and 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report include additional information regarding our most material contractual obligations and contingencies.
We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, and our borrowing arrangements will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and contractual obligations requirements. In addition, we believe that we could fund our future acquisitions, dividend payments and repurchases of common stock or debt with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities.
55
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Stock-Based Awards
Our stock-based compensation program is a key component of the compensation package we provide to attract and retain certain of our talented employees and align their interests with the interests of existing stockholders.
We recognize that stock-based awards dilute existing stockholders and have sought to control the number of stock-based awards granted while providing competitive compensation packages. Consistent with these dual goals, our cumulative potential dilution since June 1, 2021 has been an annualized rate of 2.1% per year. The potential dilution percentage is calculated as the average annualized new stock-based awards granted and assumed, net of stock-based awards forfeited by employees leaving the company, divided by the weighted-average outstanding shares during the calculation period. This maximum potential dilution