risk management audits to assess and report on our internal incident response preparedness and help identify areas for continued focus and improvement. We conduct periodic penetration testing to identify vulnerabilities in our products, services, and systems. We also undergo security-related industry certifications and attestations by external auditors, including System and Organization Controls (SOC) 1, SOC 2, International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001, 27017 and 27018, Cloud Security Alliance Security Trust Assurance and Risk (CSA STAR), Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) and other compliance frameworks. Additionally, our vendor risk management program identifies and mitigates risks associated with third-party service providers, including those within our supply chain and those with access to our customer or employee data or systems. We use the findings from these and other processes to review our information security practices, procedures and technologies.
Cybersecurity is an important area of focus for our Board of Directors. Our information security risk management program is designed to allow our Board of Directors to establish a mutual understanding with management of the effectiveness of our information security risk management practices and capabilities, including the division of responsibilities for reviewing our information security risk exposure and risk tolerance, tracking emerging information risks and ensuring proper escalation of certain key risks for periodic review by the Board of Directors and its committees. As part of its broader risk oversight activities, the Board of Directors oversees risks from cybersecurity risks, both directly and through the Finance and Audit Committee (F&A Committee). As reflected in its charter, the F&A Committee assists the Board of Directors with the management and assessment of privacy and data security risk and is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management privacy and data security risk exposures, including, among other things, the potential impacts of those exposures on our business, financial results, operations and reputation. The F&A Committee also oversees our internal controls over financial reporting, including with respect to financial reporting-related information systems.
As an element of its information security risk management oversight activities, the F&A Committee reviews the results of our incident response control tests, external and internal audits and penetration testing and oversees our vendor risk management program. The F&A Committee also receives quarterly updates regarding cybersecurity matters from senior management, including Mr. Screven, our Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Architect (Chief Corporate Architect). In turn, the F&A Committee reports to the full Board of Directors on a quarterly basis regarding the F&A Committee’s cybersecurity risk oversight activities. We also have Board members with expansive