storage and operating system software with Oracle server, storage and networking hardware. We offer some of our Oracle Engineered Systems, including the Oracle Exadata Database Machine, among others, through flexible deployment options, including on-premise, as a cloud offering in OCI, and as a hybrid cloud offering in customer data centers.
11
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Oracle Servers
We offer a wide range of Oracle server products that are designed for mission-critical enterprise environments and that are key components of our Oracle Engineered Systems and Oracle Cloud offerings. We have two families of server products: those based on the Oracle SPARC microprocessor, which are designed to be differentiated by their reliability, security and scalability, specifically for UNIX environments; and those using x86 microprocessors. By offering a range of server sizes and microprocessors, customers have the flexibility to choose the types of servers that they believe will be most appropriate and valuable for their IT environments.
Oracle Storage
Oracle storage products are engineered for cloud, on-premise and hybrid IT environments and designed to securely archive, back up, manage and protect customers’ mission-critical data assets. Oracle storage products combine flash, disk, tape and server technologies with optimized software and unique integrations with the Oracle Database offering greater performance and efficiency and lower total cost relative to our competitors’ storage products. Certain of our storage products provide integration with Oracle Cloud Services for backup and archiving.
Oracle Industry-Specific Hardware Offerings
We offer hardware products and services designed for certain specific industries, including, among others, our point-of-sale terminals and related hardware that are designed for managing businesses within the food and beverage, hospitality and retail industries; hardware products for the healthcare industry; and hardware products and services for communications networks, including network signaling, routing and policy control and subscriber data management solutions for 5G technology.
Oracle Operating Systems, Virtualization, Management and Other Hardware-Related Software
We offer a portfolio of operating systems, including Oracle Linux and Oracle Solaris, virtualization software and other hardware-related software. We also offer a range of management technologies and products, including Oracle Enterprise Manager and the Oracle Cloud Observability and Management platform, designed to help customers efficiently operate complex IT environments, including both end users’ and service providers’ cloud environments.
Oracle Hardware Support
Oracle hardware support offerings provide customers with unspecified software updates for software components that are essential to the functionality of our hardware products such as for Oracle operating systems and firmware. These offerings can also include product