Presentation
Our international operations have provided, and are expected to continue to provide, a significant portion of each of our businesses’ revenues and expenses. As a result, each of our businesses’ revenues and expenses and our total revenues and expenses will continue to be affected by changes in the U.S. Dollar against major international currencies. In order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed, excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, we compare the percent change in the results from one period to another period in this Quarterly Report using constant currency. To present this information, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than U.S. Dollars are converted into U.S. Dollars at constant exchange rates (i.e., the rates in effect on May 31, 2024, which was the last day of our prior fiscal year) rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. For example, if an entity reporting in Euros had revenues of 1.0 million Euros from products sold on February 28, 2025 and February 29, 2024, our financial statements would reflect reported revenues of $1.05 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 (using 1.05 as the applicable average exchange rate for the period) and $1.08 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 (using 1.08 as the applicable average exchange rate for the period). The constant currency presentation, however, would translate the results for each of the first nine months of fiscal 2025 and 2024 using the May 31, 2024 exchange rate and indicate, in this example, no change in revenues between the periods compared. In each of the tables below, we present the percent change based on actual, unrounded results in reported currency and in constant currency.
Total Revenues and Operating Expenses
(1)
Comprised of Europe, the Middle East and Africa
26
Table of Contents
Total revenues increased by $850 million and $2.8 billion in reported currency in the third quarter and the first nine months of fiscal 2025, respectively, relative to the corresponding prior year periods, due to a $917 million and a $3.1 billion increase in cloud and license revenues, partially offset by a $51 million and a $138 million decrease in hardware revenues and a $16 million and a $173 million decrease in services revenues, in each case during the third quarter and the first nine months of fiscal 2025, respectively, relative to the corresponding prior year periods. Excluding the unfavorable effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations of 2% in the third quarter of fiscal 2025 and 1% in the first nine months of fiscal 2025, the increase in our cloud and license business revenues was primarily due to growth in our cloud services revenues as customers purchased our applications and infrastructure technologies and also renewed their related cloud contracts to continue to gain access to the latest versions of our