deployment models and renewed their related cloud contracts and license support contracts to continue to gain access to the latest versions of our technologies and to receive support services for which we delivered such cloud and support services during the period presented. The growth in our cloud services and license support revenues was partially offset by a decrease in our cloud license and on-premise license revenues. In constant currency, the Americas, the EMEA and the Asia Pacific regions contributed 71%, 18% and 11%, respectively, of the constant currency revenue growth for this business during fiscal 2024.
In constant currency, our total cloud and license business’ expenses increased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher technology infrastructure expenses to support the increase in our cloud and license business’ revenues. These constant currency expense increases were partially offset by lower sales and marketing expenses, which decreased primarily due to lower employee related expenses due to lower headcount. Our cloud services and license support expenses have grown in recent periods, and we expect this trend to continue during fiscal 2025 as we increase our existing data center capacity and establish data centers in new geographic locations in order to meet current and expected customer demand.
Excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, our cloud and license business’ total margin increased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 due to increases in total revenues for this business. In constant currency, total margin as a percentage of revenues remained flat in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023.
48
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Hardware Business
Our hardware business’ revenues are generated from the sales of our Oracle Engineered Systems, server, storage and industry-specific hardware offerings. The hardware product and related software, such as an operating system or firmware, are highly interdependent and interrelated and are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. The revenues for this combined performance obligation are generally recognized at the point in time that the hardware product is delivered to the customer and ownership is transferred to the customer. Our hardware business also earns revenues from the sale of hardware support contracts purchased by our customers at their option and that are generally recognized as revenues ratably as the hardware support services are delivered over the contractual term, which is generally one year. The majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels such as independent distributors and value-added resellers and we also market and sell our hardware products through our direct sales force. Operating expenses associated with our hardware business include the cost of hardware products, which consists of expenses for materials and labor used to produce these products by our internal manufacturing operations