Measurement
(ASC 820). ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at their fair values, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the assets or liabilities, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and risk of nonperformance.
11
Table of Contents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
February 28, 2025
(Unaudited)
ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. An asset’s or a liability’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:
•
Level 1:  quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
•
Level 2:  inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or
•
Level 3:  unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair values of the assets or liabilities.
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis consisted of the following (Level 1 and Level 2 inputs are defined above):
Our cash equivalents and marketable securities investments consist of money market funds, time deposits and marketable equity securities. Marketable securities as presented per our condensed consolidated balance sheets included debt securities with original maturities at the time of purchase greater than three months and the remainder of the debt securities were included in cash and cash equivalents. We classify our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such classification as of each balance sheet date. As of February 28, 2025 and May 31, 2024, all of our marketable debt securities investments mature within one year. Our valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of our instruments that were classified as Level 1 in the table above were derived from quoted market prices and active markets for these instruments that exist. Our valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of Level 2