our infrastructure technologies to work in our customers’ on-premise IT environments that may include other Oracle or non-Oracle hardware or software components. Our flexible and open approach also provides Oracle customers with a choice as to how they can utilize and deploy Oracle infrastructure technologies: through the use of Oracle Cloud offerings; on-premise in our customers’ data centers; or a hybrid combination of these two deployment models, such as in the Oracle Exadata Cloud@Customer deployment models (described further below). We focus on the operation and integration of Oracle infrastructure technologies to make them easier to deploy, extend, interconnect, manage and maintain for our customers and to improve computing performance relative to our competitors’ offerings. For example, the Oracle Exadata Database Machine integrates multiple Oracle technology components to work together to deliver improved performance, availability, scalability, security and operational efficiency of Oracle Database workloads relative to our competitors’ products.
Oracle Infrastructure Technologies – Cloud and License Business Offerings
Oracle infrastructure technologies are marketed, sold and delivered through our cloud and license business. Our infrastructure cloud services and license support revenues represented 54%, 53% and 58% of our total cloud services and license support revenues during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)
OCI offerings are based upon Oracle’s Next-Generation Cloud Infrastructure and are designed to deliver our infrastructure technologies, including compute, storage and networking services, as a service. OCI offerings include our Oracle Autonomous Database offerings, among others, that Oracle runs, manages, upgrades and supports on behalf of the customer. We typically charge a prepaid fee that is decremented as the OCI services are consumed by the customer over a stated time period. By utilizing OCI, customers can leverage the Oracle Cloud for enterprise-grade, high performance, scalable, cost-effective and secure infrastructure technologies that are designed to be rapidly deployable and provide real-time elasticity while reducing the amount of time and resources normally consumed by IT processes within on-premise environments. OCI is designed to be differentiated from other cloud vendors to provide better security by separating cloud control code computers from customer compute nodes. Customers use OCI to build and operate new applications ranging from low-code to AI powered cloud-native
8
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
applications, to run new workloads and to move their existing Oracle or non-Oracle workloads to the Oracle Cloud from their on-premise data centers or other cloud-based IT environments, among other uses. We continue to invest in OCI to improve features and performance; to expand the catalog of cloud-based infrastructure tools and services that we provide; to