sheet as of May 31, 2024 or in the maturities table below.
Maturities of operating lease liabilities were as follows as of May 31, 2024 (in millions):
Subsequent to May 31, 2024, we entered into $
9.3
billion of additional operating lease commitments for data centers that are generally expected to commence between fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026 and for terms of
fourteen
to
fifteen years
.
Unconditional Obligations
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into certain unconditional purchase obligations with our suppliers, which are agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and specify terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the payment. Certain routine arrangements that are entered into in the ordinary course of business are not included in the amounts below, as they are generally entered into in order to secure pricing or other negotiated terms and are difficult to quantify in a meaningful way or are for terms of less than one year.
As of May 31, 2024, our unconditional purchase and certain other obligations were as follows (in millions):
91
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
As described in Note 7 above, as of May 31, 2024 we have senior notes and other borrowings that mature at various future dates and derivative financial instruments outstanding that we leverage to manage certain risks and exposures.
Guarantees
Our cloud, license and hardware sales agreements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if our products infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, we have not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnifications and have not accrued any material liabilities related to such obligations in our consolidated financial statements. Certain of our sales agreements also include provisions indemnifying customers against liabilities in the event we breach confidentiality or service level requirements. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to our limited and infrequent history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement.
Our Oracle Cloud Services agreements generally include a warranty that the cloud services will be performed in all material respects as defined in the agreement during the service period. Our license and hardware agreements also generally include a warranty that our products will substantially operate as described in the applicable program documentation for a period of one year after delivery. We also warrant that services we perform will be provided in a manner consistent with industry standards for a period of 90 days from performance of the services.
11.
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
Common Stock Repurchases
Our Board of Directors has approved a program for us to repurchase shares of our common stock.