or by third-party manufacturers, warranty and related expenses and the impact of periodic changes in inventory valuation, including the impact of inventory determined to be excess and obsolete; the cost of materials used to repair customer products with eligible support contracts; the cost of labor and infrastructure to provide support services; and sales and marketing expenses, which are largely personnel related and include variable compensation earned by our sales force for the sales of our hardware offerings.
(1)
Excludes stock-based compensation and certain expense allocations. Also excludes amortization of intangible assets and certain other GAAP-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our CODMs, as further described under “Presentation of Operating Segment Results and Other Financial Information” above.
Our constant currency hardware revenues decreased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 primarily due to our continued emphasis on the marketing and sale of our cloud-based infrastructure technologies and strategic hardware offerings and the de-emphasis of our sales and marketing efforts for non-strategic hardware products, which resulted in reduced sales volumes of certain of our hardware product lines and also impacted the volume of hardware support contracts sold in recent periods. Geographically, we experienced constant currency revenue declines in the Americas and the EMEA regions, partially offset by a constant currency revenue increase in the Asia Pacific region, in fiscal 2024.
Excluding the effects of currency rate fluctuations, total hardware expenses decreased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower hardware product costs and lower sales and marketing expenses, all of which aligned with lower hardware revenues.
49
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
In constant currency, our hardware business’ total margin decreased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 due to lower total revenues for this business. In constant currency, total margin as a percentage of revenues increased in fiscal 2024 relative to fiscal 2023 due to lower total expenses for this business.
Services Business
Our services offerings are designed to help maximize the performance of customer investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies and include our consulting services and advanced customer services offerings. Services revenues are generally recognized over time as the services are performed. The cost of providing our services consists primarily of personnel related expenses, technology infrastructure expenditures, facilities expenses and external contractor expenses.
(1)
Excludes stock-based compensation and certain allocations. Also excludes certain other GAAP-based expenses, which were not allocated to our operating segment results for purposes of reporting to and review by our CODMs, as further described under “Presentation of