INFORMATION
ASC 280,
Segment Reporting
, establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Our chief operating decision makers (CODMs) are our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer. We are organized by line of business and geographically. While our CODMs evaluate results in a number of different ways, the line of business management structure is the primary basis for which the allocation of resources and financial results are assessed. The tabular information below presents financial information that is provided to our CODMs for their review and assists our CODMs with evaluating the company’s performance and allocating company resources
.
We have
three
businesses—cloud and license, hardware and services—each of which is comprised of a
single
operating segment. All
three
of our businesses market and sell our offerings globally to businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions and resellers with a worldwide sales force positioned to offer the combinations that best meet customer needs.
Our cloud and license business engages in the sale, marketing and delivery of our enterprise applications and infrastructure technologies through cloud and on-premise deployment models including our cloud services and license support offerings; and our cloud license and on-premise license offerings. Cloud services and license support revenues are generated from offerings that are typically contracted with customers directly, billed to customers in advance, delivered to customers over time with our revenue recognition occurring over the contractual terms and renewed by customers upon completion of the contractual terms. Cloud services and license support contracts provide customers with access to the latest updates to the applications and infrastructure technologies as they become available and for which the customer contracted and also include related technical support services over the contractual term. Cloud license and on-premise license revenues represent fees earned from granting customers licenses, generally on a perpetual basis, to use our database and middleware and our applications software products within cloud and on-premise IT environments. We generally recognize revenues at the point in time the software is made available to the customer to download and use, which typically is immediate upon signature of the license
100
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
contract. In each fiscal year, our cloud and license business’ contractual activities are typically highest in our fourth fiscal quarter and the related cash flows are typically highest in the following quarter (i.e., in the first fiscal quarter of the