next fiscal year) as we receive payments from these contracts.
Our hardware business provides infrastructure technologies including Oracle Engineered Systems, servers, storage, industry-specific hardware, operating systems, virtualization, management and other hardware-related software to support diverse IT environments. Our hardware business also offers hardware support, which provides customers with software updates for the software components that are essential to the functionality of their hardware products and can also include product repairs, maintenance services and technical support services that are typically delivered and recognized ratably over the contractual term.
Our services business provides services to customers and partners to help maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies.
We do not track our assets for each business. Consequently, it is not practical to show assets by operating segment.
The following table presents summary results for each of our three businesses for each of fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022:
(1)
The margins reported reflect only the direct controllable costs of each line of business and do not include allocations of research and development, general and administrative and certain other allocable expenses, net. Additionally, the margins reported above do not reflect amortization of intangible assets, acquisition related and other expenses, restructuring expenses, stock-based compensation, interest expense or certain other non-operating expenses, net. Refer to the table below for a reconciliation of our total margin for operating segments to our income before income taxes as reported per our consolidated statements of operations.
101
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
The following table reconciles total margin for operating segments to income before income taxes:
Disaggregation of Revenues
We have considered information that is regularly reviewed by our CODMs in evaluating financial performance and disclosures presented outside of our financial statements in our earnings releases and used in investor presentations to disaggregate revenues to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors. The principal category we use to disaggregate revenues is the nature of our products and services as presented in our consolidated statements of operations.
The following table is a summary of our total revenues by geographic region:
(1)
Comprised of Europe, the Middle East and Africa
The following table presents our cloud services and license support revenues by offerings:
The following table presents our cloud services and license support revenues by applications and infrastructure ecosystems:
102
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Geographic Information
Disclosed in the table below is geographic information for each country that comprised greater than three percent of our total