the financial impacts of standard warranty or service level provisions in our revenue arrangements will continue to be insignificant;
•
our expectation that supply chain shortages and the risks associated with our response to such shortages, including committing to higher purchases and balances of hardware products, will continue to impact us in the future;
•
our beliefs regarding the retention of employees and how our products help to improve our employees’ learning experiences;
as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words “anticipates,” “believes,” “continues,” “could,” “endeavors,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “is designed to,” “likely,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “seeks,” “shall,” “should,” “strives,” “will” and similar expressions. We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Exchange Act and the Securities Act for all forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about our business that could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this Annual Report and as may be updated in filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed by us in our fiscal year 2025, which runs from June 1, 2024 to May 31, 2025.
We have no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or risks, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. New information, future events or risks could cause the
2
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
forward-looking events we discuss in this Annual Report not to occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our expectations only as of the date of this Annual Report.
3
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
PAR
T I
Item 1.
Business
Oracle provides products and services that address enterprise information technology (IT) needs. Our products and services include enterprise applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. These models include on-premise, cloud-based