completed in the latter part of a quarter. Because a significant portion of our cost structure is largely fixed in the short term, sales and revenue shortfalls tend to have a disproportionately negative impact on our profitability. We typically have a number of large transactions each quarter, which increases
30
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
the risk of fluctuations in our quarterly results. If we lose one or more of our key customers for any reason, or we experience a delay in even a small number of these large transactions, our quarterly sales, revenues and profitability could fall significantly short of our predictions. In addition, sudden shifts in regional or global economic or political activity may cause our sales forecasts to be inaccurate.
In addition, we hold a portfolio of publicly traded equity investments and privately held debt and equity investments, including investments in Ampere Computing Holdings LLC (Ampere), a privately held related party entity in which we had an ownership interest of approximately 29% as of May 31, 2024. Any impairment charges and effect of changes in the fair values of certain of these investments are recorded as unrealized gains or losses as a component of consolidated net income in each period. The timing and amount of impairment charges or changes in fair value, if any, of these investments depends on factors beyond our control, including the perceived and actual performance of the companies or funds in which we invest, and are also subject to the general conditions of public and private equity markets, which are uncertain and have in the past varied, and may in the future vary, materially by period. Changes in the fair values of these investments, including Ampere, have contributed, and may in the future contribute, to volatility in our net income that is not reflective of our core businesses. The amount of our investments in Ampere could increase in future periods for a variety of reasons, including due to the potential exercise of put options by our co-investors or call options by us. If either of these options are exercised by us or our co-investors, we would acquire control of Ampere and its results would be consolidated with our results of operations. Ampere has generated net losses in the past and we currently expect such entity to generate net losses in future periods that we may need to consolidate into our results of operations in future periods.
Changes in currency exchange rates can adversely affect customer demand and our revenue and profitability.
We conduct a significant number of transactions and hold cash in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Changes in the values of major foreign currencies, particularly the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Brazilian Real, Canadian Dollar, Euro, Indian Rupee, Japanese Yen and Saudi Riyal, relative to the U.S. Dollar can significantly affect our total assets, revenues, operating results and cash flows, which are reported in U.S.