greater scale to accelerate innovation, grow our revenues and earnings and increase stockholder value. We have invested billions of dollars over time to acquire a number of companies, products, services and technologies that add to, are complementary to, or have otherwise enhanced our existing offerings. We expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services and technologies to further our corporate strategy.
We have three businesses: cloud and license; hardware; and services. Each business is comprised of a single operating segment. Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, both included elsewhere in this Annual Report, provide additional information related to our businesses and operating segments.
Oracle Corporation was incorporated in 2005 as a Delaware corporation and is the successor to operations originally begun in June 1977.
Oracle Applications and Infrastructure Technologies
Oracle’s comprehensive portfolio of applications and infrastructure technologies is designed to address an organization’s IT environment needs, including business process, infrastructure and applications development requirements, among others. Oracle technologies are based upon industry standards and are designed to be enterprise-grade, reliable, scalable and secure. Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies, including database and middleware software as well as enterprise applications, virtualization, clustering, large-scale systems management and related infrastructure products and services, are the building blocks of Oracle Cloud Services, our partners’ cloud services and our customers’ cloud IT environments. Oracle applications and infrastructure offerings are marketed and sold through our cloud and license and hardware businesses, and are delivered through the Oracle Cloud or through other IT deployment models, including cloud-based, hybrid and on-premise deployments.
We believe that our Oracle Cloud Services offerings are opportunities for us to continue to expand our cloud and license business. We believe that our customers increasingly recognize the value of access to the latest versions of Oracle cloud-based applications and infrastructure capabilities via a lower cost, rapidly deployable, flexible and interoperable services model that Oracle provisions, manages, upgrades and maintains on our customers’ behalf. We believe that we can market and sell our Oracle Cloud Services offerings together to help new and existing customers migrate their extensive installed base of on-premise and cloud-based applications and infrastructure technologies to the Oracle Cloud and we believe we are in the early stages of what we expect will be a material migration of our existing Oracle customer base from on-premise applications and infrastructure products and services to the Oracle Cloud. In addition, we also believe we can market our Oracle Cloud