Costs recorded for the respective restructuring plans during the period presented.
(4)
All plan adjustments were changes in estimates whereby increases and decreases in costs were generally recorded to operating expenses in the period of adjustments.
(5)
Represents foreign currency translation and certain other non-cash adjustments.
(6)
Other restructuring plans presented in the tables above included condensed information for other Oracle based plans and other plans associated with certain of our acquisitions whereby we continued to make cash outlays to settle obligations under these plans during the periods presented but for which the periodic impact to our consolidated statements of operations was not significant.
9.
DEFERRED REVENUES
Deferred revenues consisted of the following:
Deferred cloud services and license support revenues and deferred hardware revenues substantially represent customer payments made in advance for cloud or support contracts that are typically billed in advance with corresponding revenues generally being recognized ratably or based upon customer usage over the respective contractual periods. Deferred services revenues include prepayments for our services business and revenues for these services are generally recognized as the services are performed. Deferred cloud license and on-premise license revenues typically resulted from customer payments that related to undelivered products and services or specified enhancements.
90
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
10.
LEASES, OTHER COMMITMENTS AND CERTAIN CONTINGENCIES
Leases
We have operating leases that primarily relate to certain of our data centers and facilities. As of May 31, 2024, our operating leases substantially have remaining terms of
one year
to
fifteen years
, some of which include options to extend and/or terminate the leases.
Operating lease expenses totaled $
1.2
billion, net of sublease income of $
9
million in fiscal 2024 and $
873
million, net of sublease income of $
11
million in fiscal 2023. At May 31, 2024,
ROU assets
,
current lease liabilities
and
non-current lease liabilities
for our operating leases were $
7.3
billion, $
1.3
billion and $
6.3
billion, respectively. We recorded ROU assets of $
4.2
billion in exchange for operating lease obligations during the year ended May 31, 2024. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was $
1.2
billion and $
894
million for the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As
of May 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases was approximately
nine years
and the weighted average discount rate used for calculating operating lease obligations was
5.1
%. As of May 31, 2024, we have $
22.9
billion of additional operating lease commitments, primarily for data centers, that are generally expected to commence between fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2027 and for terms of
nine
to
fifteen years
that were not reflected on our consolidated balance