2024.
13
Table of Contents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
February 28, 2025
(Unaudited)
4.
RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES
Fiscal 2024 Oracle Restructuring Plan
During fiscal 2024, our management approved, committed to and initiated plans to restructure and further improve efficiencies in our operations due to our acquisitions and certain other operational activities (2024 Restructuring Plan). In the first nine months of fiscal 2025, our management supplemented the 2024 Restructuring Plan to reflect additional actions that we expect to take.
The total estimated restructuring costs associated with the 2024 Restructuring Plan are up to $
679
million and will be recorded to the restructuring expense line item within our condensed consolidated statements of operations as they are incurred through the end of the plan. We recorded $
227
million and $
336
million of restructuring expenses in connection with the 2024 Restructuring Plan during the
nine months ended February 28, 2025 and February 29, 2024, respectively. Any changes to the estimates of executing the 2024 Restructuring Plan will be reflected in our future results of operations.
Summary of All Plans
(1)
Restructuring costs recorded to each of the operating segments presented primarily related to employee severance costs. Other restructuring costs represented employee severance costs not related to our operating segments and certain other restructuring plan costs.
(2)
As of
February 28, 2025 and May 31, 2024
, substantially all restructuring liabilities have been recorded in other current liabilities within our condensed consolidated balance sheets.
(3)
Costs recorded for the respective restructuring plans during the period presented.
(4)
All plan adjustments were changes in estimates whereby increases and decreases in costs were generally recorded to operating expenses in the period of adjustments.
(5)
Represents foreign currency translation and certain other non-cash adjustments.
(6)
Other restructuring plans presented in the tables above included condensed information for other Oracle based plans and other plans associated with certain of our acquisitions whereby we continued to make cash outlays to settle obligations under these plans during the periods presented but for which the periodic impact to our condensed consolidated statements of operations was not significant.
14
Table of Contents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
February 28, 2025
(Unaudited)
5.
DEFERRED REVENUES
Deferred revenues consisted of the following:
Deferred cloud services and license support revenues and deferred hardware revenues substantially represent customer payments made in advance for cloud or support contracts that are typically billed in advance with corresponding revenues generally being recognized ratably or based upon customer usage over the respective contractual periods. Deferred services revenues include