and achieve their career goals. We promote regular career conversations between leaders and employees. These are separate from performance feedback conversations and are focused on helping employees identify and take steps to grow their careers. Our Talent Review process, which runs on Oracle Fusion Cloud HCM, provides the mechanism for leaders to review and discuss opportunities and action plans to develop employees. 32% of our open non-entry level positions were filled internally in fiscal 2024, providing growth opportunities and retaining critical knowledge and talent.
We believe that helping our employees learn and apply new skills is key to retaining them and critical to our ability to innovate and rapidly evolve. We support employees with easily accessible learning resources to help build skills for today and the future. We believe that Oracle Learning enables us to improve our employees’ learning experience and better measure learning consumption. Oracle employees received more than five million hours of training in fiscal 2024 and accessed online learning content at an average rate of approximately two million views per month. Our employees take advantage of instructor-led classes, virtual library content and online learning resources on sales, business, products, market/industry, leadership, technical skills and compliance, as well as well-being and personal development related topics.
Leaders Who Listen
We believe that an important aspect of creating a culture and environment that supports employee, customer and business success is listening to employee feedback. We share the results of our annual employee engagement survey with leaders who receive direct observations from employees about areas critical to Oracle’s strategic priorities, including the employee and customer experience. The results of the survey are also discussed with our Board of Directors and committees thereof. In fiscal 2024, 81% of our employees participated in the annual survey. Leaders listen to employees, evaluate feedback and prioritize actions to enhance employee, business and customer success.
15
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Making a Difference
Each year, through our volunteering and giving programs, Oracle employees donate tens of thousands of volunteer hours and millions of dollars (matched by Oracle) to a wide variety of causes. Oracle and our employees also rise to the occasion in times of crisis.
During fiscal 2024, Oracle donated tens of millions of dollars to advance education, protect the natural world and wildlife, strengthen communities and promote health. Among our recent commitments is a $1 million multi-year grant to The National Museum of African American History and Culture, a Smithsonian Institution museum located in Washington, D.C. In fiscal 2024, Oracle approved the donation of technology and consulting services valued at $350,000 to advance the mission of the Military Family Advisory Network.
Oracle is committed to being