portion of our consolidated operations are international, we could experience additional foreign currency volatility in the future, in which the amounts and timing are unknown. Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional details about our foreign currency forward contracts.
57
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
Sensitivity Analysis
The following table sets forth the hypothetical potential losses that we consider to be the most material to the reported fair values and/or future earnings of our foreign currency influenced holdings, prior to any income tax effects, resulting from hypothetical changes in relevant market rates as of or for the reporting periods below:
Item 8. Financial Statemen
ts and Supplementary Data
The response to this item is submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report. See Part IV, Item 15.
Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Acco
untants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A.
Control
s and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our Disclosure Committee and our management, including our Principal Executive and Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e).
Based on our management’s evaluation (with the participation of our Principal Executive and Financial Officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our Principal Executive and Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of May 31, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive and Financial Officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive and Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2024 based on the guidelines established in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission’s 2013 framework. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide