budgetary constraints; whether customers decide to purchase hardware support contracts at or in close proximity to the time of hardware product sale; the percentage of our hardware support contract customer base that renews its support contracts; and the close association between hardware products, which have a finite life, and customer demand for related hardware support as hardware products age; customer decisions to either maintain or upgrade their existing hardware infrastructure to newly developed technologies that are available; and foreign currency rate fluctuations.
Services Business
Our services business, which represented 10% and 11% of our total revenues in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience, broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. Our services offerings include consulting services and advanced customer services. Our services business has lower margins than our cloud and license and hardware businesses. Our services revenues are affected by many factors including our strategy for, and the competitive position of, our services; customer demand for our cloud and license and hardware offerings and the related services that we may market and sell in connection with these offerings; general economic conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; personnel reductions in our customers’ IT departments; tighter controls over customer discretionary spending; and foreign currency rate fluctuations.
Acquisitions
Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. Historically, we have invested billions of dollars to acquire a number of complementary companies, products, services and technologies. We acquired certain companies and technologies during fiscal 2024 and 2023, including Cerner in fiscal 2023. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information related to our acquisition of Cerner and our other recent acquisitions. As compelling
41
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
opportunities become available, we may acquire companies, products, services and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy.
We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities. We estimate the financial impact of any potential acquisition with regard to earnings, operating margin, cash flows and return on invested capital targets, among others, before deciding to move forward with an acquisition.
Investment in Ampere Computing Holdings LLC
From time to time since 2017, we have made