for distinct cloud licenses and on-premise licenses are
22
Table of Contents
recognized at the point in time when the software end user usage occurs. The timing of a few large license transactions can substantially affect our quarterly license revenues due to the point-in-time nature of revenue recognition for license transactions, which is different than the typical revenue recognition pattern for our cloud services and license support revenues in which revenues are recognized over time. Cloud license and on-premise license customers have the option to purchase and renew license support contracts, as further described above.
Providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies are important elements of our corporate strategy. In recent periods, customer demand for our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through our Oracle Cloud Services has increased. To address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have certain programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure software licenses and the related license support to the Oracle Cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle Cloud for their existing workloads. The proportion of our cloud services revenues relative to our total revenues has increased and we expect this trend to continue. Cloud services revenues represented 44% and 43% of our total revenues for the three- and nine-month periods ended February 28, 2025, respectively, and 38% and 37% of our total revenues for the three- and nine-month periods ended February 29, 2024, respectively.
Our cloud and license business’ revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; the strategy for and competitive position of our offerings; customer satisfaction with our offerings; the continued renewal of our cloud services and license support customer contracts by the customer contract base; substantially all customers continuing to purchase license support contracts in connection with their license purchases; the pricing of license support contracts sold in connection with the sales of licenses; the pricing, amounts and volumes of licenses and cloud services sold; our ability to manage Oracle Cloud capacity requirements to meet existing and prospective customer demand; and foreign currency rate fluctuations.
On a constant currency basis, we expect that our total cloud and license revenues generally will continue to increase due to:
•
expected growth in our cloud services offerings; and
•
continued demand for our cloud license and on-premise license and license support offerings.
We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business’ total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop,