Services offerings to a broader ecosystem of small and medium-sized businesses, non-IT lines of business purchasers, developers and partners due to the highly available, intuitive design, ease of access, low touch and low cost characteristics of the Oracle Cloud.
In recent periods, customer demand for our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through our Oracle Cloud deployment models has increased. To address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have
5
Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure licenses and license support contracts to the Oracle Cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle Cloud for their existing workloads. The proportion of our cloud services revenues relative to our total revenues has increased and our cloud services revenues represented 37%, 32% and 25% of our total revenues during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We expect these trends to continue.
Oracle Applications Technologies
Oracle applications technologies are marketed, sold, delivered and supported through our cloud and license business. Our applications cloud services and license support revenues represented 46%, 47% and 42% of our total cloud services and license support revenues during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Oracle applications offerings include our Oracle Cloud SaaS offerings, which are available for customers as a subscription, and Oracle applications license offerings, which are available for customers to purchase for use within the Oracle Cloud and other cloud-based and on-premise IT environments, and include the option to purchase related license support. Regardless of the deployment model selected, our applications technologies are designed to reduce the risk, cost and complexity of our customers’ IT infrastructures, while supporting customer choice with flexible deployment models that readily enable performance, agility, compatibility and extendibility. Our applications technologies are generally designed using industry standard architectures to manage and automate core business functions across the enterprise, as well as to help customers differentiate and innovate in those processes unique to their industries or organizations. We offer applications that are deployable to meet several business automation requirements across a broad range of industries. We also offer industry-specific applications, which provide solutions to customers in the automotive, communications, construction and engineering, consumer packaged goods, energy and water, financial services, food and beverage, government and education, healthcare, high technology, hospitality, industrial manufacturing, life sciences, media and entertainment, oil and gas, professional services, public safety, retail, travel and transportation and wholesale distribution industries, among others.
Oracle Cloud Software-as-a-Service