decreased by $11 million in reported currency in the first nine months of fiscal 2025, relative to the corresponding prior year period. Excluding the favorable effects of currency rate fluctuations of 1% in the first nine months of fiscal 2025, the decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a $35 million decrease in facilities and related expenses, partially offset by a $15 million increase in stock-based compensation expenses.
Amortization of Intangible Assets
:
Substantially all of our intangible assets were acquired through our business combinations. We amortize our intangible assets over, and monitor the appropriateness of, the estimated useful lives of these assets. We also periodically review these intangible assets for potential impairment based upon relevant facts and circumstances. Refer to Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 for additional information regarding our intangible assets and related amortization.
33
Table of Contents
Amortization of intangible assets decreased by $201 million and $504 million in reported currency in the third quarter and the first nine months of fiscal 2025, respectively, relative to the corresponding prior year periods, due to a reduction in expenses associated with certain of our intangible assets that became fully amortized.
Acquisition Related and Other Expenses
:
Acquisition related and other expenses consist of personnel related costs for transitional and certain other employees, certain business combination adjustments, including adjustments after the measurement period has ended, and certain other operating items, net.
Acquisition related and other expenses decreased by $127 million and $142 million in reported currency in the third quarter and the first nine months of fiscal 2025, respectively, relative to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to a $119 million and a $107 million decrease, respectively, in other expenses primarily related to asset impairment charges. The decrease in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 was also due to a $21 million decrease in business combination adjustments, net, relative to the corresponding prior year period.
Restructuring Expenses
:
Restructuring expenses resulted from the execution of management-approved restructuring plans that were generally developed to improve our cost structure and/or operations, often in conjunction with our acquisition integration strategies and/or other strategic initiatives. Restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs, contract termination costs and certain other exit costs to improve our cost structure prospectively. For additional information regarding our restructuring plans, see Note 4 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form