specific business needs. Customers may also elect to purchase Oracle software licenses and hardware products and related services to manage their own cloud-based or on-premise IT environments. Customers that purchase our software licenses may elect to purchase license support contracts, which provide our customers with rights to unspecified license upgrades and maintenance releases issued during the support period as well as technical support assistance. Customers that purchase our hardware products may elect to purchase hardware support contracts, which provide customers with software updates and can include product repairs, maintenance services, and technical support services. We also offer customers a broad set of services offerings that are designed to improve customer utilization of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies.
Oracle Corporation conducts business globally and was incorporated in 2005 as a Delaware corporation and is the successor to operations originally begun in June 1977.
Basis of Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly- and majority-owned subsidiaries. Noncontrolling interest positions of certain of our consolidated entities are reported as a separate component of consolidated equity from the equity attributable to Oracle’s stockholders for all periods presented. The noncontrolling interests in our net income were not significant to our consolidated results for the periods presented and therefore have not been presented separately and instead are included as a component of non-o
perating expenses, net in our consolidated statements of operations. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The comparability of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended May 31, 2022 was impacted by $
4.7
billion of certain litigation related charges during fiscal 2022.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we finalized our
adoption
of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-04,
Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting
and subsequent amendments to the initial guidance, which had
no
material impact to our consolidated financial statements or notes thereto for the year ended May 31, 2024.
Use of Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with United States (U.S.) generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC), and we consider various staff accounting bulletins and other applicable guidance issued by the SEC. These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made.