Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 that had a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements or notes thereto as of and for the nine months ended February 28, 2025
.
Use of Estimates
Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC), and we consider various staff accounting bulletins and other applicable guidance issued by the SEC. These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. To the extent that there are differences between these estimates, judgments or assumptions and actual results, our consolidated financial statements will be affected. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management’s judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management’s judgment in selecting among available alternatives would not produce a materially different result.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our servers and networking equipment and increased the estimate of the useful lives from
five years
to
six years
, effective at the beginning of fiscal 2025. Based on the carrying value of our servers and networking equipment as of May 31, 2024, this change in accounting estimate decreased our total operating expenses by $
181
million and increased our net income by $
136
million, or $
0.05
per both basic and diluted share, for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 and decreased our total operating expenses by $
567
million and increased our net income by $
442
million, or $
0.16
per basic and $
0.15
per diluted share, for the first nine months of fiscal 2025.
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
Restricted cash that was included within cash and cash equivalents as presented within our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of February 28, 2025 and May 31, 2024 and our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended February 28, 2025 and February 29, 2024
was immaterial.
8
Table of Contents
ORACLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
February 28, 2025
(Unaudited)
Remaining Performance Obligations from Contracts with Customers
Trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, and deferred revenues are reported net of related uncollected deferred revenues in our condensed consolidated balance