failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new products and subscriptions could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business.
We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features to enhance our portfolio, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we engage in future debt financings, the holders of such additional debt would have priority over the holders of our common stock. Current and future indebtedness may also contain terms that, among other things, restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In addition, we may be required to take other actions that would otherwise be in the interests of the debt holders and would require us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios, any of which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
- 36
-
Table of Contents
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
As a global cybersecurity provider, cybersecurity risk management is an integral part of our overall enterprise risk management program. We recognize the critical importance that a strong cybersecurity risk management program plays in maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, end users, business partners, stockholders and employees. We have established processes and procedures for identifying, evaluating, and responding to risks from cybersecurity threats, including any potential unauthorized access to our information systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information systems, data, or information assets.
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
Our cybersecurity risk management program includes written policies, standards, and procedures for maintaining data privacy, product security and information security to mitigate cybersecurity risks, and to identify, evaluate and respond to cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities and incidents. Our cybersecurity risk management program and strategy is implemented across several areas, which include, but are not limited to, the following:
•
Information Security.
We maintain a written information security program, which provides for policies, standards, guidelines, and administrative, technical and physical safeguards that we believe are reasonably designed, in light of the nature, size and complexity of our operations, to protect the