Copilot, a part of Strata Cloud Manager, helps security teams quickly and easily find, understand and address threats leveraging the power and simplicity of natural language.
Cloud Security:
•
Prisma Cloud.
Prisma Cloud is a comprehensive CNAPP, securing both cloud-native and lift-and-shift applications across multi- and hybrid-cloud environments. With broad security and compliance coverage and a flexible agentless, as well as agent-based, architecture, Prisma Cloud protects cloud-native applications across their lifecycle from code to cloud. The platform helps developers prevent risks as they code and build the application, secures the software supply chain and the continuous integration and continuous development (“CI/CD”) pipeline, and provides complete visibility and real-time protection for applications running in the cloud.
With its code-to-cloud security capabilities, Prisma Cloud creates a complete security picture by tracing back thousands of cloud risks and vulnerabilities that occur in the application runtime to their origin in the code-and-build phase of the application. Prisma Cloud does this by consolidating multiple code and cloud security technologies such as Software Composition Analysis, Infrastructure as Code security, CI/CD security, secrets scanning, Cloud Security Posture Management, Cloud Identity and Entitlements Management, API security, Vulnerability Management, Cloud Workload Protection, Web Application and API Security, Cloud Network Security, and Cloud Discovery and Exposure Management into a single unified platform. The platform enables organizations to “shift security left” and fix issues at the source (in code) before they proliferate as a large number of risks in the cloud. The contextualized visibility to alerts, attack paths, and vulnerabilities delivered by Prisma Cloud facilitates collaboration between security and development teams to drive down risks and deliver better security outcomes. The context helps security teams block attacks in the cloud runtime and developers fix risks in source code.
A comprehensive library of compliance frameworks included in Prisma Cloud vastly simplifies the task of maintaining compliance. Seamless integration with security orchestration tools ensures rapid remediation of vulnerabilities and security issues.
- 7
-
Table of Contents
Further, the Code to Cloud Platform is positioned to secure AI-powered applications for enterprises. In March 2024, we announced limited general availability of data security posture management (“DSPM”) capabilities and in May 2024, we released the early preview of AI security posture management (“AI-SPM”) capabilities to our customers. These features were made available to all customers in our August 2024 software release. Prisma Cloud customers can activate them within the platform to discover, classify, protect, and govern AI-powered applications. DSPM and AI-SPM together provide visibility into the entire GenAI ecosystem, identify LLM