vulnerabilities, prioritize misconfiguration risks, reduce the risk of data exposure, and surface compliance violations. The native integration of Prisma Cloud with Cortex XSIAM is further expanded with the recent addition of cloud detection and response (“CDR”) capabilities, providing a broader context to protect, detect, and respond to advanced cloud threats. It also brings together cloud security and security operations teams, fostering strong collaboration.
With a flexible, integrated platform that enables customers to license and activate cloud security capabilities that match their need, Prisma Cloud helps secure organizations at every stage in their cloud adoption journey. The platform enables security teams to consolidate multiple products that address individual risks with an integrated solution that also delivers best-in-class capabilities. Prisma Cloud’s code-to-cloud CNAPP delivers comprehensive protection for applications and their code, infrastructure (workloads, network, and storage), data, APIs, and associated identities.
Security Operations:
•
Cortex XSIAM.
This cloud-based AI-driven security operations platform for the modern SOC harnesses the power of AI to radically improve security outcomes and transform security operations. Cortex XSIAM customers can consolidate multiple products into a single unified platform that delivers security information and event management, extended detection and response (“XDR”), SOAR, network traffic analysis, ASM, threat intelligence management (“TIM”), identity threat detection and response, and CDR. CDR is the latest addition to Cortex XSIAM and XDR that addresses the growing need for security teams to respond to cloud threats with purpose-built SOC tools that seamlessly integrate with their security programs. Cortex XSIAM integrates these capabilities into a single, converged platform built for security operations, enabling organizations to simplify operations, stop threats at scale, and accelerate incident remediation. Cortex XSIAM automates data integration, analysis, and triage to respond to most alerts, enabling analysts to focus on only the incidents that require human intervention.
•
Cortex XDR.
This cloud-based subscription enables organizations to collect telemetry from endpoint, network, identity and cloud data sources and apply advanced analytics and machine learning, to quickly find and stop targeted attacks, insider abuse, and compromised endpoints. Cortex XDR has two product tiers: XDR Prevent and XDR Pro. XDR Prevent delivers enterprise-class endpoint security focused on preventing attacks. XDR Pro extends endpoint detection and response (“EDR”) to include cross-data analytics for network, cloud, and identity data. Going beyond EDR, Cortex XDR detects the most complex threats using analytics across key data sources and reveals the root cause, which can significantly reduce investigation time as compared to siloed tools and manual processes.
•
Cortex XSOAR.
Available as a stand-