commenced operations in April 2005. We empower enterprises, organizations, service providers, and government entities to secure their users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by artificial intelligence and automation.
Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”), consistent in all material respects with those applied in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on September 6, 2024. The condensed consolidated financial statements include our accounts and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
The condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited but include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation of our quarterly results. Our condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. Management estimates include, but are not limited to, the standalone selling price for our products and services, share-based compensation, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, fair value of contingent consideration liability, the assessment of recoverability of our intangibles and goodwill, valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, manufacturing partner and supplier liabilities, deferred contract cost benefit period, and loss contingencies. We base our estimates on assumptions, both historical and forward looking, that we believe are reasonable. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates due to risks and uncertainties, including uncertainty in the current economic environment.
Stock Split
On December 12, 2024, we effected a
two
-for-one stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock through an amendment to our restated certificate of incorporation (“Stock Split”), which also effected a proportionate increase in the number of authorized shares of our common stock from
1.0
billion to
2.0
billion. The par value per share of our common stock remains unchanged at $
0.0001
per share after the Stock Split. All references made to share or per share amounts related to our common stock have been retroactively adjusted on the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and