expected to generate in the future, discount rates, the time and expense that would be necessary to recreate the assets, and the profit margin a market participant would receive. The amounts and useful lives assigned to identified intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense.
Our business combination may also involve post-closing payments contingent upon the occurrence of future events and/or certain conditions being met. Critical estimates used in valuing contingent consideration obligations include, but are not limited to, estimated future cash payments related to customers entering into qualified new transactions and risk-adjusted discount rates used to present value the expected cash flows. These estimates and assumptions are required to be updated in order to revalue our contingent consideration liability at the end of each reporting period. Accordingly, subsequent changes in underlying facts and circumstances could result in changes in these estimates and assumptions, which could have a material impact on the estimated future fair values of these obligations.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Refer to “Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements” in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a description of recent accounting pronouncements and our expectation of their impact, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Except for the item below, our assessment of our exposures to market risk has not changed materially from the disclosure set forth in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024.
Interest Rate Risk
The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity, and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. Most of the securities we invest in are subject to interest rate risk. To minimize this risk, we maintain a diversified portfolio of cash, cash equivalents, and investments, consisting only of investment-grade securities. To assess the interest rate risk, we performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates would have on the value of the investment portfolio. Based on investment positions as of April 30, 2025, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a $124.7 million decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if we sold the investments prior to maturity. Conversely, a hypothetical 100 basis point decrease in interest rates would lead to a $124.7 million increase in the fair market value of the portfolio.
- 38 -
Table of Contents
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief