follows:
•
Level 1—Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
•
Level 2—Inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.
•
Level 3—Inputs are unobservable inputs based on our own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. The inputs require significant management judgment or estimation.
Our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis include marketable securities and derivative financial instruments. Goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, only if impairment is indicated. Certain certificates of deposit, time deposits, and overnight sweep accounts recorded in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are stated at their carrying amounts, which approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The carrying amounts of accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term nature.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments
We consider all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Investments not considered cash equivalents and with maturities of one year or less from the consolidated balance sheet date are classified as short-term investments. Investments with maturities greater than one year from the consolidated balance sheet date are classified as long-term investments.
We determine the classification of our investments in marketable debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such determination at each balance sheet date. Our marketable debt securities are classified as available-for-sale. Debt securities in an unrealized loss position are written down to its fair value with the corresponding charge recorded in other income, net on our consolidated statements of operations, if it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the impaired security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or we have the intention to sell the security. If neither of these conditions are met, we determine whether a credit loss exists by comparing the present value of the expected cash flows of the security with its amortized cost basis. An allowance for credit losses is recorded in other income, net on our consolidated statements of operations for an amount not to exceed the unrealized loss. Unrealized losses that are not credit-related are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”) in stockholders’ equity.
Accounts Receivable
Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of allowances for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is based on our assessment of