in our annual ESG report.
Social.
In addition to our People Strategy described in the section titled “Human Capital” above, we continue to communicate our expectations regarding labor standards, business practices, and workplace health and safety conditions to our supply chain through our Global Supplier Code of Conduct. During fiscal 2024, we maintained our affiliate membership in the Responsible Business Alliance. We also value our role as a trusted corporate citizen and in fiscal 2024 continued to execute our social impact programs. We made charitable grants through our donor-advised fund to support nonprofit organizations providing services in areas such as cybersecurity education and disaster relief. We maintained our work to provide cybersecurity curriculum to schools, universities, and nonprofit organizations to help individuals of all ages protect their digital way of life and to prepare people for careers in cybersecurity. Employees continued to participate in our volunteering and giving programs to positively impact their local communities.
Governance.
Integrity is one of our core values. Our corporate behavior and leadership practices model ethical decision-making. All employees are informed about our governance expectations through our Codes of Conduct, compliance training programs, and ongoing communications. Our board of directors is governed by Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are amended from time to time to incorporate best practices in corporate governance. Reinforcing the importance of our ESG performance, the charter of the Governance and Sustainability Committee of the board of directors includes the primary oversight of ESG.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our website is located at www.paloaltonetworks.com, and our investor relations website is located at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge on the Investors portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We also provide a link to the section of the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov that has all of our public filings, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, our Proxy Statements, and other ownership-related filings.
We also use our investor relations website as a channel of distribution for important company information. For example, webcasts of our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community are on our investor relations website. Additionally, we announce investor information, including news and commentary about our business and financial