could result in additional legal and regulatory risk, compliance costs, and in our business, operating results, and financial condition being harmed.
We are also subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “CCPA”). The CCPA requires, among other things, covered businesses to provide enhanced disclosures to California consumers and to afford such consumers certain rights regarding their personal data, including the right to opt out of data sales for targeted advertising, and creates a private right of action to individuals affected by a data breach, if the breach was caused by a lack of reasonable security. The effects of the CCPA have been significant, requiring us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses for compliance. Moreover, other U.S. states have enacted privacy laws that are potentially relevant to us. These include laws enacted in at least 20 U.S. states, with additional state legislatures expected to consider comprehensive privacy legislation in the coming months and throughout calendar year 2025. Increasingly stringent federal or state privacy legislation may require us to modify our data practices and policies, incur substantial compliance costs and expenses, and add further complexity to our compliance efforts that could adversely affect our business or increase our potential liability if we fail to comply.
We may also from time to time be subject to obligations relating to personal data by contract, or face assertions that we are subject to self-regulatory obligations or industry standards. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are more regularly bringing enforcement actions in connection with federal and state consumer protection laws for false or deceptive acts or practices in relation to the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of personal data. Internationally, data localization laws may mandate that personal data collected in a foreign country be processed and stored within that country.
We and our customers may face risk of enforcement actions by regulators or data protection authorities, private litigation and adverse publicity including reputational damage and loss of customer confidence for alleged violations of any of the foregoing obligations. Any such claims could result in substantial costs, ongoing remedial, audit and reporting obligations, and diversion of resources, and distract management and technical personnel. These potential liabilities and enforcement actions could also have an overall negative effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. The amount and scope of insurance we maintain may not cover all types of claims that may arise.
- 56 -
Table of Contents
New legislation affecting the scope of personal data and personal information where we or our customers and partners have operations, especially relating to