and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity enabled by artificial intelligence and automation.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). The consolidated financial statements include all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of our annual results. All adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Reclassification
Certain prior period amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. Management estimates include, but are not limited to, the standalone selling price for our products and services, share-based compensation, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, the assessment of recoverability of our intangibles and goodwill, valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, manufacturing partner and supplier liabilities, deferred contract cost benefit period, and loss contingencies. We base our estimates on assumptions, both historical and forward looking, that we believe are reasonable. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates due to risks and uncertainties, including uncertainty in the current economic environment.
Stock Split Effected in the Form of a Stock Dividend (“Stock Split”)
On September 13, 2022, we executed a
three
-for-one stock split of our common stock, effected in the form of a stock dividend. The par value per share of our common stock remains unchanged at $
0.0001
per share after the Stock Split. All references made to share or per share amounts on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Stock Split.
Concentrations
Financial instruments that subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, investments, derivative contracts, accounts receivable and financing receivables.
We invest only in high-quality credit instruments and our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments consist primarily of fixed income securities. Management believes that the financial institutions that hold our investments are financially sound and, accordingly, are subject to minimal credit risk. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits.
Our