consolidated balance sheets. We did not have any material finance leases in any of the periods presented.
Operating lease right-of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term. Operating lease liabilities represent our obligation to make payments arising from the lease. Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments is our incremental borrowing rate, because the interest rates implicit in our leases are not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, and in economic environments where the leased asset is located. Operating lease right-of-use assets also include adjustments related to lease incentives, prepaid or accrued rent and initial direct lease costs. Operating lease right-of-use assets are subject to evaluation for impairment or disposal on a basis consistent with other long-lived assets.
Our lease terms may include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base, non-cancelable lease term when determining the lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Operating lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
We account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component and do not recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less. Payments under our lease arrangements are primarily fixed, however, certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities. Variable lease payments primarily consist of real estate taxes, common area maintenance charges, and insurance costs.
Income Taxes
We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. In addition, deferred tax assets are recorded for all future benefits including, but not limited to, net operating losses, research and development credit carryforwards, and basis differences relating to our global intangible low-taxed income. Valuation allowances are provided when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized.
Significant judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. In the event