imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation resulting from any alleged noncompliance, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions, litigation, and sanctions could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
Risks Related to Our Notes and Common Stock
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of our Notes, repurchase our Notes upon a fundamental change, or repay our Notes in cash at their maturity, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of our Notes.
In June 2020, we issued our 0.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Notes”). We will need to make cash payments (a) if holders of our 2025 Notes require us to repurchase all, or a portion of, their 2025 Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (e.g., a change of control of Palo Alto Networks, Inc.) before the maturity date, (b) upon conversion of our 2025 Notes, or (c) to repay our 2025 Notes in cash at their maturity unless earlier converted or repurchased. Effective August 1, 2024 through October 31, 2024, all of the 2025 Notes are convertible. If all of the note holders decided to convert their 2025 Notes, we would be obligated to pay the $1.0 billion principal amount of the 2025 Notes in cash. Under the terms of the 2025 Notes, we also have the option to settle the amount of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes in cash or shares of our common stock. If our cash provided by operating activities, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments, and existing sources of financing, are inadequate to satisfy these obligations, we will need to obtain third-party financing, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, to meet these payment obligations.
In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion of our 2025 Notes may be limited by law, regulatory authority, or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase our 2025 Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the applicable indenture governing such 2025 Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of such 2025 Notes as required by the applicable indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the applicable indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase our 2025 Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of our 2025 Notes.
- 33
-