In addition to these components, key features include site-to-site virtual private network (“VPN”), remote access Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) VPN, and Quality-of-Service. Our appliances and software are designed for different performance requirements throughout an organization and are classified based on throughput, ranging from our PA-410, which is designed for small organizations and branch offices, to our top-of-the-line PA-7500 Series, which is designed for large-scale data centers and service providers. Our firewalls come in a hardware form factor, a containerized form factor, called CN-Series, as well as a virtual form factor, called VM-Series, that is available for virtualization and cloud environments from companies such as Broadcom Inc., Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”), Amazon.com, Inc. (“Amazon”), and Alphabet Inc. (“Alphabet”), and in Kernel-based Virtual Machine /OpenStack environments. We also offer Cloud NGFW, a managed next-generation firewall (“NGFW”) offering, to secure customers’ applications on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) and Microsoft Azure (“Azure”).
SD-WAN.
Our SD-WAN is integrated with PAN-OS so that our end-customers can get the security features of our PAN-OS ML-Powered Next-Generation Firewall together with SD-WAN functionality. The SD-WAN overlay supports dynamic, intelligent path selection based on the applications, services, and conditions of the links that each application or service is allowed to use, allowing applications to be prioritized based on criteria such as whether the application is mission-critical, latency-sensitive, or meets certain health criteria.
Panorama.
Panorama is our centralized security management solution for global control of our network security platform. Panorama can be deployed as a virtual appliance or a physical appliance. Panorama is used for centralized policy management, device management, software licensing and updates, centralized logging and reporting, and log storage. Many of our existing deployments continue using Panorama as the security management solution, while new deployments benefit from using Strata Cloud Manager instead for managing network security estate—including our Next-Generation Firewalls and SASE—with a cloud-based, unified management interface.
SUBSCRIPTIONS
We offer a number of subscriptions as part of our network security platform. Of these subscription offerings, cloud-delivered security services, such as Advanced Threat Prevention, Advanced WildFire, Advanced URL Filtering, Advanced DNS Security, IoT/OT Security, SaaS Security Inline, GlobalProtect, Enterprise DLP, AIOps, and AI Runtime Security are sold as options to our hardware and software firewalls, whereas SaaS Security API, AI Access Security, Prisma Access, Prisma SD-WAN, Strata Cloud Manager, Prisma Cloud, Cortex XSIAM, Cortex XDR, Cortex XSOAR, and Cortex Xpanse are sold on a per-user, per-endpoint, or capacity-based basis—and they can be activated by customers with or without our firewalls.