We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue.
Research and development expense increased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 primarily due to increased personnel costs, which grew $22.1 million and $109.2 million for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024, largely due to headcount growth. The increase in research and development expense in both periods was further driven by increased shared costs.
SALES AND MARKETING
Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including commission expense. Sales and marketing expense also includes costs for market development programs, promotional and other marketing costs, professional services, and shared costs. We continue to strategically invest in headcount and have grown our sales presence. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to grow our customer base, increase touch points with end-customers, and expand our global presence, although our sales and marketing expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue.
Sales and marketing expense increased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 primarily due to increased personnel costs, which grew $60.6 million and $183.3 million for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024, largely due to headcount growth.
- 33 -
Table of Contents
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE
General and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel costs and shared costs for our executive, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations, and professional services costs, which consist primarily of legal, auditing, accounting, and other consulting costs. General and administrative expense also includes change in fair value of contingent consideration liability. We expect general and administrative expense to increase in absolute dollars over time as we increase the size of our general and administrative organizations and incur additional costs to support our business growth, although our general and administrative expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue.
General and administrative expense increased for the three months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to increased personnel costs, which grew $44.8 million, largely due to increased share-based compensation. General and administrative expense decreased for the nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to a litigation-related accrual of $176.8 million during the three months ended January 31, 2024