2024:
- 36 -
Table of Contents
Cash from operations could be affected by various risks and uncertainties detailed in Part II, Item 1A “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, the costs to acquire or invest in complementary businesses and technologies, the costs to ensure access to adequate manufacturing capacity, the investments in our infrastructure to support the adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings, the repayment obligations associated with our 2025 Notes, the continuing market acceptance of our products and subscription and support offerings and macroeconomic events. In addition, from time to time, we may incur additional tax liability in connection with certain corporate structuring decisions.
We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Our operating activities have consisted of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. Our largest source of cash provided by our operations is receipts from our customers. Net cash provided by operating activities can be impacted by factors such as timing of payments and collections, vendor payment terms, and timing and amount of tax payments.
Cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended April 30, 2025 was $2.7 billion, a slight decrease of $49.7 million compared to the same period in 2024. The decrease was primarily due to higher payments of cash expenditure to support our business growth, partially offset by an increase in receipts from our customers during the nine months ended April 30, 2025. Cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended April 30, 2025 also includes proceeds from the sale of $30.4 million of our financing receivables based upon our financing credit risk management policy.
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Our investing activities have consisted of capital expenditures, net investment purchases, sales, and maturities, and business acquisitions. We expect to continue such activities as our business grows.
Cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended April 30, 2025 was $1.4 billion, an increase of $100.8 million compared to the same period in 2024. The increase