income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. Generally, all years remain subject to adjustment due to our net operating loss and credit carryforwards. We currently have ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions and at various times. The primary focus of these audits is, generally, profit allocation. The ultimate amount and timing of any future settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty.
We recognize both interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. During the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, we recognized an income tax expense of $
5.8
million, a net income tax benefit of $
4.8
million, and an income tax expense of $
5.2
million related to interest and penalties, respectively. We had accrued interest and penalties on our consolidated balance sheets related to unrecognized tax benefits of $
10.9
million and $
5.1
million as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of our gross unrecognized tax benefits (in millions):
During the year ended July 31, 2024, increases in uncertain tax positions were primarily due to positions relating to our credits and incentives and intercompany transactions. During the year ended July 31, 2023, our reductions in uncertain tax positions primarily related to settlements with non-U.S. tax authorities and remeasurement of certain unrecognized tax benefits. As a result of our settlement agreements with non-U.S. tax authorities, we paid a total of $
39.8
million, including interest and penalties.
Our additions for tax positions taken in the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were primarily attributable to uncertain tax positions related to tax credits. Our additions for tax positions taken in the year ended July 31, 2024 were further driven by intercompany transactions.
As of July 31, 2024, we had
no
unremitted earnings when evaluating our outside basis difference relating to our U.S. investment in foreign subsidiaries. However, there could be local withholding taxes due to various foreign countries if certain lower tier earnings are distributed. Withholding taxes that would be payable upon remittance of these lower tier earnings are not material.
- 93
-
Table of
Contents
16.
Net Income (Loss) Per Share
Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by basic weighted-average shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by diluted weighted-average shares outstanding during the period giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities to the extent they are dilutive. We compute the dilutive effect of shares issuable upon conversion of our convertible senior notes using the if-converted method, and the dilutive effect of warrants related to the issuance of convertible senior notes and equity awards under our employee equity