recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to that excess but limited to the total amount of goodwill.
We evaluate events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of purchased intangible assets and other long-lived assets may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, we assess the recoverability of these assets or asset groups by determining whether or not the carrying amount will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the total of the future undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of an asset or asset group, we record an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset or asset group.
We did
not
recognize any impairment losses on our goodwill, intangible assets, or other long-lived assets during the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
Manufacturing Partner and Supplier Liabilities
We outsource most of our manufacturing, repair, and supply chain management operations to our EMS provider and payments to it are a significant portion of our cost of product revenue. Although we are contractually obligated to purchase manufactured products and components, we generally do not own the components and manufactured products. Product title transfers from our EMS provider to us and immediately to our customers upon shipment. Our EMS provider assembles our products using design specifications, quality assurance programs, and standards that we establish, and it procures components and assembles products based on our demand forecasts. These forecasts represent our estimates of future demand for our products based upon historical trends and analysis from our sales and product management functions as adjusted for overall market conditions. If the actual component usage and product demand are significantly lower than forecast, we record a liability for manufacturing purchase commitments in excess of our forecasted demand, including costs for excess components or for carrying costs incurred by our manufacturing partners and component suppliers.
Through July 31, 2024, we have not accrued any significant costs associated with this exposure.
Convertible Senior Notes
Prior to August 1, 2021, our convertible senior notes were separated into a liability and an equity component. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that did not have an associated convertible feature, using a discounted cash flow model with a risk-adjusted yield. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the par value of the notes as a whole. This difference represented a debt discount that was amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the notes. The equity component was not remeasured as it continued to meet the conditions for