any defective hardware. We use a third-party logistics provider to manage our worldwide deployment of spare appliances and other accessories.
Threat Intelligence, Incident Response and Security Consulting.
Unit 42 brings together world-renowned threat researchers, incident responders, and security consultants to create an intelligence-driven, response-ready organization that is passionate about helping clients proactively manage cyber risk. We help security leaders assess and test their security controls, transform their security strategy with a threat-informed approach, and respond to incidents rapidly. The Unit 42 Threat Intelligence team provides threat research that enables security teams to understand adversary intent and attribution, while enhancing protections offered by our products and services to stop advanced attacks. Our security consultants serve as trusted partners with state-of-the-art cyber risk expertise and incident response capabilities, helping customers build effective security programs, uncover critical exposures to prevent incidents, and, should incidents occur, respond to them with speed and confidence.
Professional Services.
Professional services are primarily delivered directly by Palo Alto Networks and through a global network of authorized channel partners to our end-customers and include on-location and remote, hands-on experts who plan, design, and deploy effective security solutions tailored to our end-customers’ specific requirements. These services include architecture design and planning, implementation, configuration, and firewall migrations for all our products, including Prisma and Cortex deployments. Customers can also purchase on-going technical experts to be part of customer’s security teams to aid in the implementation and operation of their Palo Alto Networks capabilities. Our education services include certifications, as well as free online technical courses and in-classroom training, which are primarily delivered through our authorized training partners.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Our research and development efforts are focused on developing new hardware and software and on enhancing and improving our existing product and subscription offerings. We believe that hardware and software are both critical to expanding our leadership in the enterprise security industry. Our engineering team has deep networking security, cloud security, endpoint security, security operations, and incident response expertise as well as expertise in AI and machine learning capabilities that are applied across these areas. Our scale and position in multiple areas of the security market enable us to leverage core competencies across hardware, software, and SaaS and also share expertise and research around threats, which allows us to respond to the rapidly changing threat landscape. We supplement our own research and development efforts with technologies and products that we license from third parties. We test our products