cloud. We also offer our VM-Series and CN-Series virtual firewalls for inline network security on multi- and hybrid-cloud environments.
- 43
-
Table of Contents
Security Operations:
•
We deliver the next generation of security operations capabilities that combine security analytics, endpoint security, automation, and ASM solutions through our Cortex platform. These include Cortex XSIAM, our AI-driven security operations platform, Cortex XDR
®
for the prevention, detection, and response to complex cybersecurity attacks, Cortex XSOAR
®
for SOAR, and Cortex Xpanse
TM
for ASM. These products are delivered as SaaS or software subscriptions.
Threat Intelligence and Advisory Services (Unit 42):
•
Unit 42 brings together world-renowned threat researchers with an elite team of incident responders and security consultants to create an intelligence-driven, response-ready organization to help customers manage cyber risk. Our consultants serve as trusted advisors to our customers by assessing and testing their security controls against the right threats, transforming their security strategy with a threat-informed approach, and responding to security incidents on behalf of our clients. Additionally, Unit 42 offers managed detection and response and managed threat hunting services.
For fiscal 2024 and 2023, total revenue was $8.0 billion and $6.9 billion, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 16.5%. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues and new revenues as we continue to grow our end-customer base. As of July 31, 2024, we had end-customers in over 180 countries. Our end-customers represent a broad range of industries, including education, energy, financial services, government entities, healthcare, Internet and media, manufacturing, public sector, and telecommunications, and include almost all of the Fortune 100 companies and a majority of the Global 2000 companies. We maintain a field sales force that works closely with our channel partners in developing sales opportunities. We primarily use a two-tiered, indirect fulfillment model whereby we sell our products, subscriptions, and support to our distributors, which, in turn, sell to our resellers, which then sell to our end-customers.
Our product revenue grew to $1.6 billion or 20.0% of total revenue for fiscal 2024, representing year-over-year growth of 1.6%. Product revenue is derived from sales of our appliances, primarily our ML-Powered Next-Generation Firewall. Product revenue also includes revenue derived from software licenses of Panorama
®
, SD-WAN, and the VM-Series. Our ML-Powered Next-Generation Firewall incorporates our PAN-OS operating system, which provides a consistent set of capabilities across our entire network security product line. Our appliances and software licenses include a broad set of built-in networking and security