may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
- 3
-
Table of Contents
Item 1. Business
General
Palo Alto Networks, Inc. is a global cybersecurity provider with a vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. We were incorporated in 2005 and are headquartered in Santa Clara, California.
We empower enterprises, organizations, service providers, and government entities to protect themselves against today’s most sophisticated cyber threats. Our cybersecurity platforms and services help secure enterprise users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by artificial intelligence (“AI”) and automation. A key element of our strategy is to help our customers simplify their security architectures through consolidating disparate point products. We execute on this strategy by developing our capabilities and packaging our offerings into platforms which are able to cover many of our customers’ needs in the markets in which we operate. Our platformization strategy combines various products and services into a tightly integrated architecture and makes security faster, less complex, and more cost-effective. We focus on delivering value in four sectors of the cybersecurity industry:
Network Security:
•
Our network security platform, designed to deliver complete zero trust solutions to our customers, includes our hardware and software ML-Powered Next-Generation Firewalls, AI Runtime Security, as well as a cloud-delivered Secure Access Service Edge (“SASE”). Prisma
®
Access, our Security Services Edge (“SSE”) solution, when combined with Prisma SD-WAN, provides a comprehensive single-vendor SASE offering that is used to secure remote workforces and securely enable the cloud-delivered branch. Our network security platform also includes our cloud-delivered security services, such as Advanced Threat Prevention, Advanced WildFire
®
, Advanced URL Filtering, Advanced DNS Security, IoT/OT Security, GlobalProtect
®
, Enterprise Data Loss Prevention (“Enterprise DLP”), AI for IT Operations (“AIOps”), SaaS Security, and AI Access Security. Through these add-on security services, our customers are able to secure their content, applications, users, and devices across their entire organization. Strata Cloud Manager, our network security management solution, can centrally manage our network