invalidate prior laws, regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations may be issued. For example, we are subject to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (“E.U. GDPR”) and the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation (“U.K. GDPR,” and collectively the “GDPR”), both of which impose stringent data protection requirements, provide for costly penalties for noncompliance (up to the greater of (a) €20 million under the “E.U. GDPR” or £17.5 million under the “U.K. GDPR,” and (b) 4% of annual worldwide turnover), and confer the right upon data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations.
- 30
-
Table of Contents
The GDPR requires, among other things, that personal data be transferred outside of the E.U. (or, in the case of the U.K. GDPR, the U.K.) to the United States and other jurisdictions only where adequate safeguards are implemented or a derogation applies. In practice, we rely on standard contractual clauses approved under the GDPR to carry out such transfers and to receive personal data subject to the GDPR (directly or indirectly) in the United States. In addition, with respect to the personal data that we process on behalf of our customers, we self-certified to the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“E.U.-U.S. DPF”), which has been approved for transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to the United States. The E.U.-U.S. DPF has been recognized as adequate under the E.U. law to allow transfers of personal data from the E.U. to companies in the U.S. that have self-certified to the framework. However, the E.U.-U.S. DPF may be subject to legal challenge, which could cause the legal requirements for data transfers from the E.U. to be uncertain.
Among other effects, we may experience additional costs associated with increased compliance burdens, reduced demand for our offerings from current or prospective customers in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, and the U.K. (collectively, “Europe”) to use our products, on account of the risks identified in the Schrems II decision, and we may find it necessary or desirable to make further changes to our processing of personal data of European residents. The regulatory environment applicable to the handling of European residents’ personal data, and our actions taken in response, may cause us to assume additional liabilities or incur additional costs. Moreover, much like with Schrems II, we anticipate future legal challenges to the approved data transfer mechanisms between Europe and the United States, including a challenge to the E.U.-U.S. DPF. Such legal challenges could result in additional legal and regulatory risk, compliance costs, and in our business, operating results, and financial condition being harmed.
We are also subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “CCPA”). The