unable, at this time, to reasonably estimate a possible loss or potential range of loss, if any.
Taasera v. Palo Alto Networks
On March 22, 2022, we filed a declaratory judgment action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking a ruling that we are not infringing various Taasera patents. The parties have resolved all pending matters between them as of December 2023. The amounts paid by us to resolve these matters were not material.
Lionra Technologies v. Palo Alto Networks
On August 29, 2022, Lionra Technologies filed a patent infringement lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. The parties have resolved all pending matters between them as of July 2024. The amounts paid by us to resolve these matters were not material.
Indemnification
Under the indemnification provisions of our standard sales related contracts, we agree to defend our end-customers against third-party claims asserting infringement of certain intellectual property rights, which may include patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets, and to pay judgments or approved settlements attributable to such claims. Our exposure under these indemnification provisions is generally limited to payments made to us for the alleged infringing products over the preceding twelve months under the agreement. However, certain agreements include indemnification provisions that could potentially expose us to losses in excess of these payments. In addition, we indemnify our officers, directors, and certain key employees while they are serving in good faith in their company capacities. To date, we have not recorded any accruals for loss contingencies associated with indemnification claims or determined that an unfavorable outcome is probable or reasonably possible.
13.
Stockholders’ Equity
Share Repurchase Program
In February 2019, our board of directors authorized a $
1.0
billion share repurchase program, which is funded from available working capital. In December 2020, August 2021, August 2022, and November 2023, our board of directors authorized additional $
700.0
million, $
676.1
million, $
915.0
million and $
316.7
million increases to this share repurchase program, respectively, bringing the total authorization under this share repurchase program to $
3.6
billion (our “current authorization”). The expiration date of our current authorization was extended to December 31, 2024, and our repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Repurchases may be made at management’s discretion from time to time on the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, block purchase techniques, 10b5-1 trading plans, or a combination of the foregoing. Refer to Note 19. Subsequent Events for additional information regarding the increase to our share repurchase program in August 2024.
The following table summarizes the share repurchase