respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024. Personnel costs grew $14.0 million and $39.8 million for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024, primarily due to headcount growth. The increase in cost of subscription and support revenue in both periods was further driven by increased professional services expense.
GROSS MARGIN
Gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, the average sales price of our products, cloud hosting service costs, personnel costs, the mix of products sold, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. Our virtual and higher-end firewall products generally have higher gross margins than our lower-end firewall products within each product series. We expect our gross margins to vary over time depending on the factors described above.
Product gross margin decreased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 primarily due to an increase in inventory reserves. The decrease in product gross margin for the nine months ended April 30, 2025 was partially offset by increasing benefits from manufacturing in a foreign trade zone established in July 2024.
Subscription and support gross margin decreased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 primarily due to an increase in costs related to our cloud-based offerings, partially offset by increased leverage of our global customer service organization.
- 32 -
Table of Contents
OPERATING EXPENSES
Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. Personnel costs are the most significant component of operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation, travel and entertainment, and with regard to sales and marketing expense, sales commissions. Our operating expenses also include shared costs, which consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount to each department. We expect operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and to decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. As of April 30, 2025, we expect to recognize approximately $2.4 billion of share-based compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.5 years, excluding additional share-based compensation expense related to any future grants of share-based awards. Share-based compensation expense is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs. Research and development expense also includes prototype-related expenses and shared costs.