Contents
•
Billings.
We define billings as total revenue plus the change in total deferred revenue, net of acquired deferred revenue, during the period. We have considered billings to be a key metric used by management to manage our business. There are inherent limitations in using billings to evaluate our operating results as the variability in payment terms may cause fluctuation in billings. Beginning in the first fiscal quarter of 2025, billings will no longer be a key financial metric and will no longer be reported. We calculate billings in the following manner:
•
Cash Flow Provided by Operating Activities.
We monitor cash flow provided by operating activities as a measure of our overall business performance. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items such as share-based compensation costs, depreciation and amortization, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business.
•
Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP).
We define free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, as cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property, equipment, and other assets. We consider free cash flow to be a profitability and liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after necessary capital expenditures. A limitation of the utility of free cash flow as a measure of our financial performance and liquidity is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for the period. In addition, it is important to note that other companies, including companies in our industry, may not use free cash flow, may calculate free cash flow in a different manner than we do, or may use other financial measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of free cash flow as a comparative measure. A reconciliation of free cash flow to cash flow provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, is provided below:
- 46
-
Table of Contents
Results of Operations
The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our total revenue for those periods based on our consolidated statements of operations data. The period-to-period comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods.
(1)
Includes share-based compensation as follows:
- 47
-
Table of Contents
REVENUE
Our revenue consists of product revenue and subscription and support revenue. Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of the corresponding promised products and subscriptions and support to our customers in an amount that