centers, with lease terms expiring through the year ending July 31, 2036. Some of our leases contain rent holiday periods, scheduled rent increases, lease incentives, early termination rights, and/or renewal options.
During the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, our net cost for operating leases was $
104.7
million, $
91.3
million, and $
89.7
million, respectively, primarily consisting of operating lease costs of $
75.6
million, $
64.2
million, and $
67.6
million, respectively. Our net cost for operating leases also included variable lease costs, short-term lease costs, and sublease income in the periods presented.
The following tables present additional information for our operating leases (in millions, except for years and percentages):
The following table presents maturities of operating lease liabilities as of July 31, 2024 (in millions):
(1)
Current portion of operating lease liabilities is included in accrued and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
As of July 31, 2024, we had additional non-cancelable operating leases for office space that had been signed but had not yet commenced with total future minimum lease payments of $
32.7
million. These leases are expected to commence on or after fiscal 2025, with lease terms ranging from
four
to
eight years
.
- 84
-
Table of
Contents
12.
Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Commitments
We have entered into various non-cancelable agreements with cloud service providers, under which we are committed to minimum or fixed purchases of certain cloud services. In addition, in order to reduce manufacturing lead times and plan for adequate supply, we have entered into agreements with manufacturing partners and component suppliers to procure inventory based on our demand forecasts.
The following table presents details of the aggregate future non-cancelable purchase commitments under these agreements as of July 31, 2024 (in millions):
Additionally, we have a $
141.2
million minimum purchase commitment with a cloud service provider through September 2027 with no specified annual commitments.
Mutual Covenant Not to Sue and Release Agreement
In January 2020, we executed a Mutual Covenant Not to Sue and Release Agreement for $
50.0
million to extend an existing covenant not to sue for
seven years
. As the primary benefit of the arrangement was attributable to future use, the amount was recorded in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets and is amortized to cost of product revenue on our consolidated statements of operations over the estimated period of benefit of
seven years
.
Guarantee
In October 2023, we established a multi-currency notional cash pool for a certain number of our entities with a third-party bank. As part of the notional cash pool agreement, the bank extends overdraft credit to our participating entities as needed, provided that the overall notionally pooled balance of all accounts in the pool at the end of each day is positive. In the unlikely event of a