was primarily due to higher purchases of investments, partially offset by higher proceeds from sales and maturities of investments and a decrease in net cash payments for business acquisitions during the nine months ended April 30, 2025.
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Our financing activities have consisted of repayments of our convertible senior notes, cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock, proceeds from sales of shares through employee equity incentive plans, and payments for tax withholding obligations of certain employees related to the net share settlement of equity awards.
Cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended April 30, 2025 was $404.8 million, a decrease of $759.0 million compared to the same period in 2024. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in cash used to repurchase our common stock which did not recur during the nine months ended April 30, 2025 and a decrease in cash used for repayments of the early conversion of our 2025 Notes during the period.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates due to risks and uncertainties, including uncertainty in the current economic environment. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future consolidated financial statements will be affected.
- 37 -
Table of Contents
We believe the critical accounting estimates discussed under Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 reflect our more significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments that have the most significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates as filed in such report, except for the update as described below resulting from our acquisition of certain IBM QRadar assets.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
We make significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments when valuing goodwill and other purchased intangible assets in connection with the initial purchase price allocation of an acquired business. These estimates are based upon a number of factors, including historical experience, market conditions, and information obtained from the management of the acquired business. Critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, cash flows that an asset is