a security process to conduct due diligence prior to engaging contractors and vendors and assess the security capabilities of subcontractors and vendors on a periodic basis.
•
Risk and Readiness Assessments.
We engage in at least quarterly assessments and testing of the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management program and incident response protocols that are designed to identify and evaluate vulnerabilities and weaknesses, address cybersecurity threats and test our readiness to respond to cybersecurity incidents. These efforts include, but are not limited to, threat modeling, vulnerability scans, penetration testing, audits, and tabletop exercises. We regularly engage third parties to perform assessments on our cybersecurity measures, such as audits and independent reviews of our compliance with various security compliance standards, including those established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, operating effectiveness and penetration tests. The results of such assessments are reported to management and we adjust our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices as necessary based on the information provided by these assessments, audits and reviews.
•
Awareness and Training.
We provide regular training for educating employees about corporate policies and procedures and information security designed to provide our employees with knowledge of best practices and effective tools for safeguarding our data and assets and reducing security risks based on the human threat vector. Our information security compliance training, data protection training, and code of conduct training is mandatory for all employees.
- 37
-
Table of Contents
•
Governance.
As discussed in more detail below under the heading, “Cybersecurity Governance,” our board of directors’ has delegated oversight of enterprise security risk management, including, but not limited to, cybersecurity risk management to the Security Committee. As part of our cybersecurity risk management procedures, senior members of management and the Security Committee are informed regarding security events based on established reporting thresholds, and are provided ongoing updates regarding any such meaningful threat or incident.
We have not identified any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially impacted or are reasonably likely to materially impact us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, to date. However, we face ongoing and increasing cybersecurity risks, including from threat actors that are becoming more sophisticated and effective over time, and we can provide no assurance that there will not be incidents in the future or that past or future threats or incidents will not materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial conditions. For additional information regarding these risks, please refer to