features and functionalities. Our products are designed for different performance requirements throughout an organization, ranging from our PA-410, which is designed for small organizations and remote or branch offices, to our top-of-the-line PA-7500, which is designed for large-scale data centers and service provider use. The same firewall functionality that is delivered in our physical appliances is also available in our VM-Series virtual firewalls, which secure virtualized and cloud-based computing environments, and in our CN-Series container firewalls, which secure container environments and traffic.
Our subscription and support revenue grew to $6.4 billion or 80.0% of total revenue for fiscal 2024, representing year-over-year growth of 20.9%. Our subscriptions provide our end-customers with near real-time access to the latest antivirus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, modern malware prevention, data loss prevention, CASB and AI security capabilities across the network, endpoints, and the cloud. When customers purchase our physical, virtual, or container firewall appliances, or certain cloud offerings, they typically purchase support in order to receive ongoing security updates, upgrades, bug fixes, and repairs. In addition to the subscriptions purchased with these appliances, customers may also purchase other subscriptions on a per-user, per-endpoint, or capacity-based basis. We also offer professional services, including incident response, risk management, and digital forensic services.
We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. During fiscal 2024, we introduced several new offerings, including: Prisma Cloud Darwin release with newly integrated Code to Cloud intelligence capabilities, PAN-OS 11.2 Quasar, Cortex XSIAM 2.0, new Cortex XSIAM features, Prisma SASE 3.0, and Precision AI
TM
. Additionally, we acquired productive investments that fit well within our long-term strategy. For example, in December 2023, we acquired Dig, which we expect will enhance our Prisma Cloud capabilities with a DSPM solution that is intended to provide customers with visibility into, and secure data stored across, their multi-cloud environments; and we acquired Talon, which will support Prisma SASE’s approach to provide secure access to business applications for unmanaged and personal devices with an enterprise browser. In May 2024, we announced an expanded partnership with International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) to deliver AI-powered security outcomes for customers, as part of which we agreed to acquire IBM's QRadar SaaS assets, including QRadar intellectual property rights, customer relationships and customer contracts. On August 31, 2024, we completed the acquisition of IBM’s QRadar SaaS assets and we expect