1:1 sessions, quarterly performance feedback, semi-annual performance reviews to use of our Cheers for Peers peer recognition program, employees get continuous input about the value they bring to the organization.
These listening and engagement strategies have informed our holistic People Strategy. Based on employee feedback, ratings from external sources, our modest attrition rate compared to market trends, and strong participation in our development and Internal Mobility programs, we believe employees at Palo Alto Networks feel engaged.
Inclusion & Diversity.
We are intentional about including diverse points of view, perspectives, experiences, backgrounds, and ideas in our decision-making processes. Our corporate inclusion and diversity (“I&D”) programs are designed to promote a workforce where employees feel safe and where they are encouraged to understand, listen, support, and elevate one another.
We have eleven employee network groups (“ENG”s)that play a vital role in building understanding and awareness. As of July 2024, 26% of our global workforce was involved in at least one ENG. We involve our ENGs in listening sessions with executive teams and they contribute to our annual I&D plans.
Our I&D philosophy is integrated in our programs to source, hire, onboard, develop, listen and engage talent. The diversity of our board of directors, with women representing 40% of our board as of July 31, 2024, is an example of our commitment to I&D.
- 13
-
Table of Contents
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE
We believe integrating environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) practices throughout our operations builds business resilience and helps manage risk. Our ESG strategy is designed to enhance safety, security, and sustainability for our stakeholders: customers, investors, employees, suppliers and our broader communities. This includes executing a science-based environmental strategy, investing in our global workforce and communities, and operating with integrity. We work to keep our stakeholders informed and maintain their trust by publishing an annual ESG report aligned to globally-recognized ESG reporting frameworks and standards.
Environmental.
Palo Alto Networks acknowledges the risk and opportunities associated with climate change and remains committed to doing our part to address the climate crisis by reaching our 1.5°C-aligned and externally verified Science-Based Targets, procuring 100% renewable electricity to run our managed sites by 2030, and working collaboratively across our value chain. Fiscal 2024 is the first full year that we powered our Santa Clara, California headquarters with 100% renewable energy through our local utility provider. Our near-term scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions reduction goals have been verified by the Science Based Targets initiative. We were also recognized by CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) as a “Climate Change A-List” company and a “Supplier Engagement Leader.” We report progress towards our goals