delivery of software license.
Subscription and Support Revenue
Subscription and support revenue is derived primarily from sales of our subscription and support offerings. We recognize subscription and support revenue over time as the services are performed. Our contractual subscription and support contracts are typically
one
to
five years
.
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
The majority of our contracts with our customers include various combinations of our products and subscriptions and support. Our appliances and software licenses have significant standalone functionalities and capabilities. Accordingly, these appliances and software licenses are distinct from our subscriptions and support services as the customer can benefit from the product without these services and such services are separately identifiable within the contract. We account for multiple agreements with a single customer as a single contract if the contractual terms and/or substance of those agreements indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single contract. The amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for delivering on the contract is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price.
We establish standalone selling price using the prices charged for a deliverable when sold separately. If the standalone selling price is not observable through past transactions, we estimate the standalone selling price based on our pricing model and our go-to-market strategy, which include factors such as type of sales channel (channel partner or end-customer), the geographies in which our offerings were sold (domestic or international), and offering type (products, subscriptions, or support).
Deferred Revenue
We record deferred revenue when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance. Our payment terms typically require payment within
30
to
45
days of the date we issue an invoice. The current portion of deferred revenue represents the amounts that are expected to be recognized as revenue within one year of the consolidated balance sheet date.
Deferred Contract Costs
We defer contract costs that are recoverable and incremental to obtaining customer sales contracts. Contract costs, which primarily consist of sales commissions, are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Sales commissions paid for initial contracts are generally not commensurate with the commissions paid for renewal contracts, given the substantive difference in commission rates in proportion to their respective contract values. Sales commissions for initial contracts that are not commensurate are amortized over a benefit period of
five years
. The benefit period is determined by taking into consideration contract length, expected renewals, technology life, and other quantitative and qualitative factors.