reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those products and subscriptions and support. We expect our revenue to vary from quarter to quarter based on seasonal and cyclical factors.
PRODUCT REVENUE
Product revenue is derived from sales of our appliances, primarily our ML-Powered Next-Generation Firewall. Product revenue also includes revenue derived from software licenses of Panorama, SD-WAN, and the VM-Series. Our appliances and software licenses include a broad set of built-in networking and security features and functionalities. We recognize product revenue at the time of hardware shipment or delivery of software license.
Product revenue increased for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 driven by increased software revenue primarily due to our go-to-market strategy for certain Network Security offerings, and a change in mix shift within our new generation of hardware products, partially offset by decreased demand for our prior generation of hardware products.
SUBSCRIPTION AND SUPPORT REVENUE
Subscription and support revenue is derived primarily from sales of our subscription and support offerings. Our subscription and support contracts are typically one to five years. We recognize revenue from subscriptions and support over time as the services are performed. As a percentage of total revenue, we expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base.
Subscription and support revenue increased for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 due to increased demand for our subscription and support offerings from our end-customers. The mix between subscription revenue and support revenue will fluctuate over time, depending on the introduction of new subscription offerings, renewals of support services, and our ability to increase sales to new and existing end-customers.
- 48
-
Table of Contents
REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHIC THEATER
Revenue from the Americas, EMEA and APAC increased year-over-year for fiscal 2024 as we continued to increase investment in our global sales force in order to support our growth and innovation. Our three geographic theaters had similar year-over-year revenue growth rates for fiscal 2024, with the Americas contributing the highest increase in revenue due to its larger scale.
COST OF REVENUE
Our cost of revenue consists of cost of product revenue and cost of subscription and support revenue.
COST OF PRODUCT REVENUE
Cost of product revenue primarily includes costs paid to our manufacturing partners for procuring components and manufacturing our products. Our cost of product revenue also includes personnel costs, which consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation, and travel associated with our operations organization, amortization of intellectual property licenses, product testing costs, shipping and tariff