adopted; and rulings that invalidate prior laws, regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations may be issued. For example, we are subject to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (“E.U. GDPR”) and the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation (“U.K. GDPR,” and collectively the “GDPR”), each of which impose stringent data protection requirements, provide for costly penalties for noncompliance (up to the greater of (a) €20 million under the E.U. GDPR or £17.5 million under the “U.K. GDPR,” and (b) 4% of annual worldwide turnover), and confer the right upon data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations.
The GDPR imposes restrictions, among other things, on the transfer of personal data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) (or, in the case of the U.K. GDPR, the U.K.) to non-EEA countries, such as the United States, unless adequate safeguards are implemented or a derogation applies. In practice, we rely on standard contractual clauses approved under the GDPR to carry out such transfers and to receive personal data subject to the GDPR (directly or indirectly) in the United States. In addition, with respect to the personal data that we process on behalf of our customers, we self-certified to the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“E.U.-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the E.U.-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “DPF”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, regarding transfers of certain personal data from the E.U., the U.K., and Switzerland to the United States. The DPF has been recognized as adequate under applicable law to allow transfers of personal data from the E.U., U.K., and Switzerland, as the case may be, to companies in the U.S. that have self-certified to the framework. However, the DPF may be subject to legal challenges, which could invalidate its use, disrupt our ability to rely on such data transfer mechanisms, and otherwise cause the legal requirements for such data transfers to be uncertain.
Among other effects, we may experience additional costs associated with increased compliance burdens, reduced demand for our offerings from current or prospective customers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. (collectively, “Europe”) to use our products, on account of the risks identified in the Schrems II decision, and we may find it necessary or desirable to make further changes to our processing of personal data of European residents. The regulatory environment applicable to the handling of European residents’ personal data, and our actions taken in response, may cause us to assume additional liabilities or incur additional costs. Moreover, much like with Schrems II, we anticipate future legal challenges to the approved data transfer mechanisms between Europe and the United States, including a challenge to the E.U.-U.S. DPF. Such legal challenges