will not render our products, subscriptions, and technologies obsolete or noncompetitive.
Issues in the development and deployment of AI may result in reputational harm and legal liability and could adversely affect our results of operations.
We have incorporated, and are continuing to develop and deploy, AI into many of our products and solutions, including services that support our products and solutions. We are also incorporating AI into the operations of our business. AI presents challenges and risks that could affect our products and solutions, and the operations of our business. For example, AI algorithms may have flaws, and datasets used to train models may be insufficient or contain biased information. The AI that is being incorporated into our products, solutions, and business operation tools may not be successful or beneficial, and instead may cause technical, legal or ethical problems or result in increased costs. The investments that we are making across our business in AI reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to our customers, as well as provide efficiencies in our business. Such investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital and we may incur unanticipated liabilities. These efforts could subject us to regulatory risk, legal liability, including under new proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the E.U. and regulations being considered in other jurisdictions, or brand or reputational harm.
The rapid evolution of AI, including potential government regulation of AI, requires us to invest significant resources to develop, test, and maintain AI in our products and services in a manner that meets evolving requirements and expectations. The rules and regulations adopted by policymakers over time may require us to make changes to our business practices. Developing, testing, and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems.
The intellectual property ownership and license rights surrounding AI technologies, as well as data protection laws related to the use and development of AI, are currently not fully addressed by courts or regulators. The use or adoption of AI technologies in our products may result in exposure to claims by third parties of copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation, which may require us to pay compensation or license fees to third parties. The evolving legal, regulatory, and compliance framework for AI technologies may also impact our ability to protect our own data and intellectual property against infringing use.
A network or data security incident may allow unauthorized access to our network or data, harm our reputation, create additional liability, and adversely impact our financial results.
Increasingly, companies are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their