critical element of our overall company strategy. Our People Strategy is a comprehensive approach to source, hire, onboard, develop, listen, and engage employees. Our approach is grounded on core tenets: respect each employee as a unique individual, demonstrate fairness and equity, facilitate personalization whenever possible, and nurture a culture where employees have access to industry-leading professional development programs and are empowered to do the best work of their careers. Our values of disruption, execution, collaboration, inclusion, and integrity were co-created with employees and serve as the foundation of our culture.
Source & Hire.
At Palo Alto Networks, sourcing talent with the necessary skills and capabilities to contribute to our culture is central to our talent acquisition strategy, known as “The Way We Hire.” We prioritize internal mobility to foster career growth within Palo Alto Networks, enabling employees to advance through traditional career paths or explore roles across different business functions, at times leading to promotions.
We utilize structured interviewing practices, thorough job analyses, and success profiles to identify high-quality candidates and staff critical roles. Our Global Hiring Committee, introduced in fiscal 2023, plays a key role in maintaining our hiring standards, which help drive objectivity. This group of cross-functional senior leaders reviews every finalist candidate to ensure they meet our criteria and fit well with our company.
Interviewer training is a critical component of our strategy. In fiscal 2024, we began to implement a structured three-tier program to improve interviewer skills, save time across the hiring process, and enhance hiring quality. Interviewers receive learning courses focused on effective feedback and practical assessments; hiring managers are provided with in-depth, in-person training, and hiring champions receive a scenario-based training program.
- 12
-
Table of Contents
To attract a diverse range of expertise and perspectives, and reach underrepresented talent, we promote job descriptions across diverse hiring channels, conduct interviews with a diverse slate of panelists, and encourage employee referrals. Our hiring managers also receive unconscious bias training, and our interviewing process emphasizes values and capabilities that support our culture.
Onboard & Develop.
Each member of our workforce is unique, and their integration into Palo Alto Networks and career journey involve individual needs, interests, and goals. In response, our development programs are grounded on personalization, flexibility, and choice. From onboarding to professional development, FLEXLearn, our comprehensive platform offers multiple paths to assess, develop, and grow.
Before an employee’s start date, they are provided access to foundational tools to help them prepare to join Palo Alto Networks. We view pre-boarding as fundamental to introducing new employees to our culture, building