contracts reduce but do not entirely eliminate the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
A hypothetical 10% change in foreign exchange rates on monetary assets and liabilities would not be material to our financial condition or results of operations after taking into consideration the effect of foreign currency forward contracts in place as of July 31, 2024. The effectiveness of our existing hedging transactions and the availability and effectiveness of any hedging transactions we may decide to enter into in the future may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Note 6. Derivative Instruments in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information.
As our international operations grow, our risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will become greater, and we will continue to reassess our approach to managing this risk. In addition, a weakening U.S. dollar can increase the costs of our international expansion and a strengthening U.S. dollar can increase the real cost of our products and services to our end-customers outside of the United States, leading to delays in the purchase of our products and services. For additional information, see the risk factor entitled
“We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results.”
in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Interest Rate Risk
The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity, and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. Most of the securities we invest in are subject to interest rate risk. To minimize this risk, we maintain a diversified portfolio of cash, cash equivalents, and investments, consisting only of investment-grade securities. To assess the interest rate risk, we performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates would have on the value of the investment portfolio. Based on investment positions as of July 31, 2024, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a $97.8 million decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if we sold the investments prior to maturity. Conversely, a hypothetical 100 basis point decrease in interest rates would lead to a $97.8 million increase in the fair market value of the portfolio.
In June 2020, we issued $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes. We carry these instruments at face value less unamortized issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets. As these instruments have a fixed annual interest rate, we have no financial and economic exposure associated with changes in interest rates. However, the fair value of fixed rate debt instruments fluctuates when interest rates