operations. Cash flows from foreign currency derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges are classified on our consolidated statements of cash flows in the same manner as the underlying hedged transaction, primarily within cash flows from operating activities.
We also enter into foreign currency derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our outstanding monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. These derivatives are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes, and the related gains and losses are recorded in other income, net on our consolidated statements of operations.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Land is not depreciated. The estimated useful lives of our depreciable assets are as follows:
Business Combinations
We include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the respective dates of acquisition. We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of our acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, generally based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Additional information existing as of the acquisition date but unknown to us may become known during the remainder of the measurement period, not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date, which may result in changes to the amounts and allocations recorded.
Intangible Assets
Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are carried at cost, less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Acquisition-related in-process research and development represents the fair value of incomplete research and development projects that have not reached technological feasibility as of the date of acquisition. Initially, these assets are not subject to amortization. Assets related to projects that have been completed are transferred to developed technology, which are subject to amortization.
- 69
-
Table of
Contents
Impairment of Goodwill, Intangible Assets, and Other Long-Lived Assets
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. We have elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative impairment test will be performed. Under the quantitative impairment test, if the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, we will