applicable disclosures to reflect the effects of the Stock Split.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
There have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies as of and for the nine months ended April 30, 2025, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, except for the update to the disclosure of our accounting policies as described below resulting from our acquisition of certain QRadar assets from International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”). Refer to Note 7. Acquisition for additional information.
Business Combinations
We include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the respective dates of acquisition. We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of our acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including contingent consideration, generally based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Additional information existing as of the acquisition date but unknown to us may become known during the remainder of the measurement period, not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date, which may result in changes to the amounts and allocations recorded.
- 8 -
Table of Contents
Contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with a business combination are recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and remeasured at each subsequent reporting period until the related contingencies have been resolved, with the change in fair value recognized in general and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Payments not made soon after the acquisition date to settle a contingent consideration liability are classified as cash flows from financing activities up to the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Segment Reporting
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued authoritative guidance that expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The standard is effective for our annual period in fiscal 2025 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, and requires retrospective application for all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. We expect the adoption of this standard will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that requires consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the effective tax rate reconciliation and additional disclosures of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The standard is effective for our annual period