of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, the costs to acquire or invest in complementary businesses and technologies, the costs to ensure access to adequate manufacturing capacity, the investments in our infrastructure to support the adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings, the repayment obligations associated with our 2025 Notes, the continuing market acceptance of our products and subscription and support offerings and macroeconomic events. In addition, from time to time, we may incur additional tax liability in connection with certain corporate structuring decisions.
We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Our operating activities have consisted of net income (losses) adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. Our largest source of cash provided by our operations is receipts from our billings.
Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2024 was $3.3 billion, an increase of $480.1 million compared to fiscal 2023. The increase was primarily due to growth of our business as reflected by increases in collections during fiscal 2024, partially offset by higher cash expenditure to support our business growth.
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Our investing activities have consisted of capital expenditures, net investment purchases, sales, and maturities, and business acquisitions. We expect to continue such activities as our business grows.
Cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2024 was $1.5 billion, a decrease of $523.9 million compared to fiscal 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in purchases of investments, partially offset by a decrease in proceeds from sales and maturities of investments and an increase in net cash payments for business acquisitions during fiscal 2024.
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Our financing activities have consisted of repayments of our convertible senior notes, cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock, proceeds from sales of shares through employee equity incentive plans, and payments for tax withholding obligations of certain employees related to the net share settlement of equity awards.
Cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2024 was $1.3 billion, a decrease of $383.2 million compared to fiscal 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in repayments of our Notes, partially offset by an increase in cash used to repurchases of our common stock during fiscal 2024.
- 54
-
Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these