portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. For example, in April 2025, we introduced several new offerings, including: Prisma AIRS, new SASE innovations such as Prisma Access Browser 2.0, and Cortex XSIAM 3.0. Additionally, we continue to make strategic investments that fit within our long-term strategy. For example, in April 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Protect AI, Inc., a privately-held cyber security company (“Protect AI”), and we expect the acquisition will enhance the capabilities of our AI security platform. The acquisition of Protect AI is expected to close by the first quarter of fiscal 2026, subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions, including regulatory clearance.
We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our portfolio and support offerings within existing end-customers, focus on end-customer satisfaction, and address any product vulnerabilities. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. For additional information regarding the challenges and risks we face, see the “Risk Factors” section in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
IMPACT OF MACROECONOMIC DEVELOPMENTS AND OTHER FACTORS ON OUR BUSINESS
Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impact on customer behavior. Changes in legislation or regulations and actions by regulators, including changes in enforcement and administration policies, may have an impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Significant changes in U.S. or global trade policy, including further expansion of U.S. export/imports controls and tariffs, as well as retaliatory actions by other countries, may materially and adversely affect our business. Further, worsening economic conditions, including inflation, high interest rates, slow growth, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, supply chain disruptions, impacts of trade regulations or international trade disputes, and other conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance.
- 26 -
Table of Contents
The hostilities in Israel and the surrounding region have continued to result in economic and political uncertainty. While we have business