demand for our subscription and support offerings from our end-customers. The mix between subscription revenue and support revenue will fluctuate over time, depending on the introduction of new subscription offerings, renewals of support services, and our ability to increase sales to new and existing end-customers.
- 30 -
Table of Contents
REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHIC THEATER
Revenue from the Americas, EMEA, and APAC increased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 as we continued to increase investment in our global sales force in order to support our growth and innovation, with the Americas contributing the highest increase in revenue due to its larger scale.
COST OF REVENUE
Our cost of revenue consists of cost of product revenue and cost of subscription and support revenue.
COST OF PRODUCT REVENUE
Cost of product revenue primarily includes costs paid to our manufacturing partners for procuring components and manufacturing our products. Our cost of product revenue also includes personnel costs, which consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation, and travel associated with our operations organization, amortization of intellectual property licenses, product testing costs, shipping and tariff costs, and shared costs. Shared costs consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount. We expect our cost of product revenue to fluctuate with our revenue from hardware products.
Cost of product revenue increased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 primarily due to increased demand for our new generation hardware products and an increase in inventory reserves. The increase in cost of product revenue for the nine months ended April 30, 2025 was partially offset by increasing benefits from manufacturing in a foreign trade zone established in July 2024.
- 31 -
Table of Contents
COST OF SUBSCRIPTION AND SUPPORT REVENUE
Cost of subscription and support revenue includes personnel costs for our global customer support and technical operations organizations, data center and cloud hosting service costs, third-party professional services costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets and capitalized software development costs, customer support and repair costs, and shared costs. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases.
Cost of subscription and support revenue increased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 primarily due to increased costs to support the growth of our subscription and support offerings. Cloud hosting service costs, which support our cloud-based subscription offerings, increased $55.7 million and $141.4 million for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025,