and a partial release of $43.0 million during the three months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease in general and administrative expense for the nine months ended April 30, 2025 was partially offset by increased personnel costs, which grew $92.6 million, largely due to increased share-based compensation.
INTEREST EXPENSE
Interest expense primarily consists of interest expense related to our 0.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Notes”).
Interest expense decreased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 primarily due to early conversions of our 2025 Notes. Refer to Note 9. Debt in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information on the Notes.
OTHER INCOME, NET
Other income, net includes interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and investments, and gains and losses from foreign currency remeasurement and foreign currency transactions.
Other income, net increased for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 primarily due to higher interest income as a result of higher average cash, cash equivalent, and investment balances for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024. The increase was further driven by increased gains from our non-designated derivative instruments and investments, partially offset by increased foreign currency exchange losses for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024.
- 34 -
Table of Contents
PROVISION FOR (BENEFIT FROM) INCOME TAXES
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consists primarily of U.S. and foreign income taxes. Our effective tax rates during the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 were lower than our statutory tax rate primarily due to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. We regularly assess the need for a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets. In making this assessment, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets to determine, based on the weight of available evidence, whether it is more likely than not that some or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The assessment requires significant judgment and is performed for each of the applicable jurisdictions. Based on our analysis of all positive and negative evidence during the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2025, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance for our California deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty regarding realizability of these deferred tax assets as they have not met the “more likely than not” realization criterion. We expect future research and development tax credit generation in California to exceed our ability to use the existing tax credits.
Our provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 was primarily due to U.S. and foreign income taxes. Our effective tax rate