expenses also include shared costs, which consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount to each department. We expect operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and to decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. As of July 31, 2024, we expect to recognize approximately $2.0 billion of share-based compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.6 years, excluding additional share-based compensation expense related to any future grants of share-based awards. Share-based compensation expense is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs. Research and development expense also includes prototype-related expenses and shared costs. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue.
Research and development expense increased for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increased personnel costs, which grew $143.4 million, largely due to headcount growth. The remaining increase in research and development expense was further driven by increased shared costs.
- 50
-
Table of Contents
SALES AND MARKETING
Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including commission expense. Sales and marketing expense also includes costs for market development programs, promotional and other marketing costs, professional services, and shared costs. We continue to strategically invest in headcount and have grown our sales presence. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to grow our customer base, increase touch points with end-customers, and expand our global presence, although our sales and marketing expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue.
Sales and marketing expense increased for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increased personnel costs, which grew $117.3 million, largely due to headcount growth. The increase in sales and marketing expense was further driven by increased costs associated with sales and marketing events and go-to-market initiatives.
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE
General and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel costs and shared costs for our executive, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations, and professional services costs, which consist primarily of legal, auditing, accounting, and other consulting costs. We expect general and administrative expense to increase in absolute dollars over time as we increase the size of our general