inventory based on our demand forecasts. Other purchase obligations include non-cancellable subscription agreements and other commitments in the normal course of business.
The following table presents details of the aggregate future non-cancelable purchase commitments under these agreements as of April 30, 2025 (in millions):
Additionally, we have a $
127.3
million minimum purchase commitment with a cloud service provider through September 2027 with no specified annual commitments.
Litigation
We are subject to legal proceedings, claims, tax matters, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including, for instance, intellectual property and patent litigation. We accrue for contingencies when we believe that a loss is probable and that we can reasonably estimate the amount of any such loss.
Legal matters could include speculative, substantial, or indeterminate monetary amounts. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being a loss and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters, and we may be unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss. The outcomes of outstanding legal matters are inherently unpredictable, and could, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations. To the extent there is a reasonable possibility that a loss exceeding any amounts already recognized may be incurred, we will either disclose the estimated additional loss or state that such an estimate cannot be made.
The following matters arose in the ordinary course of business.
Centripetal Networks, Inc. v. Palo Alto Networks
On March 12, 2021, Centripetal Networks, Inc., filed a lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The lawsuit alleges that our products infringe multiple Centripetal patents. We successfully challenged certain of these patents, which were found unpatentable by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“PTO”). The case went to jury trial on January 22, 2024, on
four
patents. On January 31, 2024, the jury returned a verdict of non-willful infringement with a lump sum amount of $
151.5
million, plus statutory interest. After post-trial motions, a judgment was issued on October 3, 2024 affirming infringement on
three
patents, reversing infringement on the fourth patent, and subsequently, reducing the damages amount to $
113.6
million. We posted a surety bond that was agreed upon by the parties and approved by the court. This bond prevents execution of the judgment while appeals are pending. In addition, Centripetal filed infringement contentions on certain of their patents in the European Patent Office in Germany, to which we filed invalidity challenges. Those matters are still pending.
As of July 31, 2024, we accrued $
184.4
million for the verdict amount and estimated interest. As of April 30, 2025, we accrued $
144.1
million based on the judgment and estimated interest, which is