condition, and operating results would be adversely affected.
Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new products and subscriptions could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business.
We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features to enhance our portfolio, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we engage in future debt financings, the holders of such additional debt would have priority over the holders of our common stock. Current and future indebtedness may also contain terms that, among other things, restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In addition, we may be required to take other actions that would otherwise be in the interests of the debt holders and would require us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios, any of which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
All references made to share or per share amounts related to our common stock have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the Stock Split. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information on the Stock Split.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
During the three months ended April 30, 2025, holders of the 2025 Notes converted $150.9 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes, which we repaid in cash. We also issued 2.2 million shares of our unregistered common stock to the holders of the 2025 Notes for the conversion value in excess of the principal amount. These shares of our common stock were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
In February 2019, we announced that our board of directors authorized a $1.0 billion share repurchase program, which is funded from available working capital. In December 2020, August 2021, August 2022, November 2023, and August 2024, we announced additional $700.0 million, $676.1 million, $915.0 million, $316.7 million, and $500.0 million increases to this share repurchase program, respectively, bringing the total authorization to $4.1 billion, with $1.0 billion