development, which includes the management of the relationships with our channel partners, working with our channel partners in winning and supporting end-customers through a direct-touch approach, and acting as the liaison between our end-customers and our marketing and product development organizations. We pursue sales opportunities both through our direct sales force and as assisted by our channel partners, which include resellers, global and regional systems integrators, service providers, and cloud providers. We expect to continue to grow our sales headcount to expand our reach in all key growth sectors.
Our sales organization is supported by sales engineers with responsibility for pre-sales technical support, solutions engineering for our end-customers, and technical training for our channel partners.
Channel Program.
Our NextWave Channel Partner program is focused on building in-depth relationships with solutions-oriented distributors and channel partners that have strong security expertise. The program rewards these partners based on a number of attainment goals, as well as provides them access to marketing funds, technical and sales training, and support. To promote optimal productivity, we operate a formal accreditation program for our channel partners’ sales and technical professionals. As of July 31, 2024, we had more than 6,500 channel partners.
Global Customer Success.
Our Global Customer Success organization is responsible for delivering professional, educational, and support services directly to our channel partners and end-customers. We leverage the capabilities of our channel partners and train them in the delivery of professional, educational, and support services to enable these services to be locally delivered. We believe that a broad range of support services is essential to the successful customer deployment and ongoing support of our products, and we have hired support engineers with proven experience to provide those services.
- 11
-
Table of Contents
Marketing.
Our marketing is focused on building our brand reputation and the market awareness of our portfolio and driving pipeline and end-customer demand. Our marketing team consists primarily of product marketing, brand, demand generation, field marketing, digital marketing, communications, analyst relations, and marketing analytics functions. Marketing activities include pipeline development through demand generation, social media and advertising programs, managing the corporate website and partner portal, trade shows and conferences, analyst relationships, customer advocacy, and customer awareness. Every year we organize multiple signature events, such as our end-customer conference “Ignite” and focused conferences such as “Cortex Symphony” and “SASE Converge.” We also publish threat intelligence research, such as the Unit 42 Cloud Threat Report and the Unit 42 Network Threat Trends Research Report, which are based on data from our global threat intelligence team,