is made.
In addition, our future income tax obligations could be adversely affected by changes in, or interpretations of, tax laws, regulations, policies, or decisions in the United States or in the other jurisdictions in which we operate.
If our estimates or judgments, including those relating to our critical accounting policies, are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results differ from our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock.
The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported on our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amounts of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. For more information relating to critical accounting policies, refer to the section entitled “Critical Accounting Estimates” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In general, if our estimates, judgments or assumptions relating to our accounting policies change or if actual circumstances differ from our estimates, judgments or assumptions, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock.
We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or our internal control may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock.
If we are unable to assert that our internal controls are effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If, in the future, our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or independent registered public accounting firm determines that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we could be subject to one or more investigations or enforcement actions by state or federal regulatory agencies, stockholder lawsuits, or other adverse actions requiring us to incur defense costs, pay fines, settlements, or judgments, causing investor perceptions to be adversely affected and potentially resulting in a decline in the