U.S. and foreign income taxes. Our effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation.
For the three and nine months ended April 30, 2024, our benefit from income taxes reflected effective tax rates of negative
11.0
% and negative
231.7
%, respectively. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended April 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation and the release of our valuation allowance on U.S. federal, U.S. states other than California, and United Kingdom (“U.K.”) deferred tax assets. Our effective tax rate for the nine months ended April 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the release of our valuation allowance on U.S. federal, U.S. states other than California, and U.K. deferred tax assets.
As a result of the valuation allowance release, during the three and nine months ended April 30, 2024, we recognized a deferred tax benefit of $
40.0
million and $
3.3
billion, respectively, for the U.S. federal, U.S. states other than California, and U.K. deferred tax assets. In addition, during the three and nine months ended April 30, 2024, we recognized a deferred tax expense of $
7.4
million and $
1.7
billion, respectively, for the U.S. federal indirect tax effect of foreign deferred taxes consistent with our policy to record deferred taxes for basis differences relating to our global intangible low-taxed income. Accordingly, during the three and nine months ended April 30, 2024, we recognized a net tax benefit of $
32.6
million and $
1.6
billion, respectively, relating to our valuation allowance release.
14.
Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by basic weighted-average shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income by diluted weighted-average shares outstanding during the period giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities to the extent they are dilutive. We compute the dilutive effect of shares issuable upon conversion of our convertible senior notes using the if-converted method, and the dilutive effect of warrants related to the issuance of convertible senior notes and equity awards under our employee equity incentive plans using the treasury stock method.
The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of common stock (in millions, except per share data):
The following securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share of common stock as their effect would have been antidilutive or issuance of such shares is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions which were not satisfied by the end of the applicable period (in millions):
- 22 -
Table of Contents
15.
Other Income, Net
The following table sets forth the components of other