derivative contracts expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the arrangement. We mitigate this credit risk by transacting with major financial institutions with high credit ratings and also enter into master netting arrangements, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. We are not required to pledge, and are not entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative instruments. We do not enter into derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes.
Our accounts receivable are primarily derived from our distributors in various geographical locations. Our financing receivables are with qualified end-customers and channel partners. We perform ongoing credit evaluations and generally do not require collateral on accounts receivable or financing receivables.
- 67
-
Table of
Contents
As of July 31, 2024, two distributors individually represented 10% or more of our gross accounts receivable, and in the aggregate represented
31.5
% of our gross accounts receivable. As of July 31, 2024, no end-customers or channel partners represented 10% or more of our gross financing receivables.
For fiscal 2024, four distributors represented 10% or more of our total revenue, representing
21.2
%,
13.2
%,
13.2
%, and
11.4
%, respectively. No single end-customer accounted for more than 10% of our total revenue in fiscal 2024, 2023, or 2022.
We rely on an electronics manufacturing services provider (“EMS provider”) to assemble most of our products and sole source component suppliers for certain components.
Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Our other comprehensive income (loss) includes unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investments and unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedges, net of tax effects.
Foreign Currency Transactions
The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies have been remeasured into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates. Foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are not significant to the consolidated financial statements.
Fair Value
We define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities which are required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which to transact and the market-based risk.
We categorize assets and liabilities recorded or disclosed at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets based upon the level of judgment associated with inputs used to measure their fair value. The categories are as