accrued significant costs associated with this exposure.
LOSS CONTINGENCIES
We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business. We accrue for loss contingencies when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible, then we disclose the possible loss or range of the possible loss or state that such an estimate cannot be made. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual should be adjusted, or a range of possible loss should be disclosed.
From time to time, we are involved in disputes, litigation, and other legal actions. However, there are many uncertainties associated with any litigation, and these actions or other third-party claims against us may cause us to incur substantial settlement charges, which are inherently difficult to estimate and could adversely affect our results of operations. The actual liability in any such matters may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to adjust our liability and record additional expenses. Refer to the “Litigation” subheading in Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding our litigation.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Refer to “Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements” in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements and our expectation of their impact, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition.
- 56
-
Table of Contents
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
Our sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars. A portion of our operating expenditures are incurred outside of the United States and are denominated in foreign currencies and are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our statement of operations. Foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses and foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not had a significant impact to our consolidated financial statements.
We enter into foreign currency derivative contracts with maturities of 24 months or less, which we designate as cash flow hedges, to manage the foreign currency exchange risk associated with our foreign currency denominated operating expenditures. We also enter into foreign currency derivative contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments to hedge a portion of our outstanding monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. These foreign currency derivative