consideration for the acquisition was $
1.1
billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):
As part of the acquisition, we agreed to make post-closing payments to IBM contingent upon customers entering into qualified new transactions through June 30, 2028. We also expect to receive a return of purchase consideration of $
6.3
million due to timing of transition of certain underlying customer contracts, of which $
1.4
million and $
1.9
million were received during the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025, respectively. In addition, we have entered into a transition services arrangement with IBM, under which IBM will perform certain services supporting the acquired assets and customers for a period of time that ends in the fiscal quarter ending October 2026.
Payments related to the contingent consideration liability are expected to begin in the fiscal quarter ending July 2025 and continue through the fiscal quarter ending October 2028. The estimated range of undiscounted contingent consideration is between $
0.5
billion and $
0.9
billion. Refer to Note 3. Fair Value Measurements, for more information on the fair value of our contingent consideration liability.
We have accounted for this transaction as a business combination and allocated the purchase consideration to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on preliminary estimated fair values, as presented in the following table (in millions):
Goodwill generated from this business combination is primarily attributable to the expected post-acquisition synergies from increased market penetration to support the growth of our Cortex Security Operations business. The goodwill is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
The following table presents details of the identified intangible assets acquired (in millions, except years):
Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effects of the acquisition were not material to our condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Additional information related to the acquisition existing as of the acquisition date may become known during the remainder of the measurement period, not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date, which may result in changes to the amounts and allocations recorded.
- 15 -
Table of Contents
8.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill
The following table presents details of our goodwill during the nine months ended April 30, 2025 (in millions):
Purchased Intangible Assets
The following table presents details of our purchased intangible assets as of April 30, 2025 and July 31, 2024 (in millions):
We recognized amortization expense of $
43.2
million and $
128.8
million for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025, respectively, and $
33.4
million and $
86.7
million for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2024, respectively.
The following table summarizes estimated future amortization expense of our intangible assets subject to amortization as of April 30, 2025 (in millions):
9.
Debt