remaining service periods as share-based compensation.
We have accounted for this transaction as a business combination and allocated the purchase consideration to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on preliminary estimated fair values, as presented in the following table (in millions):
Goodwill generated from this business combination is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected post-acquisition synergies from integrating Dig technology into our platforms. The goodwill is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
The following table presents details of the identified intangible asset acquired (in millions, except years):
Talon Cyber Security Ltd.
On December 28, 2023, we completed our acquisition of Talon Cyber Security Ltd. (“Talon”), a privately-held cyber security company. We expect the acquisition will support Prisma SASE’s approach to provide secure access to business applications for unmanaged and personal devices with an enterprise browser.
The total purchase consideration for the acquisition of Talon was $
458.6
million, which consisted of the following (in millions):
As part of the acquisition, we issued replacement equity awards, which included
0.3
million shares of our restricted common stock. The total fair value of the replacement equity awards was $
109.6
million, of which the portion attributable to services performed prior to the acquisition date was allocated to purchase consideration. The remaining fair value was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods as share-based compensation.
We have accounted for this transaction as a business combination and allocated the purchase consideration to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on preliminary estimated fair values, as presented in the following table (in millions):
Goodwill generated from this business combination is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected post-acquisition synergies from integrating Talon technology into our platforms. The goodwill is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
- 78
-
Table of
Contents
The following table presents details of the identified intangible asset acquired (in millions, except years):
Fiscal 2023
Cider Security Ltd.
On December 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Cider Security Ltd. (“Cider”), a privately-held cloud security company. We expect the acquisition will support Prisma Cloud’s platform approach to securing the entire application security lifecycle from code to cloud.
The total purchase consideration for the acquisition of Cider was $
198.3
million, which consisted of the following (in millions):
As part of the acquisition, we issued replacement equity awards, which included
0.2
million shares of our restricted common stock. The total fair value of the replacement equity awards was $
48.6
million, of which the portion attributable to services performed prior to the acquisition date was allocated to purchase consideration.