months ended April 30, 2025 (in millions, except per share amounts):
(1)
For PSUs, shares granted represent the aggregate maximum number of shares that may be earned and issued with respect to these awards over their full terms.
(2)
Includes time-based vesting for PSUs.
Our RSUs generally vest over a period of
three
to
four years
from the date of grant. Until vested, RSUs do not have the voting and dividend participation rights of common stock and the shares underlying the awards are not considered issued and outstanding.
Our PSUs generally vest over a period of
one
to
four years
from the date of grant. The number of PSUs eligible to vest is determined based on the level of achievement against certain performance conditions, market conditions, and a combination thereof.
- 20 -
Table of Contents
During the nine months ended April 30, 2025, we granted
3.4
million shares of PSUs that contain service, performance, and market conditions. The service conditions are satisfied after a period of
one
to
three years
. The performance conditions are based on an average of next-generation security annualized recurring revenue and non-GAAP net income per diluted share. The market condition is measured based on our total shareholder return (“TSR”) relative to the TSR of the companies listed in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index. As of April 30, 2025, we have approved
2.7
million shares of PSUs, which will be granted upon the performance condition being established during the next two fiscal years.
The fair value of the PSUs subject to market conditions is estimated on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model.
The following table summarizes the assumptions used and the resulting grant-date fair value of our PSUs subject to market conditions granted during the nine months ended April 30, 2025 and 2024:
Performance Stock Option (“PSO”) Activities
We have granted PSOs with both service and market conditions. The market conditions were achieved when certain stock price targets were met. As of April 30, 2025, all of our outstanding PSOs have been fully vested. The maximum contractual term of our outstanding PSOs is seven and a half years from the date of grant in fiscal year 2018 and 2019.
The following table summarizes the PSO activity under our stock plans during the nine months ended April 30, 2025 (in millions, except per share amounts):
Share-Based Compensation
The following table summarizes share-based compensation included in costs and expenses (in millions):
As of April 30, 2025, total compensation cost related to unvested share-based awards not yet recognized was $
2.4
billion. This cost is expected to be amortized over a weighted-average period of approximately
2.5
years.
- 21 -
Table of Contents
13.
Income Taxes
For the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025, our provision for income taxes reflected effective tax rates of
15.6
% and
12.3
%, respectively. Our income taxes for the three and nine months ended April 30, 2025 were primarily due to