tiered, indirect fulfillment model whereby we sell our products, subscriptions, and support to our distributors, which, in turn, sell to our resellers, which then sell to our end-customers.
Our product revenue grew to $452.7 million, or 19.8% of total revenue, for the third quarter of fiscal 2025, representing year-over-year growth of 15.8%. Product revenue is derived from sales of our appliances, primarily our ML-Powered Next-Generation Firewall. Product revenue also includes revenue derived from software licenses of Panorama
®
, SD-WAN, and the VM-Series. Our ML-Powered Next-Generation Firewall incorporates our PAN-OS operating system, which provides a consistent set of capabilities across our entire network security product line. Our appliances and software licenses include a broad set of built-in networking and security features and functionalities. Our products are designed for different performance requirements throughout an organization, ranging from our PA-400 Series, which is designed for small organizations and remote or branch offices, to our top-of-the-line PA-7500, which is designed for large-scale data centers and service provider use. The same firewall functionality that is delivered in our physical appliances is also available in our VM-Series virtual firewalls, which secure virtualized and cloud-based computing environments, and in our CN-Series container firewalls, which secure container environments and traffic.
Our subscription and support revenue grew to $1.8 billion, or 80.2% of total revenue, for the third quarter of fiscal 2025, representing year-over-year growth of 15.2%. Our subscriptions provide our end-customers with near real-time access to the latest intrusion prevention, web security, modern malware prevention, data loss prevention, cloud access security broker and AI security capabilities across the network, endpoints, and the cloud. Our subscriptions also include security operations, which enable customers to leverage the AI-driven Cortex platform for advanced capabilities such as security information and event management, next-generation antivirus, endpoint detection and response, extended detection and response, identity threat detection and response, cloud detection and response, SOAR, ASM, and CNAPP for comprehensive cloud security. Additionally, we offer MDR for Cortex subscriptions, powered by Unit 42’s elite expertise. When customers purchase our physical, virtual, or container firewall appliances, or certain cloud offerings, they typically purchase support in order to receive ongoing security updates, upgrades, bug fixes, and repairs. In addition to the subscriptions purchased with these appliances, customers may also purchase other subscriptions on a per-user, per-endpoint, or capacity-based basis. We also offer professional services, including incident response, risk management, and digital forensic services.
We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our