past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs, divert our management’s attention and resources from our business, and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our common stock.
In connection with the sale of our 2025 Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions (the “2025 Note Hedges”) with certain counterparties. In connection with each such sale of the 2025 Notes, we also entered into warrant transactions with the counterparties pursuant to which we sold warrants (the “2025 Warrants”) for the purchase of our common stock. The 2025 Note Hedges for our 2025 Notes are generally expected to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of our 2025 Notes. The 2025 Warrants could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the 2025 Warrants unless, subject to certain conditions, we elect to cash settle such 2025 Warrants.
The applicable counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the outstanding 2025 Notes (and are likely to do so during any applicable observation period related to a conversion of our 2025 Notes). This activity could also cause or prevent an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or our 2025 Notes, which could affect a note holder’s ability to convert its 2025 Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of our 2025 Notes, it could affect the amount and value of the consideration that the note holder will receive upon conversion of our 2025 Notes.
- 59 -
Table of Contents
We do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our 2025 Notes or our common stock. In addition, we do not make any representation that the counterparties or their respective affiliates will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.
The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans, the conversion of our Notes or exercise of the related Warrants, or otherwise will dilute stock held by all other stockholders.
Our restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 2.0 billion shares of common stock and up to 100.0 million shares of preferred stock