Our subscription offerings include:
Cloud-delivered security services:
•
Advanced Threat Prevention.
This cloud-delivered security service provides intrusion detection and prevention capabilities and blocks vulnerability exploits, viruses, spyware, buffer overflows, denial-of-service attacks, and port scans from compromising and damaging enterprise information resources. It includes mechanisms—such as protocol decoder-based analysis, protocol anomaly-based protection, stateful pattern matching, statistical anomaly detection, heuristic-based analysis, custom vulnerability and spyware “phone home” signatures, and workflows—to manage popular open-source signature formats to extend our coverage. In addition, it offers inline deep learning to deliver real-time detection and prevention of unknown, evasive, and targeted command-and-control (“C2”) communications over HTTP, unknown-TCP, unknown-UDP, and encrypted over SSL. Advanced Threat Prevention is the first offering to protect the enterprise from unknown command and control in real-time.
•
Advanced WildFire.
This cloud-delivered security service provides protection against targeted malware and advanced persistent threats and provides a near real-time analysis engine for detecting previously unseen malware while resisting attacker evasion techniques. Advanced WildFire combines dynamic and static analysis, recursive analysis, and a custom-built analysis environment with network traffic profiling and fileless attack detection to discover even the most sophisticated and evasive threats. In addition, Advanced WildFire defeats highly evasive modern malware at scale with a new infrastructure and patented analysis techniques, including intelligent runtime memory analysis, dependency emulation, malware family fingerprinting, and more. Once identified, whether in the cloud or inline, preventive measures are automatically generated and delivered in seconds or less to our network security platform.
- 5
-
Table of Contents
•
Advanced URL Filtering.
This cloud-delivered security service offers the industry’s first Inline Deep Learning powered web protection engine. It delivers real-time detection and prevention of unknown, evasive, and targeted web-based threats, such as phishing, malware, and C2. While many vendors use machine learning to categorize web content or prevent malware downloads, Advanced URL Filtering is the industry’s first inline web protection engine capable of detecting never-before-seen web-based threats and preventing them in real-time. In addition, it includes a cloud-based URL filtering database which consists of millions of URLs across many categories and is designed to analyze web traffic and prevent web-based threats, such as phishing, malware, and C2.
•
Advanced DNS Security.
This cloud-delivered security service uses machine learning to proactively block malicious domains and stop attacks in progress. Unlike other solutions, it does not require endpoint routing configurations to be