Unit 42. These activities and tools benefit both our direct and indirect channels and are available at no cost to our channel partners.
Our products and services have been recognized as leading in 24 categories by third-party industry analysts firms that perform independent assessments of these categories. This recognition by third parties is an important measure of validation for our customers.
Backlog.
Orders for subscription and support offerings for multiple years are generally billed upfront upon fulfillment and are included in deferred revenue. Contract amounts that are not recorded in deferred revenue or revenue are considered backlog. We expect backlog related to subscription and support offerings will change from period to period for various reasons, including the timing and duration of customer orders and varying billing cycles of those orders. Products are billed upon hardware shipment or delivery of software license. The majority of our product revenue comes from orders that are received and shipped in the same quarter. However, insufficient supply and inventory may delay our hardware product shipments. As such, we do not believe that our product backlog at any particular time is necessarily indicative of our future operating results.
Seasonality.
Our business is affected by seasonal fluctuations in customer spending patterns. We have begun to see seasonal patterns in our business, which we expect to become more pronounced as we continue to grow, with our strongest sequential revenue growth generally occurring in our fiscal second and fourth quarters.
MANUFACTURING
We outsource the manufacturing of our products to various manufacturing partners, which include our electronics manufacturing services provider (“EMS provider”) and original design manufacturers. This approach allows us to reduce our costs as it reduces our manufacturing overhead and inventory and also allows us to adjust more quickly to changing end-customer demand. Our EMS provider is Flextronics International, Ltd. (“Flex”), who assembles our products using design specifications, quality assurance programs, and standards that we establish, and procures components and assembles our products based on our demand forecasts. These forecasts represent our estimates of future demand for our products based upon historical trends and analysis from our sales and product management functions as adjusted for overall market conditions.
The component parts within our products are either sourced by our manufacturing partners or by us from various component suppliers. Our manufacturing and supply contracts, generally, do not guarantee a certain level of supply or fixed pricing, which increases our exposure to supply shortages or price increases.
HUMAN CAPITAL
We believe our ongoing success depends on our employees. Development and investment in our people is central to who we are, and will continue to be so. With a global workforce of 15,289 as of July 31, 2024, our People Strategy is a