in fiscal 2026 and could be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
Expense Disaggregation Disclosures
In November 2024, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that expands annual and interim disclosure of specified information about certain costs and expenses in the notes to financial statements. The standard is effective for our annual period in fiscal 2028 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2029, and could be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
2.
Revenue
Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table presents revenue by geographic theater (in millions):
- 9 -
Table of Contents
The following table presents revenue for groups of similar products and services (in millions):
Deferred Revenue
During the nine months ended April 30, 2025 and 2024, we recognized approximately $
4.4
billion and $
3.7
billion of revenue pertaining to amounts that were deferred as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Remaining Performance Obligations
Remaining performance obligations were $
13.5
billion as of April 30, 2025, of which we expect to recognize as revenue approximately $
6.2
billion over the next
12
months and the remainder thereafter.
3.
Fair Value Measurements
The following table presents our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of April 30, 2025 and July 31, 2024 (in millions):
- 10 -
Table of Contents
The fair value of contingent consideration liability is estimated using a discounted cash flow valuation technique. We consider the fair value of our contingent consideration liability to be a Level 3 measurement as we use unobservable inputs in determining discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value. The significant unobservable inputs include an estimate of future cash payments related to customers entering into qualified new transactions as well as a risk-adjusted discount rate used to present value the expected cash flows. A significant change in any of these assumptions could have a material impact to the fair value of our contingent consideration liability.
The following table presents a reconciliation of our contingent consideration liability (in millions):
- 11 -
Table of Contents
The total estimated fair value of our financing receivables approximates their carrying amounts as of April 30, 2025 and July 31, 2024. We consider the fair value of our financing receivables to be a Level 3 measurement as we use unobservable inputs in determining discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value.
Refer to Note 9. Debt for the carrying amount and estimated fair value of our convertible senior notes as of April 30, 2025 and July 31, 2024.
4.
Cash Equivalents and Investments