costs, and shared costs. Shared costs consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount. We expect our cost of product revenue to fluctuate with our revenue from hardware products.
Cost of product revenue decreased for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to decreased demand for our prior generation of hardware products and lower costs largely driven by an easing of supply chain challenges, partially offset by a change in mix shift within our new generation hardware products.
COST OF SUBSCRIPTION AND SUPPORT REVENUE
Cost of subscription and support revenue includes personnel costs for our global customer support and technical operations organizations, data center and cloud hosting service costs, third-party professional services costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets and capitalized software development costs, customer support and repair costs, and shared costs. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases.
Cost of subscription and support revenue increased for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increased costs to support the growth of our subscription and support offerings. Cloud hosting service costs, which support our cloud-based subscription offerings, increased $116.0 million for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. Personnel costs grew $48.2 million for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to headcount growth.
- 49
-
Table of Contents
GROSS MARGIN
Gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, the average sales price of our products, cloud hosting service costs, personnel costs, the mix of products sold, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. Our virtual and higher-end firewall products generally have higher gross margins than our lower-end firewall products within each product series. We expect our gross margins to vary over time depending on the factors described above.
Product gross margin increased for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increased software revenue and lower costs largely driven by an easing of supply chain challenges.
Subscription and support gross margin increased for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to our growth in subscription and support revenue, which outpaced the subscription and support costs.
OPERATING EXPENSES
Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. Personnel costs are the most significant component of operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation, travel and entertainment, and with regard to sales and marketing expense, sales commissions. Our operating