that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
- 72
-
Table of
Contents
We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement.
Loss Contingencies
We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business. In determining loss contingencies, we consider the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset, or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible, then we disclose the possible loss or range of the possible loss or state that such an estimate cannot be made. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual should be adjusted, or a range of possible loss should be disclosed.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Segment Reporting
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued authoritative guidance that expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2025 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, and requires retrospective application for all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that requires consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the effective tax rate reconciliation and additional disclosures of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2026 and could be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
2.
Revenue
Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table presents revenue by geographic theater (in millions):
The