thoroughly to certify and ensure interoperability with third-party hardware and software products.
We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. During fiscal 2024, we introduced several new offerings, including: Prisma Cloud Darwin release with newly integrated Code to Cloud intelligence capabilities, PAN-OS 11.2 Quasar, Cortex XSIAM 2.0, new Cortex XSIAM features, Prisma SASE 3.0, and Precision AI
TM
. Additionally, we acquired productive investments that fit well within our long-term strategy. For example, in December 2023, we acquired Dig Security Solutions Ltd. ("Dig"), which we expect will enhance our Prisma Cloud capabilities with a DSPM solution; and we acquired Talon Cyber Security Ltd. (“Talon”), which will support Prisma SASE’s approach to provide secure access to business applications for unmanaged and personal devices with an enterprise browser.
We plan to continue to significantly invest in our research and development efforts as we evolve and extend the capabilities of our portfolio.
- 9
-
Table of Contents
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business, and that our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect and use our core technology and intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, intellectual property assignment agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements to establish, protect and control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights. We continue to grow our global portfolio of intellectual property rights in connection with our products, services, research and development. We file patent applications to protect our intellectual property and believe that the duration of our issued patents is sufficient when considering the expected lives of our products. We have registered various trademarks for our company and our products in the United States (“U.S.”) and other jurisdictions internationally. We intend to continue pursuing additional protections for our proprietary technology and intellectual property to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective.
Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights, our rights may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We believe that competitors will try to develop products that are similar to ours and that may infringe our intellectual property rights. Our competitors, third-parties and