trust, and facilitating rapid productivity. Welcome Day is a combination of in-person, virtual learning platforms and communication channels that provide new employees with inspirational, often personalized, onboarding experiences that carry on through the first year of employment. We have specialized learning tracks for interns and new graduates that have been recognized as best in class externally to support early-in-career individuals in acclimating to our culture as they progress on their career journey. As part of our merger and acquisition strategy, we have established a robust integration program that works to enable individuals joining our teams to feel part of our culture.
Following onboarding, there are a variety of ways that employees can assess their interests and skills, build a development plan specific to those insights, and continue to grow using FLEXLearn. The platform contains curated content and programs, such as assessment instruments, thousands of courses, workshops, and mentoring and coaching services. Leaders and executives also have access to tools that allow them to identify their strengths and areas for development, and personalized learning tracks that help them deliver maximum personal and team performance. Employees have agency to direct their growth at their pace and choosing. Development information about core business elements, required company-wide compliance training and information about activities on topics ranging from inclusion to well-being and collaboration, are also deployed through FLEXLearn. On average, employees had completed 33 hours of development through the FLEXLearn platform during fiscal 2024.
Listen & Engage.
We aim to foster engagement and strive to meet our unique employees where they are, and in ways that help them feel connected to our mission and values. Through our multifaceted approach, we collect, understand, and act on employee feedback. We share and gather information through corporate and functional “All Hands” meetings, digital displays across our sites, our intranet, regular email communications, an active Slack platform, and regular two-way dialogue—such as the small, in-person monthly listening sessions our CEO hosts. We also conduct ad-hoc pulse surveys and offer a peer-to-peer recognition platform.
We also listen to and address engagement through external sources such as Glassdoor, The Best Practice Institute, Comparably, and others. In addition, based on employee participation in an anonymous survey, the Best Practice Institute has certified Palo Alto Networks as “Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces” since 2021. Palo Alto Networks has been recognized by Comparably, Human Rights Campaign, Disability:IN, and others as an employer of choice. Our CEO has also earned a 91% employee approval rating on Glassdoor, a top percentile score.
In addition to a comprehensive compensation and diverse benefits program, we believe in an always-on feedback and rewards philosophy. From recurring