that propose a partial global profit reallocation and a global minimum tax rate of 15%. Certain countries, including European Union member states, have enacted or are expected to enact legislation incorporating the global minimum tax with effect from 2024 and widespread implementation of a global minimum tax is expected by the end of 2025. As the legislation becomes effective in countries in which we do business, our taxes could increase and negatively impact our provision for income taxes. This
increasingly complex global tax environment
has in the past and could continue to increase tax uncertainty, resulting in higher compliance costs and adverse effects on our financial performance. We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by numerous taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, has made and could continue to make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation can materially differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse effect on our financial performance.
If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if we are found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business can be adversely affected.
We possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business, including ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. The laws of various jurisdictions in which we operate have differing levels of protection of intellectual property. Our competitive position and the value of our products and brands can be reduced and our business adversely affected if we fail to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property, including our ingredient formulas, or if there is a change in law that limits or removes the current legal protections afforded our intellectual property. Also, in the course of developing new products or improving the quality of existing products, we have in the past been alleged to have infringed, and could in the future infringe or be alleged to infringe, on the intellectual property rights of others. In addition, our use of artificial intelligence may result in increased claims of infringement or other claims, including those based on unauthorized use of third-party technology or content. Such infringement or allegations of infringement could result in expensive litigation and damages, damage to our reputation, disruption to our operations, injunctions against development, manufacturing, use and/or sale of certain products, inventory write-offs or other limitations on our ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing products, resulting in an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot ensure that