countries.
Free cash flow
: net cash from operating activities less capital spending, plus sales of property, plant and equipment.
Independent bottlers
: customers to whom we have granted exclusive contracts to sell and manufacture certain beverage products bearing our trademarks within a specific geographical area.
Mark-to-market net impact
: change in market value for commodity derivative contracts that we purchase to mitigate the volatility in costs of energy and raw materials that we consume. The market value is determined based on prices on national exchanges and recently reported transactions in the marketplace.
NCB
:
non-carbonated beverage.
Organic
:
a measure that adjusts for the impacts of foreign exchange translation, acquisitions and divestitures, and where applicable, the impact of the 53
rd
reporting week. In excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation, we assume constant foreign exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. See the definition of “Constant currency” for further information.
118
Table of
Contents
Total marketplace spending
: includes sales incentives and discounts offered through various programs to our customers, consumers or independent bottlers, as well as advertising and other marketing activities.
Transaction gains and losses
: the impact on our consolidated financial statements of exchange rate changes arising from specific transactions.
Translation adjustment
: the impact of converting our foreign affiliates’ financial statements into U.S. dollars for the purpose of consolidating our financial statements.
119
Table of
Contents
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
Included in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Business Risks.”
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
See “Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.”
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not applicable.
Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.
(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in