equity into net income during the next 12 months.
Losses/(gains) on our net investment hedges are categorized as follows:
(a)
Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness recognized in earnings associated with cross-currency interest rate swaps.
19
Table of Contents
Losses/(gains) recognized in the income statement related to our non-designated hedges are categorized as follows:
Note 10 -
Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo per Common Share
The computations of basic and diluted net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share are as follows:
(a)
Weighted-average common shares outstanding (in millions).
(b)
The dilutive effect of these securities is calculated using the treasury stock method.
The weighted-average amount of antidilutive securities excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common share was
7
million and
5
million for the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 and March 23, 2024, respectively.
Note 11 -
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Attributable to PepsiCo
The changes in the balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to PepsiCo are as follows:
(a)
The movements primarily represent fair value changes in available-for-sale debt securities, including our investment in Celsius convertible preferred stock. See Note 9 for further information.
(b)
Pension and retiree medical amounts are net of taxes of $
1,282
million as of December 28, 2024 and $
1,279
million as of March 22, 2025.
(c)
Currency translation adjustment primarily reflects appreciation of the Russian ruble and deprecation of the euro.
20
Table of Contents
(a)
The movements primarily represent fair value changes in available-for-sale debt securities, including our investment in Celsius convertible preferred stock. See Note 9 for further information.
(b)
Pension and retiree medical amounts are net of taxes of $
1,282
million as of December 30, 2023 and $
1,280
million as of
March 23, 2024.
(c)
Currency translation adjustment primarily reflects depreciation of the South African rand, Canadian dollar and Russian ruble.
The reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to the income statement are summarized as follows:
Note 12 -
Acquisitions and Divestitures
Acquisition of Siete
On January 17, 2025, we acquired all of the outstanding equity interest in Siete, a Mexican-American foods business, for total consideration of $
1.2
billion in cash. The purchase price will be adjusted for net working capital and net debt amounts as of the acquisition date.
We accounted for the transaction as a business combination in the first quarter of 2025. We recognized and measured the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition, in our PFNA segment. The preliminary estimates of the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in this transaction as of the acquisition date primarily include
21
Table of Contents
goodwill and other