products utilizing certain packaging or to carry warnings about the environmental impact of plastic packaging. These regulations vary in scope and form from deposit return systems designed to incentivize the return of beverage containers, to extended producer responsibility policies and even restrictions or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics and packaging containing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). It is possible that similar or more restrictive requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future.
We are also subject to national and local environmental laws in the United States and in foreign countries in which we do business, including laws related to water consumption and treatment, wastewater discharge and air emissions. In the United States, we are subject to the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and other federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding handling, storage, release and disposal of wastes generated onsite and sent to third-party owned and operated offsite licensed facilities. Our operations outside the United States are subject to similar laws and regulations. In addition, continuing concern over environmental, social and governance matters, including climate change, is expected to continue to result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements (in or outside of the United States) to reduce emissions to mitigate the potential effects of greenhouse gases, to limit or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns or to expand mandatory reporting of certain environmental, social and governance metrics. Our policy is to abide by all applicable environmental laws and regulations, and we have internal programs in place with respect to our global environmental compliance. We have made, and plan to continue making, necessary expenditures for compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that aim to make progress toward achieving our sustainability goals. While these expenditures have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations to date, changes in environmental compliance requirements, and expenditures necessary to comply with such requirements or that aim to make progress toward achieving our sustainability goals, could adversely affect our financial performance. In addition,
10
Table of
Contents
we and our subsidiaries are subject to environmental remediation obligations arising in the normal course of business, as well as remediation and related indemnification obligations in connection with certain historical activities and contractual obligations, including those of businesses or properties acquired by us or our subsidiaries. While these environmental remediation and indemnification obligations cannot be predicted with certainty, such