net cash from operating activities less capital spending, plus sales of property, plant and equipment. Since net capital spending is essential to our product innovation initiatives and maintaining our operational capabilities, we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As such, we believe investors should also consider net capital spending when evaluating our cash from operating activities. Free cash flow is used by us primarily for acquisitions and financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. Free cash flow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since we have certain non-discretionary obligations such as debt service that are not deducted from the measure.
See “Free Cash Flow” in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” for further information.
32
Table of Contents
Items Affecting Comparability
Our reported financial results in this Form 10-Q are impacted by the following items in each of the following periods:
(a)
Provision for income taxes is the expected tax charge/benefit on the underlying item based on the tax laws and income tax rates applicable to the underlying item in its corresponding tax jurisdiction.
(a)
Does not sum due to rounding.
Mark-to-Market Net Impact
We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our segments. These commodity derivatives include metals, agricultural products and energy. Commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting gains and losses recorded in corporate unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in segment results when the segments recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Therefore, the segments realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility, which remains in corporate unallocated expenses.
33
Table of Contents
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
2019 Multi-Year Productivity Plan
The 2019 Productivity Plan
leverages new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineers our go-to-market and information systems,
including deploying the
right automation for each market; and simplifies our organization and optimizes our manufacturing and supply chain footprint.
To build on the successful implementation of the 2019 Productivity Plan, in 2024, we further expanded and extended the plan through the end of 2030 to take advantage of additional opportunities within the initiatives described above. As a result, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $6.15 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $5.1 billion. Plan-to-date through March 22, 2025, we have incurred pre-tax charges of $2.8 billion, including cash expenditures of $2.1 billion. We expect to incur