continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our ability to do so has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market, which has experienced and may continue to experience wage inflation, labor shortages, increased employee turnover, changes in availability of our workforce and changing worker expectations regarding flexible work models. Any unplanned turnover, sustained labor shortage or unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans to backfill current leadership positions, including the Chief Executive Officer, or failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled workforce, including with key capabilities such as e-commerce and digital marketing, artificial intelligence and data analytic skills, can deplete our institutional knowledge base, erode our competitive advantage or result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. In addition, failure to attract, retain and develop associates in a manner that supports our culture can damage our business results and our reputation. Any of the foregoing can adversely affect our business.
Water scarcity can adversely affect our business.
We and our business partners use water in the manufacturing of our products. Water is also essential to the production of the raw materials needed in our manufacturing process. Lack of available water of acceptable quality, actions by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, customers and consumers on water scarcity and increasing pressure to conserve and replenish water in areas of scarcity and stress, including due to the effects of climate change, can lead to: supply chain disruption; adverse effects on our operations or the operations of our business partners; higher compliance costs; increased capital expenditures (including investments in the development of technologies to enhance water efficiency and reduce consumption); higher production costs, including less favorable pricing for water; the interruption or cessation of operations at, or relocation of, our facilities or the facilities of our business partners; failure to achieve our goals relating to water use; perception of our failure to act responsibly with
14
Table of
Contents
respect to water use or to effectively respond to legal or regulatory requirements concerning water scarcity; or damage to our reputation, any of which can adversely affect our business.
Changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer can adversely affect our business.
The retail landscape continues to evolve, including continued growth in e-commerce channels and hard discounters. Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with e-commerce retailers and hard discounters, while also maintaining relationships