statements for further information.
Income Tax Expense and Accruals
Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax structure and transactions, including transfer pricing arrangements, available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish reserves when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, we believe that certain positions are subject to challenge and that we likely will not succeed. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit, new tax laws, relevant court cases or tax authority settlements. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for further discussion.
An estimated annual effective tax rate is applied to our quarterly operating results. In the event there is a significant or unusual item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded at the same time as that item. We consider the tax adjustments from the resolution of prior-year tax matters to be among such items.
Tax law requires items to be included in our tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. As a result, our annual tax rate reflected in our consolidated financial statements is different than that reported in our tax returns (our cash tax rate). Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in our tax returns in future years for which we have already recorded the tax benefit on our consolidated financial statements. We establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets if, based on the available evidence, it is not more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in our consolidated financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which we have already taken a deduction
58
Table of
Contents
in our tax return but have not yet recognized as expense in our consolidated financial statements.
In 2024, our annual tax rate was 19.4% compared to 19.8% in 2023. See “Other Consolidated Results” for further information.
See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Pension and Retiree Medical Plans
Our pension plans cover certain employees in the United States and certain international employees. Benefits are determined based on either years of service or a combination of years of service and earnings. Certain U.S. and Canada retirees are also