of December 28, 2024, we had approximately $
11
billion of undistributed international earnings. We intend to continue to reinvest $
11
billion of earnings outside the United States for the foreseeable future and while future distribution of these earnings would not be subject to U.S. federal tax expense, no deferred tax liabilities with respect to items such as certain foreign exchange gains or losses, foreign withholding taxes or state taxes have been recognized. It is not practicable for us to determine the amount of unrecognized tax expense on these reinvested international earnings.
Note 6 —
Share-Based Compensation
Our share-based compensation program is designed to attract and retain employees while also aligning employees’ interests with the interests of our shareholders. PepsiCo has granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs and long-term cash awards to employees under the shareholder-approved PepsiCo, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). Executives who are awarded long-term incentives based on their performance may generally elect to receive their grant in the form of stock options or RSUs, or a combination thereof. Executives who elect stock options receive
four
stock options for every
one
RSU that would have otherwise been granted. Certain executive officers and other senior executives do not have a choice and are granted
66
% PSUs and
34
% long-term cash, each of which are subject to pre-established performance targets.
The Company may use authorized and unissued shares to meet share requirements resulting from the exercise of stock options and the vesting of RSUs and PSUs.
As of December 28, 2024,
95
million shares were available for future share-based compensation grants under the LTIP.
The following table summarizes our total share-based compensation expense, which is primarily recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, and excess tax benefits recognized:
As of December 28, 2024, there was $
398
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation grants. This unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
two years
.
Method of Accounting and Our Assumptions
The fair value of share-based award grants is amortized to expense over the vesting period, primarily
three years
. Awards to employees eligible for retirement prior to the award becoming fully vested are amortized to expense over the period through the date that the employee first becomes eligible to retire and is no
88
Table of
Contents
longer required to provide service to earn the award. In addition, we use historical data to estimate forfeiture rates and record share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest.
We do not backdate, reprice or grant share-based compensation awards retroactively. Repricing of awards would require shareholder approval under the LTIP.
Stock Options
A stock option permits the holder to purchase shares of PepsiCo common