For information on our policies for indefinite-lived intangible assets, see Note 2.
72
Table of
Contents
In 2023, a pre-tax credit of $
13
million ($
13
million after-tax or $
0.01
per share) was recorded in our AMESA division, with $
9
million in selling, general and administrative expenses and $
4
million in cost of sales. In addition, a pre-tax charge of $
2
million ($
1
million after-tax with a nominal amount per share) was recorded in our LatAm division in selling, general and administrative expenses. Both of these amounts represent adjustments for changes in estimates of previously recorded amounts.
A summary of pre-tax other impairment charges taken as a result of our quantitative assessments is as follows:
(a)
See Note 9 for further information regarding our proportionate share of TBG’s indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment and other-than temporary impairment of our investment in TBG. In 2024, we recorded an allowance for expected credit losses of $
193
million, primarily related to outstanding receivables associated with the Juice Transaction.
(b)
See Note 4 for further information regarding impairment of intangible assets. For information on our policies for indefinite-lived intangible assets, see Note 2.
73
Table of
Contents
Other Division Information
Capital spending, amortization of intangible assets, and depreciation and other amortization of each division are as follows:
Net revenue and long-lived assets by country are as follows:
(a)
Long-lived assets represent property, plant and equipment, indefinite-lived intangible assets, amortizable intangible assets, investments in noncontrolled affiliates and other investments included in other assets. These assets are reported in the country where they are primarily used. See Notes 2 and 15 for further information on property, plant and equipment. See Notes 2 and 4 for further information on goodwill and other intangible assets. See Notes 9 and 15 for further information on other assets.
Corporate Unallocated Expenses
Corporate unallocated expenses include costs of our corporate headquarters, centrally managed initiatives such as commodity derivative gains and losses, foreign exchange transaction gains and losses, our ongoing business transformation initiatives, unallocated research and development costs, unallocated insurance and benefit programs, certain gains and losses on equity investments, as well as certain other items.
Note 2 —
Our Significant Accounting Policies
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue when our performance obligation is satisfied. Our primary performance obligation (the distribution and sales of beverage and convenient food products) is satisfied upon the shipment or delivery of products to our customers, which is also when control is transferred. Merchandising activities are performed after a customer obtains control of the product, are accounted for as fulfillment of our performance obligation to ship or deliver product to our customers and are recorded