consolidated financial statements.
64
Table of
Contents
Consolidated Balance Sheet
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023
(in millions except per share amounts)
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
65
Table of
Contents
Consolidated Statement of Equity
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022
(in millions except per share amounts)
(a) Cash dividends declared per common share were $
5.3300
, $
4.9450
and $
4.5250
for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
66
Table of
Contents
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 —
Basis of Presentation and Our Divisions
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and include the consolidated accounts of PepsiCo, Inc. and the affiliates that we control. In addition, we include our share of the results of certain other affiliates using the equity method based on our economic ownership interest, our ability to exercise significant influence over the operating or financial decisions of these affiliates or our ability to direct their economic resources. We do not control these other affiliates, as our ownership in these other affiliates is generally
50
% or less. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated. As a result of exchange restrictions and other operating restrictions, we do not have control over our Venezuelan subsidiaries. As such, our Venezuelan subsidiaries are not included within our consolidated financial results for any period presented.
Raw materials, direct labor and plant overhead, as well as purchasing and receiving costs, costs directly related to production planning, inspection costs and raw materials handling facilities, are included in cost of sales. The costs of moving, storing and delivering finished product, including merchandising activities, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates are used in determining, among other items, sales incentives accruals, tax reserves, share-based compensation, pension and retiree medical accruals, amounts and useful lives for intangible assets and future cash flows associated with impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets, goodwill and other long-lived assets. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust or revise our estimates as circumstances change. Additionally, the business and economic uncertainty resulting from volatile geopolitical conditions and