guidance requires a public entity to provide tabular disclosure, on an annual and interim basis, of amounts for the following expense categories: (1) purchases of inventory, (2) employee compensation, (3) depreciation and (4) intangible asset amortization, as included in each relevant expense caption. A relevant expense caption is an expense caption presented on the face of the income statement that contains any of the expense categories noted. Additionally, on an annual and interim basis, a qualitative description is required for amounts remaining in relevant expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively. The guidance also requires certain amounts that are
78
Table of
Contents
currently required to be disclosed to be included in the same tabular disclosure as these disaggregation requirements. Furthermore, on an annual and interim basis, a public entity is required to separately disclose selling expenses and annually, disclose a description of the selling expenses. The guidance is effective for 2027 annual reporting, and in the first quarter of 2028 for interim reporting, with early adoption permitted, to be applied on a prospective basis, with retrospective application permitted. We will adopt the guidance when it becomes effective, in our 2027 annual reporting and each quarter thereafter, on a prospective basis.
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance to enhance transparency of income tax disclosures. On an annual basis, the new guidance requires a public entity to disclose: (1) specific categories in the rate reconciliation, (2) additional information for reconciling items that are equal to or greater than 5% of the amount computed by multiplying income (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) by the applicable statutory income tax rate, (3) income taxes paid (net of refunds received) disaggregated by federal (national), state, and foreign taxes, with foreign taxes disaggregated by individual jurisdictions in which income taxes paid is equal to or greater than 5% of total income taxes paid, (4) income (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated between domestic and foreign, and (5) income tax expense (or benefit) from continuing operations disaggregated between federal (national), state and foreign. The guidance is effective for fiscal year 2025 annual reporting, with early adoption permitted, to be applied on a prospective basis, with retrospective application permitted. We will adopt the guidance when it becomes effective, in our 2025 annual reporting, on a prospective basis.
Note 3 —
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
2019 Multi-Year Productivity Plan
The 2019 Productivity Plan leverages new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineers our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and simplifies our organization and optimizes