See Note
9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q for the fair values of our financial instruments as of March 22, 2025 and December 28, 2024 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of these items.
Risks Associated with Tariffs
The imposition of tariffs (including U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on China, the European Union, Canada and Mexico and other countries and any tariffs imposed by such countries) are expected to impact our supply chain and result in increased input costs, including the cost of certain raw materials and packaging. The impact of tariffs will vary, including based on where inputs are sourced from and shipped to. In addition, any supply chain constraints, inflationary impacts or reduced consumer demand for our products as a result of such tariffs or ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty could impact our results. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of these tariffs on our business and to identify actions to potentially mitigate, where possible, any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
Imposition of Taxes and Regulations on our Products
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes or regulations on the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products or their packaging, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or their packaging, commodities used in the production of our products or their packaging or the recyclability or recoverability of our packaging. These taxes and regulations vary in scope and form. For example, some taxes apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Further, some regulations apply to all products using certain types of packaging (e.g., plastic), while others are designed to increase the sustainability of packaging, encourage waste reduction and increased recycling rates or facilitate the waste management process or restrict the sale of products in certain packaging. In addition, certain jurisdictions in which our snack products are sold have either imposed or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our snack products as a result of ingredients (such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat) contained in our products.
We sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods in more than 200 countries and territories and the profile of the products we sell, the amount of revenue attributable to such products and the type of packaging used vary by jurisdiction. Because of this, we cannot predict the scope or form potential taxes, regulations or other limitations on our products or their packaging may take, and therefore cannot predict the impact of such taxes, regulations or limitations on our