furnished to the SEC.
Investors should note that we currently announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts or our corporate website (
www.pepsico.com
), including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, key personnel, our brands and our business strategy. Information that we post on our corporate website could be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, consumers, business
11
Table of
Contents
partners and others interested in us to review the information we post on these channels. We may from time to time update the list of channels we will use to communicate information that could be deemed material and will post information about any such change on
www.pepsico.com
. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors.
The following risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, can have a material adverse effect on our business or financial performance, which in turn can affect the price of our publicly traded securities. These are not the only risks we face. There may be other risks we are not currently aware of or that we currently deem not to be material but that may become material in the future.
Business Risks
Reduction in future demand for our products would adversely affect our business.
Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to innovate and anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including the types of products our consumers want and how they browse for, purchase and consume them. Consumer preferences continuously evolve due to a variety of factors, including: changes in consumer demographics, consumption patterns, diet (whether due to changes in consumer behavior and eating habits, increasing use of weight-loss drugs or other factors) and channel preferences (including continued increases in the e-commerce and online-to-offline channels); pricing (including the effective impact of taxes imposed on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our products as a result of ingredients contained in such products); changes in consumer spending patterns (including if consumers switch to private label or lower-priced product offerings); product quality; concerns or perceptions regarding packaging and its environmental impact (such as single-use and other plastic packaging); concerns or perceptions regarding the nutrition profile and health effects of, or location of origin of, ingredients or substances in our products or packaging, including due to the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid); and concerns or perceptions regarding our workforce policies and initiatives. Concerns with any of the foregoing could lead consumers to reduce or publicly boycott