and cereals in our QFNA division (Quaker Recall).
43
Table of
Contents
Operating Profit, Operating Profit Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability and Operating Profit Performance Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability on a Constant Currency Basis
Operating profit adjusted for items affecting comparability and operating profit performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis are both non-GAAP financial measures. For further information on these measures, see “Non-GAAP Measures” and “Items Affecting Comparability.”
Operating Profit and Operating Profit Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability
(a)
See “Items Affecting Comparability.”
44
Table of
Contents
Operating Profit Performance and Operating Profit Performance Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability on a Constant Currency Basis
(a)
See “Items Affecting Comparability.”
(b)
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
FLNA
Net revenue decreased 1%, primarily driven by a decrease in organic volume, partially offset by effective net pricing.
Unit volume declined 2.5%, primarily driven by mid-single-digit declines in trademark Cheetos and trademark Tostitos and low-single-digit declines in trademark Lay’s and variety packs, partially offset by double-digit growth in trademark Chester’s and trademark Miss Vickie’s.
Operating profit decreased 7%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, and the decrease in organic volume. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings and the effective net pricing.
QFNA
Net revenue decreased 14%, primarily driven by a decrease in organic volume, which was negatively impacted by the loss of sales from products included in the Quaker Recall.
Unit volume declined 14%, primarily driven by double-digit declines in bars, oatmeal, pancake syrup and mix and ready-to-eat cereals. The unit volume decline in bars and ready-to-eat cereals was negatively impacted by the loss of sales from products included in the Quaker Recall.
Operating profit decreased 38%, primarily reflecting the decrease in organic volume, certain operating cost increases and a 14-percentage-point impact of charges associated with the Quaker Recall, partially offset by productivity savings, a 12-percentage-point favorable impact of an insurance recovery related to the Quaker Recall, lower advertising and marketing expenses and effective net pricing.
PBNA
Net revenue increased 0.5%, primarily driven by effective net pricing, partially offset by an organic volume decline.
Unit volume declined 3%, driven by a 4% decline in non-carbonated beverage (NCB) volume and a 2% decline in CSD volume. The NCB volume decline primarily reflected a mid-single-digit decline in our overall water portfolio, a low-single-digit decline in Gatorade sports drinks and a high-single-digit decline in our Lipton ready-to-drink tea portfolio.
45
Table of
Contents
Operating profit decreased 11%, primarily driven by certain operating cost