including 7UP, Aquafina, Mirinda, Mountain Dew, Pepsi and Sting Energy. These branded products are sold to authorized and independent bottlers, independent distributors and retailers. APAC also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).
Changes to Organizational Structure
The division amounts and discussions included in this Form 10-K reflect the reportable segments that existed through the end of 2024. Effective beginning with our first quarter of 2025, we realigned certain of
4
Table of
Contents
our reportable segments to be consistent with certain changes to our organizational structure and how the Chief Executive Officer will monitor the performance of these segments.
In North America, the food businesses, FLNA and QFNA, will be reported together as PepsiCo Foods North America. These changes do not impact our PBNA segment.
Internationally, the foods businesses in LatAm, Europe, AMESA and APAC will be reorganized into three reportable segments: Latin America Foods, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Other International Foods. Other International Foods will include the foods businesses in APAC and India, currently part of AMESA.
Our international franchise beverage businesses that were part of our LatAm, Europe, AMESA and APAC segments will be reported as International Beverages Franchise.
The company-owned bottling businesses operating internationally are all located within EMEA and will be reported in the newly created EMEA segment.
Our historical segment reporting will be recast beginning first quarter 2025 to reflect the new organizational structure.
Our Distribution Network
Our products are primarily brought to market through DSD, customer warehouse and distributor networks and are also sold directly to consumers through e-commerce platforms and retailers. The distribution system used depends on customer needs, product characteristics and local trade practices.
Direct-Store-Delivery
We, our independent bottlers and our distributors operate DSD systems that deliver beverages and convenient foods directly to retail stores where the products are merchandised by our employees or our independent bottlers. DSD enables us to merchandise with maximum visibility and appeal. DSD is especially well-suited to products that are restocked often and respond to in-store promotion and merchandising.
Customer Warehouse
Some of our products are delivered from our manufacturing plants and distribution centers, both company and third-party operated, to customer warehouses. These less costly systems generally work best for products that are less fragile and perishable, and have lower turnover.
Distributor Networks
We distribute many of our products through third-party distributors. Third-party distributors are particularly effective when greater distribution reach can be achieved by