our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. To build on the successful implementation of the 2019 Productivity Plan, in the fourth quarter of 2024, we further expanded and extended the plan through the end of 2030 to take advantage of additional opportunities within the initiatives described above. As a result, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $
6.15
billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $
5.1
billion, as compared to our previous estimate of pre-tax charges of approximately $
3.65
billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $
2.9
billion. These pre-tax charges are expected to consist of approximately
55
% of severance and other employee-related costs,
10
% for asset impairments (all non-cash) resulting from plant closures and related actions and
35
% for other costs associated with the implementation of our initiatives.
The total plan pre-tax charges are expected to be incurred by division approximately as follows:
79
Table of
Contents
A summary of our 2019 Productivity Plan charges is as follows:
(a)
Income amount represents adjustments for changes in estimates of previously recorded amounts.
Severance and other employee costs primarily include severance and other termination benefits, as well as voluntary separation arrangements. Other costs primarily include costs associated with the implementation of our initiatives, including consulting and other professional fees, as well as contract termination costs.
80
Table of
Contents
A summary of our 2019 Productivity Plan is as follows:
(a)
Excludes cash expenditures of $
7
million in
2024
, and $
1
million each in 2023 and 2022, reported in the cash flow statement in pension and retiree medical plan contributions.
The majority of the restructuring accrual at December 28, 2024 is expected to be paid by the end of 2025.
Other Productivity Initiatives
There were
no
material charges related to other productivity and efficiency initiatives outside the scope of the 2019 Productivity Plan.
We regularly evaluate different productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plan and other initiatives described above.
For information on additional impairment charges, see Notes 1, 4 and 9 for impairment and other charges taken related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, brand portfolio impairment charges and other impairment charges.
Note 4 —
Intangible Assets
A summary of our amortizable intangible assets is as follows:
81
Table of
Contents
Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis over an intangible asset’s estimated useful life. Amortization of intangible assets for each of the next
five years
, based on existing intangible assets as of December 28, 2024 and using average 2024 foreign exchange rates, is expected to be as follows:
Depreciable and amortizable assets are evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating or macroeconomic environment. In these circumstances, if an evaluation of the undiscounted cash flows indicates impairment,