returns, as well as the amortized cost.
(c)
Based on the price of index funds. These investments are classified as short-term investments and are used to manage a portion of market risk arising from our deferred compensation liability.
(d)
Based primarily on the price of our common stock.
(e)
Based on the fair value of investments corresponding to employees’ investment elections.
(f)
Based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate forward rates. As of December 28, 2024, the carrying amount of hedged fixed-rate debt was $
1.9
billion, which was classified on the balance sheet within long-term debt obligations.
104
Table of
Contents
(g)
Based on recently reported market transactions of spot and forward rates.
(h)
Primarily based on recently reported market transactions of swap arrangements.
(i)
Derivative assets and liabilities are presented on a gross basis on our balance sheet. Amounts subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements which are not offset on our balance sheet as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 were
not material
. Collateral received or posted against our asset or liability positions was
not material
. Exchange-traded commodity futures are cash-settled on a daily basis and, therefore, not included in the table.
The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments recorded at amortized cost approximate fair value (classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy) due to their short-term maturity. The fair value of our debt obligations as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 was $
40
billion and $
41
billion, respectively, based upon prices of identical or similar instruments in the marketplace, which are considered Level 2 inputs.
Losses/(gains) on our fair value hedges are categorized as follows:
(a)
Interest rate derivative losses/(gains) are included in net interest expense and other. These losses/(gains) are substantially offset by decreases/increases in the value of the underlying debt, which are also included in net interest expense and other.
Losses/(gains) on our cash flow hedges are categorized as follows:
(a)
Foreign exchange derivative losses/(gains) are included in net revenue and cost of sales. Cross-currency interest rate swap derivative losses/(gains) are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Commodity derivative losses/(gains) are included in either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity. See Note 11 for further information.
Losses/(gains) on our net investment hedges are categorized as follows:
(a)
Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness recognized in earnings associated with cross-currency interest rate swaps.
105
Table of
Contents
Based on current market conditions, we expect to reclassify net gains of $
45
million related to our cash flow hedges from accumulated other comprehensive loss within common shareholders’ equity into net income during the next 12