10, 2022, we announced a share repurchase program providing for the repurchase of up to $10.0 billion of PepsiCo common stock which commenced on February 11, 2022 and will expire on February 28, 2026. In addition, on February 4, 2025, we announced a 5% increase in our annualized dividend to $5.69 per share from $5.42 per share, effective with the dividend expected to be paid in June 2025. We expect to return a total of approximately $8.6 billion to shareholders in 2025, comprising dividends of approximately $7.6 billion and share repurchases of approximately $1.0 billion.
53
Table of
Contents
Free Cash Flow
The table below reconciles net cash provided by operating activities, as reflected on our cash flow statement, to our free cash flow.
Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on free cash flow, see “Non-GAAP Measures.”
We use free cash flow primarily for acquisitions and financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. We expect to continue to return free cash flow to our shareholders primarily through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining Tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global capital and credit markets at favorable interest rates. However, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Our Business Risks” for certain factors that may impact our credit ratings or our operating cash flows.
Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, whether or not as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, and therefore require us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Our Business Risks” and Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Changes in Line Items in Our Consolidated Financial Statements
Changes in line items in the income statement are discussed in “Results of Operations – Consolidated Review,” “Results of Operations – Division Review” and “Items Affecting Comparability.”
Changes in line items in the cash flow statement are discussed in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
Changes in line items in the balance sheet are discussed below:
Total Assets
As of December 28, 2024, total assets were $99.5 billion, compared to $100.5 billion as of December 30, 2023. The decrease in total assets is primarily driven by the following line item:
(a)
In billions.
(b)
Refer to the cash flow statement for further information.
Total Liabilities
As of December 28, 2024, total liabilities were $81.3