Juice Transaction did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations.
In the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we recognized
i
mpairment and other charges related to our TBG investment. See Notes 1 and 9 for further information.
Acquisition and Divestiture-Related Charges
Acquisition and divestiture-related charges primarily include transaction expenses, such as consulting, advisory and other professional fees, and merger and integration charges. Merger and integration charges include employee-related costs, contract termination costs, closing costs and other integration costs.
A summary of our acquisition and divestiture-related charges is as follows:
(a)
Income amount represents adjustments for changes in estimates of previously recorded amounts.
(b)
Recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses.
111
Table of
Contents
Note 14
—
Supply Chain Financing Arrangements
As part of our evolving market practices, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. Our current payment terms with a majority of our suppliers generally range from 60 to 90 days, which we deem to be commercially reasonable. We will continue to monitor economic conditions and market practice working with our suppliers to adjust as necessary. We also maintain voluntary supply chain finance agreements with several participating global financial institutions. Under these agreements, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, may elect to sell their accounts receivable with PepsiCo to these participating global financial institutions. Supplier participation in these financing arrangements is voluntary. Our suppliers negotiate their financing agreements directly with the respective global financial institutions and we are not a party to these agreements. These financing arrangements allow participating suppliers to leverage PepsiCo’s creditworthiness in establishing credit spreads and associated costs, which generally provides our suppliers with more favorable terms than they would be able to secure on their own. Neither PepsiCo nor any of its subsidiaries provide any guarantees to any third party in connection with these financing arrangements. We have no economic interest in our suppliers’ decision to participate in these agreements. Our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. All outstanding amounts related to suppliers participating in such financing arrangements are recorded within accounts payable and other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet.
A summary of our outstanding obligations confirmed as valid under the supplier finance program for the year ended December 28, 2024 is as follows:
112
Table of
Contents
Note 15 —
Supplemental Financial Information
Balance Sheet
(a)
Increase primarily reflects an allowance for expected credit losses related to outstanding receivables from TBG associated with