the Juice Transaction; see Note 1 for further information.
(b)
See Note 7 for further information.
(c)
See Note 12 for further information.
(d)
Includes our investment in Celsius convertible preferred stock. See Note 9 for further information.
(e)
Primarily reflects a decrease in capital expenditure payables, currency translation adjustments, as well as timing of payments.
113
Table of
Contents
Statement of Cash Flows
(a)
2022 excludes the premiums paid in accordance with certain debt transactions. See Note 8 for further information.
(b)
Includes tax payments of $
579
million in
2024
, and $
309
million in each of 2023 and 2022, related to the TCJ Act.
Supplemental Non-Cash Activity
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as reported within the balance sheet to the same items as reported in the cash flow statement:
(a)
Primarily relates to collateral posted against certain of our derivative positions.
Note 16 —
Legal Contingencies
The Company is party to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations. While the results of such litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final outcome of the foregoing will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
114
Table of
Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
PepsiCo, Inc.:
Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet of PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income, Cash Flows, and Equity for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 28, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2024 based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring