foreign exchange translation, driven primarily by the weakening of the Mexican peso, and the organic volume decline, partially offset by the effective net pricing and productivity savings.
Asia Pacific Foods
Net revenue decreased 2%, primarily reflecting unfavorable net pricing and a 2-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation, partially offset by organic volume growth.
Unit volume grew 3%, primarily reflecting growth in India, China and Australia.
Operating profit decreased 9%, primarily reflecting the unfavorable net pricing and certain operating cost increases. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings, the organic volume growth and lower advertising and marketing costs.
Non-GAAP Measures
Certain financial measures contained in this Form 10-Q adjust for the impact of specified items and are not in accordance with GAAP. We use non-GAAP financial measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan, evaluation of our overall business performance and as a factor in determining compensation for certain employees. We believe presenting non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-Q provides additional information to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and trends in our underlying operating results and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe presenting these measures in this Form 10-Q allows investors to view our performance using the same measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends.
We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that may be significant or that could affect an understanding of our ongoing financial and business performance or trends. Examples of items for which we may make adjustments include: amounts related to mark-to-market gains or losses (non-cash); charges related to restructuring plans; charges associated with acquisitions and divestitures; gains associated with divestitures; asset impairment charges (non-cash); product recall-related impact; pension and retiree medical-related amounts, including all settlement and curtailment gains and losses; charges or adjustments related to the enactment of new laws, rules or regulations, such as tax law changes; amounts related to the resolution of tax positions; tax benefits related to reorganizations of our operations; debt redemptions, cash tender or exchange offers; and remeasurements of net monetary assets. See below and “Items Affecting Comparability” for a description of adjustments to our GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-Q.
31
Table of Contents
Non-GAAP information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be the