and mobile commerce applications, including through subscription services and other direct-to-consumer businesses, the integration of physical and digital operations among retailers, as well as the international expansion of hard discounters, and the current economic environment continue to increase the importance of major customers. In 2024, sales to Walmart Inc. (Walmart) and its affiliates, including Sam’s Club (Sam’s), represented approximately 14% of our consolidated net revenue, with sales reported across all of our divisions, including concentrate sales to our independent bottlers, which were used in finished goods sold by them to Walmart. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on our FLNA, QFNA and PBNA divisions.
7
Table of
Contents
Our Competition
Our beverage and convenient food products are in highly competitive categories and markets and compete against products of international beverage and convenient food companies that, like us, operate in multiple geographies, as well as regional, local and private label manufacturers and economy brands and other competitors, including smaller companies developing and selling micro brands directly to consumers through e-commerce platforms or through retailers focused on locally-sourced products. In many countries in which our products are sold, including the United States, The Coca-Cola Company is our primary beverage competitor. Other beverage and convenient food competitors include, but are not limited to, The Campbell’s Company, Conagra Brands, Inc., Hormel Foods Corporation, Kellanova, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., The Kraft Heinz Company, Link Snacks, Inc., Mondelēz International, Inc., Monster Beverage Corporation, Nestlé S.A., Primo Brands Corporation, Red Bull GmbH and Utz Brands, Inc.
Many of our convenient food products hold significant leadership positions in the convenient food industry in the United States and worldwide. In 2024, we and The Coca-Cola Company represented approximately 18% and 21%, respectively, of the U.S. liquid refreshment beverage category by estimated retail sales in measured channels, according to Information Resources, Inc. However, The Coca-Cola Company has significant carbonated soft drink (CSD) share advantage in many markets outside the United States.
Our beverage and convenient food products compete primarily on the basis of brand recognition and loyalty, taste, price, value, quality, product variety, innovation, distribution, shelf space, advertising, marketing and promotional activity (including digital), packaging, convenience, service and the ability to anticipate and effectively respond to consumer preferences and trends, including increased consumer focus on health and wellness and sustainability and the continued acceleration of e-commerce and other methods of distributing and purchasing products. Success in this competitive environment is dependent on effective promotion of existing products, effective introduction of new products