the majority of the remaining pre-tax charges and cash expenditures through 2027, with the balance to be incurred through 2030. Charges include severance and other employee costs, asset impairments and other costs.
See Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q, as well as Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2024 Form 10-K, for further information related to our 2019 Productivity Plan.
We regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plan and other initiatives discussed above and in Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Acquisition and Divestiture-Related Charges
Acquisition and divestiture-related charges primarily include transaction expenses, such as consulting, advisory and other professional fees, and merger and integration charges. Merger and integration charges include employee-related costs, closing costs and other integration costs.
Product Recall-Related Impact
We recognized property, plant and equipment write-offs, employee severance costs and other costs in our PFNA segment associated with a previously announced voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals.
See Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information.
Our Liquidity and Capital Resources
We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit facilities, working capital lines and other available methods of debt financing, such as commercial paper borrowings and long-term debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs, including with respect to our net capital spending plans. Our primary sources of liquidity include cash from operations, proceeds obtained from issuances of commercial paper and long-term debt, and cash and cash equivalents. These sources of cash are available to fund cash outflows that have both a short- and long-term component, including debt repayments and related interest payments; payments for acquisitions; operating leases; purchase, marketing, and other contractual commitments, including capital expenditures and the transition tax liability under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJ Act). In addition, these sources of cash fund other cash outflows including anticipated dividend payments and share repurchases. We do not have guarantees or off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, that we believe could have a material impact on our liquidity. See “Our Business Risks” and Note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Business Risks” and Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2024 Form 10-K for further information.
34
Table of Contents
As of March 22, 2025, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in our