may be available (including limits on the sale of our products in public schools) or discontinue the use of certain ingredients or packaging. For example, in 2023 the U.K. restricted promotion and in-store placement of high in fat, sugar or salt products and in 2024, the state of California enacted a regulation banning artificial colors in products sold in K-12 public schools effective in 2027. Certain jurisdictions have imposed or are considering imposing color-coded labeling requirements where colors such as red, yellow and green are used to indicate various levels of a particular ingredient, such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat, in products, and other jurisdictions, including the U.S., are evaluating restrictions on “ultra-processed” foods. The imposition or proposed imposition of additional limitations on the marketing or sale of our products has in the past reduced and could continue to reduce overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity or leave consumers with the perception that our products do not meet their health and wellness needs, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
Laws and regulations related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials can adversely affect our business and financial performance.
We rely on diverse packaging solutions to safely deliver products to our customers and consumers. Certain of our products are sold in packaging designed to be recyclable, commercially compostable, biodegradable or reusable. However, not all packaging is recovered, whether due to lack of infrastructure, improper disposal or otherwise, and certain of our packaging is not currently recyclable, commercially compostable, biodegradable or reusable. Packaging waste not properly disposed of that displays one or more of our brands has in the past resulted in and could continue to result in negative publicity, litigation, government investigations or other action or reduced consumer demand for our products, adversely affecting our financial performance. Many jurisdictions in which our products are sold have imposed or are considering imposing laws, regulations or policies intended to encourage the use of sustainable packaging, waste reduction, increased recycling rates or decreased use of single-use plastics or to restrict the sale of products utilizing certain packaging. These laws, regulations and policies vary in form and scope and include extended producer responsibility policies, plastic or packaging taxes, minimum recycled content requirements, restrictions on certain products and materials, requirements for bottle caps to be tethered to bottles, restrictions or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics and packaging containing PFAS, restrictions on labeling related to recyclability, requirements to charge deposit fees and requirements to scale reusable or refillable packaging. For example, the European Union, Peru, South Africa and