including a wide range of products on the delivery vehicles. For example, our foodservice and vending business distributes beverages and convenient foods to restaurants, businesses, schools and stadiums through third-party foodservice and vending distributors and operators.
E-commerce
Our products are also available and sold directly to consumers on a growing number of company-owned and third-party e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications.
Ingredients and Other Supplies
The principal ingredients we use in our beverage and convenient food products are acesulfame potassium, aspartame, corn, corn sweeteners, flavorings, flour, juice concentrates, nuts, oats, potatoes, raw milk, rice, seasonings, sucralose, sugar, vegetable and essential oils, and wheat. We also use water in the manufacturing of our products. Our key packaging materials include plastic resins, including polyethylene
5
Table of
Contents
terephthalate (PET) and polypropylene resins used for plastic beverage bottles and film packaging used for convenient foods, aluminum, glass, closures, cardboard and paperboard cartons. In addition, we continue to integrate recyclability into our product development process and support the increased use of recycled content, including recycled PET, in our packaging. Fuel, electricity and natural gas are also important commodities for our businesses due to their use in our and our business partners’ facilities and the vehicles delivering our products. We employ specialists to secure adequate supplies of many of these items and have not experienced any significant continuous shortages that would prevent us from meeting our requirements. Many of these ingredients, raw materials and commodities are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. In addition, risk to our supply of certain raw materials is mitigated through purchases from multiple geographies and suppliers. When prices increase, we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers. In addition, we continue to make investments to improve the sustainability and resources of our agricultural supply chain, including the development of our initiative to advance sustainable farming practices by our suppliers and expanding it further globally. During 2024, we continued to experience volatility in our commodity, packaging and other input costs, that may continue into fiscal 2025. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on how we manage our exposure to commodity prices.
We also maintain voluntary supply chain finance agreements with several participating global financial institutions, pursuant to which our suppliers, at their sole discretion, may elect to sell their accounts receivable with PepsiCo to such global financial institutions. These