and/or euros, subject to customary terms and conditions. We may request that commitments under this agreement be increased up to $
5.75
billion (or the equivalent amount in euros). We may request renewal of this facility for an additional 364-day period or convert any amounts outstanding into a term loan for a period of up to one year, which term loan would mature no later than the anniversary of the then effective termination date. The 364-Day Credit Agreement replaced our $
4.2
billion 364-day credit agreement, dated as of May 26, 2023.
Funds borrowed under the Five-Year Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes.
Subject to certain conditions, we may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under these agreements. As of December 28, 2024, there were
no
outstanding borrowings under the Five-Year Credit Agreement or the 364-Day Credit Agreement.
In 2023, we discharged via legal defeasance $
94
million outstanding principal amount of certain notes originally issued by our subsidiary, The Quaker Oats Company, following the deposit of $
102
million of U.S. government securities with the Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, in the fourth quarter of 2022.
In 2022, we paid $
750
million to redeem all $
750
million outstanding principal amount of our
2.25
% senior notes due May 2022, we paid $
800
million to redeem all $
800
million outstanding principal amount
99
Table of
Contents
of our
3.10
% senior notes due July 2022 and
we paid $
154
million to redeem all $
133
million outstanding principal amount of our subsidiary, Pepsi-Cola Metropolitan Bottling Company, Inc.’s
7.00
% senior notes due March 2029 and
5.50
% notes due May 2035.
Note 9 —
Financial Instruments
Derivatives and Hedging
We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in:
•
commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy;
•
foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and
•
interest rates.
In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. Ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives.
We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Our global purchasing programs include fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements.
Our hedging strategies include the use of derivatives and non-derivative debt instruments. Certain derivatives are designated as either cash flow, fair value or net investment hedges and qualify for hedge accounting treatment, while others do not qualify and are marked to market through earnings. The accounting for qualifying hedges allows changes in a hedging instrument’s fair value to offset corresponding changes in the hedged item in the same reporting