our joint venture partners that may have different interests than we do; and other unanticipated problems or liabilities, such as contingent liabilities and litigation. Strategic transactions that are not successfully completed or managed effectively, or our failure to effectively manage the risks associated with such transactions, have in the past and could continue to result in adverse effects on our business. In addition, failure to successfully complete or manage strategic transactions may impede our efforts to shift our portfolio to include new products that are less affected by the impact of ingredient-based taxes or other regulatory actions.
Our reliance on third-party service providers and enterprise-wide systems can have an adverse effect on our business.
We rely on third-party service providers, including software and cloud data service providers, for certain areas of our business, including procurement, supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, information technology support services and administrative functions (such as payroll processing, health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions). Failure by these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations to us, or our failure to adequately monitor their performance, has in the past and could continue to result in our inability to achieve the expected cost savings or efficiencies and result in additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved, such errors can also lead to business disruption, systems performance degradation, processing inefficiencies or other systems disruptions, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties,
19
Table of
Contents
remediation costs, damage to our reputation or have a negative impact on employee morale, all of which can adversely affect our business.
In addition, we continue on our multi-year phased business transformation initiative to migrate certain aspects of our systems, including our financial processing systems, to enterprise-wide systems solutions and have deployed these systems in certain countries and divisions. We have experienced and could continue to experience systems outages and operating inefficiencies following these planned implementations. In addition, if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, our business could be adversely affected.
Climate change or measures to address climate change and other sustainability matters can negatively affect our business or damage our reputation.
Climate change may increase the frequency or severity of natural disasters