with our key customers operating in traditional retail channels (many of whom are also focused on increasing their e-commerce sales). Our business can be adversely affected if e-commerce channels and hard discounters take significant additional market share away from traditional retailers or we fail to find ways to create increasingly better digital tools and capabilities for our retail customers to enable them to grow their businesses. In addition, our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to profitably expand our own direct-to-consumer e-commerce capabilities.
The retail industry is also impacted by the actions and increasing power of retailers, including as a result of increased consolidation of ownership resulting in large retailers or buying groups with increased purchasing power, particularly in North America, Europe and Latin America. In this changing retail landscape, retailers and buying groups have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to compete in these jurisdictions by demanding lower prices or increased promotional programs, removing our products or otherwise reducing shelf space allocated to our products and focusing on introducing and developing private-label brands. The increasing power of retailers and consolidation may also adversely impact our other customers’ ability to compete effectively in the market in which they operate, which may in turn affect orders of our products. Further, we must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers to compete effectively. Our inability to resolve a significant dispute with any of our key customers, a change in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of any of our key customers, even if unrelated to us, a significant reduction in sales to any key customer, or the loss of any of our key customers has adversely affected and c
an continue to adversely affect our business.
Disruption of our manufacturing operations or supply chain, including increased commodity, packaging, transportation, labor and other input costs, can adversely affect our business.
We have experienced and could continue to experience disruption in our manufacturing operations and supply chain. Many of the raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products are sourced from countries experiencing war and other military conflict, acts of terrorism, civil unrest, political instability or unfavorable economic conditions. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions also pose physical risks to our facilities and those of our suppliers, which could impair our production capabilities and disrupt our supply chain. Some raw materials and supplies, including packaging materials, are available only from a limited number of suppliers or from a sole supplier or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with suppliers or that our contingency plans will be