addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Definitions of key terms can be found in the glossary. Unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts reflect common stock per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded amounts. Percentage changes are based on unrounded amounts.
Discussion in this Form 10-K includes results of operations and financial condition for 2024 and 2023 and year-over-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023. For discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to 2022 and year-over-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022, please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023.
OUR BUSINESS
Executive Overview
PepsiCo is a leading global food and beverage company with a diverse and complementary portfolio of brands such as Lay’s, Doritos, Cheetos, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Mountain Dew, Quaker and SodaStream. We operate through various channels, including authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers, and other third parties, to produce, market, distribute, and sell a wide array of beverages and convenient foods. Our reach extends to customers and consumers in more than 200 countries and territories around the world.
As a global company with strong local connections, we faced many of the same challenges in 2024 as our consumers, customers, and competitors worldwide. These included ongoing supply chain disruptions, persistent inflationary pressures, evolving consumer preferences and behaviors, an intensely competitive business environment, the continued expansion of e-commerce in a rapidly changing retail landscape, ongoing macroeconomic and political volatility, and an increasingly complex regulatory environment.
In response to these challenges, we have continued to adapt and innovate, reinforcing our resilience and continued focus on growth. We are focused on improving our productivity, optimizing our operations and harnessing our scale and capabilities across our markets, and further elevating the needs, occasions, and channels of consumers in our strategies to lead and shape the future of our categories. This is underpinned by our pep+ (PepsiCo Positive) transformation, now in its fourth year.
A Strategy for the Future:
pep+ is our strategy to transform our company to create sustainable growth and value – today, tomorrow, and many years into the future. It is the way we are transforming our supply chain, evolving our portfolio, and making sure we have the right capabilities to support our people and our business throughout the world.
As a food and agricultural leader, we are working to help farmers adapt to climate change through investments in regenerative agriculture, training programs, and