our credit ratings, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, can increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all, result in a reduction in our liquidity, or impair our ability to access the commercial paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically (and therefore require us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing), all of which can adversely affect our financial performance.
Legal, Tax and Regulatory Risks
Taxes aimed at our products can adversely affect our business or financial performance.
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our beverage products as a result of ingredients contained in such products. These taxes vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some measures apply a single tax rate per ounce/liter on beverages containing over a certain amount of added sugar (or other sweetener), some apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the amount of added sugar (or other sweetener) in the beverage and others apply a flat tax rate on beverages containing any amount of added sugar (or other sweetener). For example, Italy enacted a flat tax on all non-alcoholic beverages, effective July 1, 2025, at a rate of 0.10 Euro (0.11 U.S. dollars) per liter for drinks with a sweetener content higher than 25g per liter. In addition, certain jurisdictions in which our snack products are sold, have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our snack products as a result of ingredients (such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat) contained in such products. These tax measures, whatever their scope or form, have in the past and could continue to increase the cost of certain of our products, reduce overall consumption of our products or lead to negative publicity, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
Limitations on the marketing or sale of our products can adversely affect our business and financial performance.
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, limitations on the marketing or sale of our products as a result of ingredients or substances in our products or product packaging. These limitations require that we highlight perceived concerns about a product or product packaging, warn consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in
22
Table of
Contents
our products, restrict the age of consumers to whom products are marketed or sold (including bans on advertising during children’s TV programs), limit the location in which our products