international franchise beverage businesses that were part of our LatAm, Europe, AMESA and APAC segments will be reported as International Beverages Franchise.
The company-owned bottling businesses operating internationally are all located within EMEA and will be reported in the newly created EMEA segment.
Our historical segment reporting will be recast beginning first quarter 2025 to reflect the new organizational structure.
Through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market, distribute and sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods, serving customers and consumers in more than
200
countries and territories with our largest operations in the United States, Mexico, Russia, Canada, China, the United Kingdom, South Africa and Brazil.
The accounting policies for the divisions are the same as those described in Note 2, except for the following allocation methodologies:
•
share-based compensation expense;
•
pension and retiree medical expense; and
•
derivatives.
68
Table of
Contents
Share-Based Compensation Expense
Our divisions are held accountable for share-based compensation expense and, therefore, this expense is allocated to our divisions as an incremental employee compensation cost. The expense allocated to our divisions excludes any impact of changes in our assumptions during the year which reflect market conditions over which division management has no control. Therefore, any variances between allocated expense and our actual expense are recognized in corporate unallocated expenses.
Pension and Retiree Medical Expense
Pension and retiree medical service costs measured at fixed discount rates are reflected in division results. The variance between the fixed discount rate used to determine the service cost reflected in division results and the discount rate as disclosed in Note 7 is reflected in corporate unallocated expenses.
Derivatives
We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our divisions. These commodity derivatives include agricultural products, metals, and energy. Commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting gains and losses recorded in corporate unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in division results when the divisions recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Therefore, the divisions realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility, which remains in corporate unallocated expenses. These derivatives hedge underlying commodity price risk and were not entered into for trading or speculative purposes.
Net Revenue, Significant Expenses and Operating Profit/(Loss) by Division
Our chief operating decision maker (CODM) is our Chairman and Chief Executive