offset by a 9-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation.
Convenient foods unit volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit growth in South Africa and double-digit growth in India, partially offset by double-digit declines in the Middle East and Pakistan.
Beverage unit volume grew 1%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in India, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in the Middle East, a mid-single-digit decline in Pakistan and a high-single-digit decline in Nigeria.
46
Table of
Contents
Operating profit decreased 1%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, a 33-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily packaging materials, potatoes and other ingredients, largely driven by transaction-related foreign exchange and an 8-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation. These impacts were partially offset by the net revenue growth and productivity savings.
APAC
Net revenue increased 1%, primarily reflecting organic volume growth, partially offset by a 2-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and unfavorable net pricing.
Convenient foods unit volume grew 4%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in Thailand and mid-single-digit growth in China. Additionally, Australia experienced mid-single-digit growth.
Beverage unit volume grew 1%, primarily reflecting high-single-digit growth in Vietnam, mid-single-digit growth in Thailand and low-single-digit growth in the Philippines, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in China.
Operating profit increased 14%, primarily reflecting productivity savings, the organic volume growth, a 9-percentage-point favorable impact of impairment charges related to the Be & Cheery brand in the prior year and a 5-percentage-point impact of lower commodity costs. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases and the unfavorable net pricing.
Non-GAAP Measures
Certain financial measures contained in this Form 10-K adjust for the impact of specified items and are not in accordance with GAAP. We use non-GAAP financial measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan, evaluation of our overall business performance and as a factor in determining compensation for certain employees. We believe presenting non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K provides additional information to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and trends in our underlying operating results and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe presenting these measures in this Form 10-K allows investors to view our performance using the same measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends.
We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that may be significant or that could affect