important factors to consider when evaluating our future performance.
PART I
Item 1.  Business.
When used in this report, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “PepsiCo” and the “Company” mean PepsiCo, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. Certain terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are defined in the Glossary included in Item 7. of this report.
Company Overview
We were incorporated in Delaware in 1919 and reincorporated in North Carolina in 1986. We are a leading global beverage and convenient food company with a complementary portfolio of brands, including Lay’s, Doritos, Cheetos, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Mountain Dew, Quaker and SodaStream. Through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market, distribute and sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods, serving customers and consumers in more than 200 countries and territories.
Our Operations
We are organized into seven reportable segments (also referred to as divisions), as follows:
1)
Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), which includes our branded convenient food businesses in the United States and Canada;
2)
Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), which includes our branded convenient food businesses, such as cereal, rice, pasta and other branded food, in the United States and Canada;
3)
PepsiCo Beverages North America (PBNA), which includes our beverage businesses in the United States and Canada;
4)
Latin America (LatAm), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Latin America;
5)
Europe, which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Europe;
2
Table of
Contents
6)
Africa, Middle East and South Asia (AMESA), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Africa, the Middle East and South Asia; and
7)
Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region (APAC), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand, and China region.
Frito-Lay North America
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, FLNA makes, markets, distributes and sells branded convenient foods. These foods include branded dips, Cheetos cheese-flavored snacks, Doritos tortilla chips, Fritos corn chips, Lay’s potato chips, Ruffles potato chips and Tostitos tortilla chips. FLNA’s branded products are sold to independent distributors and retailers. In December 2024, we acquired the Strauss Group’s 50% ownership in Sabra Dipping Company, LLC (Sabra) and Sabra became a wholly-owned subsidiary. Sabra makes, markets, distributes and sells Sabra refrigerated dips and spreads.
Quaker Foods North America
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, QFNA makes, markets, distributes and sells branded convenient foods, which include cereals, rice, pasta and other branded products. QFNA’s products include Cap’n Crunch cereal, Life cereal, Pearl Milling Company syrups and mixes, Quaker Chewy granola bars,