PepsiCo common stock which commenced on February 11, 2022 and will expire on February 28, 2026. In addition, on February 4, 2025, we announced a 5% increase in our annualized dividend to $5.69 per share from $5.42 per share, effective with the dividend expected to be paid in June 2025. We expect to return a total of approximately $8.6 billion to shareholders in 2025, comprising dividends of approximately $7.6 billion and share repurchases of approximately $1.0 billion.
35
Table of Contents
Free Cash Flow
The table below reconciles net cash used for operating activities, as reflected on our cash flow statement, to our free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on free cash flow, see “Non-GAAP Measures.”
We use free cash flow primarily for acquisitions and financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. We expect to continue to return free cash flow to our shareholders primarily through dividends while maintaining Tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global capital and credit markets at favorable interest rates. See “Our Business Risks” included in this Form 10-Q and “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Business Risks,” included in our 2024 Form 10-K, for certain factors that may impact our credit ratings or our operating cash flows.
Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, whether or not as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, and therefore require us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. See Note
8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and “Our Business Risks” included in this Form 10-Q, as well as “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Business Risks” included in our 2024 Form 10-K for further information.
Changes in Line Items in Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Changes in line items in the income statement are discussed in “Results of Operations – Consolidated Review,” “Results of Operations – Segment Review” and “Items Affecting Comparability.”
Changes in line items in the cash flow statement are discussed in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
Changes in line items in the balance sheet are discussed below:
Total Assets
Total assets were $101.7 billion as of March 22, 2025, compared to $99.5 billion as of