changes in the interest rate and inflationary cost environment have made such estimates and assumptions more difficult to calculate. As future events and their effect cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of each December, resulting in a 53
rd
reporting week every five or six years, including in our 2022 financial results. While our North America financial results are reported on a weekly calendar basis, our international operations are reported on a monthly calendar basis. The following chart details our quarterly reporting schedule:
Unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts reflect common per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded amounts. Certain reclassifications were made to the prior year’s consolidated financial statements to conform to the current year presentation.
67
Table of
Contents
Our Divisions
We are organized into
seven
reportable segments (also referred to as divisions), as follows:
1)
Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), which includes our branded convenient food businesses in the United States and Canada;
2)
Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), which includes our branded convenient food businesses, such as cereal, rice, pasta and other branded food, in the United States and Canada;
3)
PepsiCo Beverages North America (PBNA), which includes our beverage businesses in the United States and Canada;
4)
Latin America (LatAm), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Latin America;
5)
Europe, which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Europe;
6)
Africa, Middle East and South Asia (AMESA), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Africa, the Middle East and South Asia; and
7)
Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China region (APAC), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand, and China region.
Changes to Organizational Structure
The division amounts and discussions included in this Form 10-K reflect the reportable segments that existed through the end of 2024. Effective beginning with our first quarter of 2025, we realigned certain of our reportable segments to be consistent with certain changes to our organizational structure and how the Chief Executive Officer will monitor the performance of these segments.
In North America, the food businesses, FLNA and QFNA, will be reported together as PepsiCo Foods North America. These changes do not impact our PBNA segment.
Internationally, the foods businesses in LatAm, Europe, AMESA and APAC will be reorganized into three reportable segments: Latin America Foods, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Other International Foods. Other International Foods will include the foods businesses in APAC and India, currently part of AMESA.
Our