months.
Losses/(gains) recognized in the income statement related to our non-designated hedges are categorized as follows:
Note 10 —
Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo per Common Share
The computations of basic and diluted net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share are as follows:
(a)
Weighted-average common shares outstanding (in millions).
(b)
The dilutive effect of these securities is calculated using the treasury stock method.
The weighted-average amount of antidilutive securities excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common share was
4
million,
3
million and immaterial for the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively.
106
Table of
Contents
Note 11 —
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Attributable to PepsiCo
The changes in the balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to PepsiCo are as follows:
(a)
The movements primarily represent fair value changes in available-for-sale debt securities, including our investment in Celsius convertible preferred stock. See Note 9 for further information.
(b)
Pension and retiree medical amounts are net of taxes of $
1,283
million as of December 25, 2021, $
1,184
million as of December 31, 2022 and $
1,282
million as of both December 30, 2023 and December 28, 2024.
(c)
Currency translation adjustment primarily reflects depreciation of the Egyptian pound and British pound sterling.
(d)
Currency translation adjustment primarily reflects depreciation of the Russian ruble and South African rand, partially offset by appreciation of the Mexican peso.
(e)
Currency translation adjustment primarily reflects depreciation of the Mexican peso and Russian ruble.
107
Table of
Contents
The following table summarizes the reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to the income statement:
Note 12 —
Leases
Lessee
We determine whether an arrangement is a lease at inception. We have operating leases for plants, warehouses, distribution centers, storage facilities, offices and other facilities, as well as machinery and equipment, including fleet. Our leases generally have remaining lease terms of up to
20
years, some of which include options to extend the lease term for up to
five years
and some of which include options to terminate the lease within
one year
. We consider these options in determining the lease term used to establish our right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments.
We have lease agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components. For real estate leases, we account for lease components together with non-lease components (e.g., common-area maintenance).
108
Table of
Contents