same as or comparable to similar non-GAAP measures presented by other companies.
The following non-GAAP financial measures contained in this Form 10-Q are discussed below:
Organic revenue performance
We define organic revenue performance as a measure that adjusts for the impacts of foreign exchange translation (on a constant currency basis, as defined below), acquisitions and divestitures, and where applicable, the impact of the 53
rd
reporting week. Beginning with our first quarter of 2025, on a prospective basis, we are also applying the constant currency calculation for our subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies. We believe organic revenue performance provides useful information in evaluating the results of our business because it adjusts for items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year.
See “Net Revenue and Organic Revenue Performance” in “Results of Operations – Segment Review” for further information.
Cost of sales, gross profit, selling, general and administrative expenses, other pension and retiree medical benefits income, provision for income taxes and net income attributable to PepsiCo, each adjusted for items affecting comparability, operating profit and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted, each adjusted for items affecting comparability and the corresponding constant currency growth rates
These measures exclude the net impact of mark-to-market gains and losses on centrally managed commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting, restructuring and impairment charges related to our 2019 Productivity Plan, charges associated with our acquisitions and divestitures and product recall-related impact (see “Items Affecting Comparability” for a detailed description of each of these items). We also evaluate performance on operating profit and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted, each adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis, which measure our financial results assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. In order to compute our constant currency results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current-year U.S. dollar results by the current-year average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as appropriate, those amounts by the prior-year average foreign exchange rates. In addition, beginning with our first quarter of 2025, on a prospective basis, we are also applying the constant currency calculation for our subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies. We believe these measures provide useful information in evaluating the results of our business because they exclude items that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year.
Free cash flow
We define free cash flow as