in selling, general and
74
Table of
Contents
administrative expenses. Merchandising activities are immaterial in the context of our contracts. In addition, we exclude from net revenue all sales, use, value-added and certain excise taxes assessed by government authorities on revenue producing transactions.
The transfer of control of products to our customers is typically based on written sales terms that generally do not allow for a right of return, except in the instance of a product recall or other limited circumstances that may allow for product returns. Our policy for DSD, including certain chilled products, is to remove and replace damaged and out-of-date products from store shelves to ensure that consumers receive the product quality and freshness they expect. Similarly, our policy for certain warehouse-distributed products is to replace damaged and out-of-date products. As a result, we record reserves, based on estimates, for product recall, anticipated damaged and out-of-date produc
ts.
Our products are sold for cash or on credit terms. Our credit terms, which are established in accordance with local and industry practices, typically require payment within
30
days of delivery in the United States, and generally within
30
to
90
days internationally, and may allow discounts for early payment.
We estimate and reserve for our expected credit loss exposure based on our experience with past due accounts and collectibility, write-off history, the aging of accounts receivable, our analysis of customer data, and forward-looking information (including the expected impact of a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment), leveraging estimates of creditworthiness and projections of default and recovery rates for certain of our customers.
We are exposed to concentration of credit risk from our major customers, including Walmart. We have not experienced credit issues with these customers. In 2024, sales to Walmart and its affiliates (including Sam’s) represented approximately
14
% of our consolidated net revenue, including concentrate sales to our independent bottlers, which were used in finished goods sold by them to Walmart.
Total Marketplace Spending
We offer sales incentives and discounts through various programs to customers and consumers. Total marketplace spending includes sales incentives, discounts, advertising and other marketing activities. Sales incentives and discounts are primarily accounted for as a reduction of revenue and include payments to customers for performing activities on our behalf, such as payments for in-store displays, payments to gain distribution of new products, payments for shelf space and discounts to promote lower retail prices. Sales incentives and discounts also include support provided to our independent bottlers through funding of advertising and other marketing activities.
A number of our sales incentives, such as bottler funding to independent bottlers and customer volume rebates, are based on annual