ratings; imposition or proposed imposition of new or increased taxes aimed at PepsiCo’s products; imposition of limitations on the marketing or sale of PepsiCo’s products; changes in laws and regulations related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials; failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws; increase in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities; failure to adequately protect PepsiCo’s intellectual property rights or infringement on intellectual property rights of others; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; potential liabilities and costs from litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations; and other risks and uncertainties including those described in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
–
Our Business Risks,” included in our 2024 Form 10-K and in “Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
–
Our Business Risks” of this Form 10-Q. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Risks Associated with Commodities and Our Supply Chain
Many of the commodities used in the production and transportation of our products are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. A number of external factors, including volatile geopolitical conditions, the inflationary cost environment, import/export restrictions and tariffs, adverse weather conditions and supply chain disruptions, have impacted and may continue to impact commodity, transportation and labor
24
Table of Contents
costs. When prices increase, we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers, which may result in reduced volume, revenue, margins and operating results.
See Note
9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2024 Form 10-K for further information on how we manage our exposure to commodity prices.
Risks Associated with Climate Change
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of climate change, including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and potential carbon pricing programs. These new or increased legal or regulatory requirements, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, could result in