expected to consist of approximately
55
% of severance and other employee-related costs,
10
% for asset impairments (all non-cash) resulting from plant closures and related actions, and
35
% for other costs associated with the implementation of our initiatives.
The total plan pre-tax charges are expected to be incurred by segment approximately as follows:
A summary of our 2019 Productivity Plan charges is as follows:
12
Table of Contents
Severance
and other employee costs primarily include severance and other termination benefits, as well as voluntary separation arrangements. Other costs primarily include costs associated with the implementation of our initiatives, including contract termination costs, consulting and other professional fees.
A summary of our 2019 Productivity Plan activity for the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 is as follows:
(a)
Excludes cash expenditures of $
1
million reported in the cash flow statement in pension and retiree medical contributions.
Substantially all of the restructuring accrual at March 22, 2025 is expected to be paid within a year.
Other Productivity Initiatives
There were
no
material charges related to other productivity and efficiency initiatives outside the scope of the 2019 Productivity Plan.
We regularly evaluate different productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plan and other initiatives described above.
Note 4 -
Intangible Assets
A summary of our amortizable intangible assets is as follows:
13
Table of Contents
The components of indefinite-lived intangible assets are as follows:
(a)
Increase is primarily related to the acquisition of Garza Food Ventures LLC (Siete). See Note 12 for further information.
The change in the book value of goodwill is as follows:
(a)
Related to the acquisition of Siete. See Note 12 for further information.
Note 5 -
Income Taxes
Numerous countries, including European Union member states, have enacted, or are expected to enact, legislation incorporating the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) model rules for a global minimum tax rate of
15
%. Widespread implementation is expected by the end of 2025, with certain countries that have not yet enacted potentially applying the legislation as of a retroactive date. Legislation enacted as of March 22, 2025 did not have a material impact on our financial statements for the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 and is not expected to have a material impact on our 2025 financial statements.
Note 6 -
Share-Based Compensation
The following table summarizes our total share-based compensation expense, which is primarily recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses:
14
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes share-based awards granted under the terms of the PepsiCo, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan:
(a)
In millions. All grant activity is disclosed at target.
We granted long-term cash awards to certain executive officers and other senior executives with an aggregate target value of $
22
million and