assets annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. In addition, amortizable intangible assets, equity method investments, equity investments without readily determinable fair values, investments in available-for-sale debt securities, property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating or macroeconomic environment. Our equity method investees also perform similar impairment tests and we record our proportionate share of impairment charges recorded by them, adjusted for the impact of items such as basis differences and deferred taxes, as appropriate. A deterioration in our underlying assumptions, or those of our equity method investees, regarding the impact of competitive operating conditions, geopolitical conditions (including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East), macroeconomic conditions, including the interest rate environment, or other factors used to estimate the future performance of any of our reporting units or assets, including any deterioration in the weighted-average cost of capital based on market data available at the time, as well as our ability to hold the investment until recovery of fair value to amortized cost for available-for-sale debt securities, have resulted and could in the future result in an impairment charge (including the impairments of our investment in TBG), thereby adversely affecting our results of operations.
21
Table of
Contents
Fluctuations in exchange rates impact our financial performance.
Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, the financial statements of our subsidiaries outside the United States, where the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are translated into U.S. dollars. Given our global operations, we also pay for the ingredients, raw materials and commodities used in our business in numerous currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates, including as a result of inflation, central bank monetary policies, currency controls or other currency exchange restrictions or geopolitical instability have had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our financial performance.
Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets can be adversely affected by a downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings.
Rating agencies routinely evaluate us and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our cash generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to shareholder distributions and our financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as the state of the economy and our industry. We expect to maintain Tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global credit markets at favorable interest rates. Any downgrade or announcement that we are under review for a potential downgrade of