effective controls over our financial reporting. These business process changes have not materially affected, and we do not expect them to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Except with respect to the continued implementation of ERP systems, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We will continue to assess the impact on our internal control over financial reporting as we continue to implement our ERP solution and our 2019 multi-year productivity plan.
39
Table of Contents
PART II OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings.
The following information should be read in conjunction with the discussion set forth under Part I, “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” in our 2024 Form 10-K.
As previously disclosed, on October 29, 2024, County Counsel for the County of Los Angeles, on behalf of the people of the State of California, filed a lawsuit against PepsiCo, Inc., Pepsi Bottling Ventures LLC, and two other unrelated parties asserting claims for public nuisance and deceptive acts or practices in the conduct of business allegedly resulting in plastic pollution in Los Angeles (the Los Angeles Matter). This lawsuit was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for Los Angeles County. On December 2, 2024, the defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the Central District of California. On March 13, 2025, the defendants withdrew their notice of removal and opposition to the plaintiffs’ motion to remand, and the case was reopened in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, where the matter is currently pending. The lawsuit does not specify the amount of damages sought and we believe we have strong defenses to each of these claims.
In addition, we and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations. While the results of the Baltimore Matter and the NYS Matter (each, as defined in our 2024 Form 10-K), the Los Angeles Matter and each such other litigation, claim, legal or regulatory proceeding, inquiry and investigation cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final outcome of the foregoing is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. See also “Item 1. Business – Regulatory Matters” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our 2024 Form 10-K.
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors.
There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our 2024 Form 10-K.
ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.
A summary of our common stock repurchases (in millions, except average price per share) during the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 is set forth in the table below.
Issuer Purchases of