which include certain merchandising activities, are reported as selling, general and administrative expenses. Shipping and handling expenses were $
16.0
billion in 2024, $
15.4
billion in 2023 and $
15.0
billion in 2022.
Software Costs
We capitalize certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is completed and it is probable that the software will be used as intended. Capitalized software costs include (1) external direct costs of materials and services utilized in developing or obtaining computer software, (2) compensation and related benefits for employees who are directly associated with the software projects and (3) interest costs incurred while developing internal-use computer software. Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment on our balance sheet and amortized on a straight-line basis when placed into service over the estimated useful lives of the software, which approximate
five
to
10
years. Software amortization totaled $
199
million in 2024, $
159
million in 2023 and $
123
million in 2022. Net capitalized software and development costs were $
1.5
billion and $
1.4
billion as of December 28, 2024
and
December 30, 2023, respectively.
Commitments and Contingencies
We are subject to various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, certain taxes and environmental matters, as well as commitments under contractual and other commercial obligations. We recognize liabilities for contingencies and commitments when a loss is probable and estimable.
Research and Development
We engage in a variety of research and development activities and continue to invest to accelerate growth and to drive innovation globally. Consumer research is excluded from research and development costs and included in other marketing costs. Research and development costs were $
813
million, $
804
million and
76
Table of
Contents
$
771
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are reported within selling, general and administrative expenses.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized and, as a result, are assessed for impairment at least annually, using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. We perform this annual assessment during our third quarter, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Where we use the qualitative assessment, first we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Factors considered include macroeconomic conditions (including those related to volatile geopolitical conditions and a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment), industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant changes in the brand or reporting unit. If the