reduce risk and volatility associated with our pension and retiree medical plans.
Plan Assets
Our pension plan investment strategy includes the use of actively managed accounts and is reviewed periodically in conjunction with plan obligations, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk and cash requirements for benefit payments. This strategy is also applicable to funds held for the retiree medical plans. Our investment objective includes ensuring that funds are available to meet the plans’ benefit obligations when they become due. Assets contributed to our pension plans are no longer controlled by us, but become the property of our individual pension plans. However, we are indirectly impacted by changes in these plan assets as compared to changes in our projected obligations. Our overall investment policy is to prudently invest plan assets in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and high-quality debt securities and real estate to achieve our long-term return expectations. Our investment policy also permits the use of derivative instruments, such as futures and forward contracts, to reduce interest rate and foreign currency risks. Futures contracts represent commitments to purchase or sell securities at a future date and at a specified price. Forward contracts consist of currency forwards. We also participate in securities lending programs to generate additional income by loaning plan assets to borrowers on a fully collateralized basis, including both cash and non-cash collaterals.
For 2025 and 2024, our expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets is
7.5
% and
7.4
%, respectively. Our target investment allocations for U.S. plan assets are as follows:
Actual investment allocations may vary from our target investment allocations due to prevailing market conditions. We regularly review our actual investment allocations and periodically rebalance our investments.
The expected return on plan assets is based on our investment strategy and our expectations for long-term rates of return by asset class, taking into account volatility and correlation among asset classes and our historical experience. We also review current levels of interest rates and inflation to assess the reasonableness of the long-term rates. We evaluate our expected return assumptions annually to ensure
96
Table of
Contents
that they are reasonable. To calculate the expected return on plan assets, our market-related value of assets for fixed income is the actual fair value. For all other asset categories, such as equity securities, we use a method that recognizes investment gains or losses (the difference between the expected and actual return based on the market-related value of assets) over a
five-year
period. This has the effect of reducing year-to-year volatility.
Plan assets measured at fair value as of year-end 2024 and 2023 are categorized consistently by Level 1 (quoted prices in active markets for identical assets), Level 2 (significant other