profit increased 2%, primarily reflecting a favorable impact of the prior-year charges associated with the Quaker Recall, productivity savings and a 5-percentage-point impact of gains associated with sales of certain assets. These impacts were partially offset by the net revenue decrease and certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives.
PBNA
Net revenue increased slightly, primarily driven by effective net pricing, partially offset by an organic volume decline.
Unit volume declined 3%, driven by a 6% decline in non-carbonated beverage volume and a 1% decline in carbonated soft drink volume.
Operating profit decreased 10%, primarily driven by certain operating cost increases, higher restructuring costs, the decline in organic volume and a 4.5-percentage-point impact of an unfavorable settlement related to certain prior-year compensation accruals. These impacts were partially offset by the effective net pricing, productivity savings and lower advertising and marketing expenses.
IB Franchise
Net revenue increased 3%, primarily reflecting organic volume growth and effective net pricing, partially offset by a 5-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation.
Unit volume grew 3%, primarily reflecting growth in India, China, the Middle East and Mexico.
Operating profit increased 6%, primarily reflecting the net revenue growth, partially offset by a 5-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation.
EMEA
Net revenue decreased 2%, primarily reflecting a 9-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and an organic volume decline, partially offset by effective net pricing, part of which is from subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies.
Convenient foods unit volume declined 9%, primarily reflecting declines in South Africa and the Middle East.
Beverage unit volume declined 4%, primarily reflecting a decline in the Middle East.
30
Table of Contents
Operating profit increased 3%, primarily reflecting the effective net pricing and productivity savings. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 42-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily dairy, packaging materials and potatoes, largely driven by transaction-related foreign exchange, a 12-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation, higher advertising and marketing expenses and a 5-percentage-point unfavorable impact of a legal contingency.
LatAm Foods
Net revenue decreased 12%, primarily reflecting a 15-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation, driven primarily by the weakening of the Mexican peso, and an organic volume decline, partially offset by effective net pricing.
Unit volume declined 0.5%, primarily reflecting a decline in Mexico, partially offset by growth in Brazil.
Operating profit decreased 18%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, a 16-percentage-point impact of unfavorable