statements for further discussion of the TCJ Act.
Supply chain financing arrangements did not have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources in the periods presented and we do not expect such arrangements to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources for the foreseeable future. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of supply chain financing arrangements.
Furthermore, our cash provided from operating activities is somewhat impacted by seasonality. Working capital needs are impacted by weekly sales, which are generally highest in the third quarter due to seasonal and holiday-related patterns and generally lowest in the first quarter. On a continuing basis, we consider various transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, dividends, share repurchases, productivity and other efficiency initiatives and other structural changes. These transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments.
52
Table of
Contents
The table below summarizes our cash activity:
Operating Activities
In 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was $12.5 billion, compared to $13.4 billion in the prior year. The decrease in operating cash flow primarily reflects unfavorable working capital comparisons.
Investing Activities
In 2024, net cash used for investing activities was $5.5 billion, primarily reflecting net capital spending of $5.0 billion.
In 2023, net cash used for investing activities was $5.5 billion, primarily reflecting net capital spending of $5.3 billion.
See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of capital spending by division and see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our acquisitions.
We regularly review our plans with respect to net capital spending and believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our net capital spending needs.
Financing Activities
In 2024, net cash used for financing activities was $7.6 billion, primarily reflecting the return of operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $8.2 billion, as well as payments of long-term debt borrowings of $3.9 billion, partially offset by proceeds from the issuances of long-term debt of $4.0 billion.
In 2023, net cash used for financing activities was $3.0 billion, primarily reflecting the return of operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $7.7 billion, as well as payments of long-term debt borrowings of $3.0 billion, partially offset by proceeds from issuances of long-term debt of $5.5 billion and net proceeds from short-term borrowings of $2.3 billion.
See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of debt obligations.
We annually review our capital structure with our Board, including our dividend policy and share repurchase activity. On February