certain states in the United States, among other jurisdictions, have imposed a minimum recycled content requirement for beverage bottle packaging and similar legislation is under consideration in other jurisdictions. These laws and regulations have in the past increased and could continue to increase the cost of our products, impact demand for our products, result in negative publicity and require us and our business partners, including our independent bottlers, to increase capital expenditures to invest in reducing the amount of virgin plastic or other materials used in our packaging, to develop alternative packaging or to revise product labeling, all of which can adversely affect our business and financial performance.
Failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws can adversely affect our business.
We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding personal data protection and privacy laws. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country or, within the United States, from state to state, and can create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Our efforts to comply with these laws and regulations, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, as well as similar legislation enacted in other states, as well as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation (which implements the
23
Table of
Contents
GDPR into U.K. law), China’s Personal Information Protection Act and similar regulations implemented in other non-U.S. jurisdictions, impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to continue to increase over time, particularly as additional jurisdictions continue to adopt similar regulations and we continue to expand our direct-to-consumer operations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or to otherwise protect personal data from unauthorized access, use or other processing, have in the past and could in the future result in litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, damage to our reputation, fines or penalties, all of which can adversely affect our business.
Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities can adversely affect our financial performance.
Increases in income tax rates or other changes in tax laws, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, can adversely affect our financial performance. For example, economic and political conditions in countries where we are subject to taxes, including the United States, have in the past and could continue to result in significant changes in tax legislation or regulation. For example, numerous countries have agreed to a statement in support of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development model (OECD) rules