Security Officer, to gather insights for identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity threat risks, their severity, and potential mitigations.
We assess PepsiCo’s Information Security program using an industry-leading cybersecurity framework from the National Institute of Standards and Technology. To help assess and identify our cybersecurity risks, we maintain internal resources to perform penetration testing designed to simulate evolving tactics and techniques of real-world threat actors, engage with industry partners and law enforcement and intelligence communities and conduct tabletop exercises and periodic risk interviews across our business.
We also engage an independent third party
to perform internal and external penetration testing of PepsiCo’s environment periodically and engage other third parties to periodically conduct assessments of our cybersecurity capabilities. In addition, we continue to expand training and awareness practices to mitigate human risk, including mandatory computer-based training, internal communications, and regular phishing awareness campaigns that are designed to emulate real-world contemporary threats and provide immediate feedback (and, if necessary, additional training or remedial action) to employees.
Our processes also address cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers including suppliers, software and cloud-based service providers.
We proactively evaluate the cybersecurity risk of a third party
by utilizing a repository of risk assessments, external monitoring sources, threat intelligence and predictive analytics to better inform PepsiCo during contracting and vendor selection processes. Additionally, we require those third parties to agree by contract to implement appropriate security controls. Security issues are documented and tracked and periodic monitoring is conducted for third parties in order to mitigate risk.
In addition to the processes, technologies, and controls that we have in place to reduce the likelihood of a successful material cyberattack, the Company has established well-defined response procedures to address cyber events that do occur. The program provides for the coordination of various corporate functions and governance groups and serves as a framework for the execution of responsibilities across businesses and operational roles. Our incident response plan coordinates the activities we take to prepare for, detect, respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents, which include processes to triage, assess severity for, escalate, contain, investigate, and remediate the incident, as well as to assess for potential disclosure, comply with potentially applicable legal obligations and mitigate brand and reputational damage. We also maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to address costs associated with certain aspects of cyber incidents and information systems failures.
Based on the information we have as