procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the unrecognized tax benefits process, including controls to (1) identify uncertain income tax positions, (2) evaluate the tax law and tax authority’s settlement history used to estimate the unrecognized tax benefits, and (3) monitor for new information that may give rise to changes to the existing unrecognized tax benefits, such as progress of a tax examination, new tax law or tax authority
116
Table of
Contents
settlements. We involved tax and valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in assessing the unrecognized tax benefits by (1) evaluating the Company’s tax structure and transactions, including transfer pricing arrangements, and (2) assessing the Company’s interpretation of existing tax law as well as new and amended tax laws, tax positions taken, associated external counsel opinions, information from tax examinations, relevant court rulings and tax authority settlements.
/s/
KPMG LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1990.
New York, New York
February 3, 2025
117
Table of
Contents
GLOSSARY
Acquisitions and divestitures
: mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees.
Bottler Case Sales (BCS)
: measure of physical beverage volume shipped to retailers and independent distributors from both PepsiCo and our independent bottlers.
Bottler funding
: financial incentives we give to our independent bottlers to assist in the distribution and promotion of our beverage products.
Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM)
: our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Concentrate Shipments and Equivalents (CSE)
: measure of our physical beverage volume shipments to independent bottlers.
Constant currency
: financial results assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. In order to compute our constant currency results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current year U.S. dollar results by the current year average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as appropriate, those amounts by the prior year average foreign exchange rates.
Consumers
: people who eat and drink our products.
CSD
: carbonated soft drinks.
Customers
: authorized independent bottlers, distributors and retailers.
Direct-Store-Delivery (DSD)
: delivery system used by us, our independent bottlers and our distributors to deliver beverages and convenient foods directly to retail stores where our products are merchandised.
Effective net pricing
: reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different