we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. A number of external factors, including volatile geopolitical conditions, the inflationary cost environment, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, have impacted and may continue to impact transportation and labor costs. When prices increase, we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers, which may result in reduced volume, revenue, margins and operating results.
See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on how we manage our exposure to commodity prices.
Risks Associated with Climate Change
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of climate change, including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and potential carbon pricing programs. These new or increased legal or regulatory requirements, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, could result in significant increased costs and additional investments in facilities and equipment. However, we are unable to predict the scope, nature and timing of any new or increased environmental laws and regulations and therefore cannot predict the ultimate impact of such laws and regulations on our business or financial results. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such laws or regulations.
Risks Associated with International Operations
We are subject to risks in the normal course of business that are inherent to international operations. During the periods presented in this report, volatile economic, political, social and geopolitical conditions, civil unrest and wars and other military conflicts, acts of terrorism and natural disasters and other catastrophic events in certain markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in Argentina, Brazil, China, Mexico, the Middle East, Pakistan, Russia, Turkey and Ukraine, continue to result in challenging operating environments and have resulted in and could continue to result in changes in how we operate in certain of these markets. Debt and credit issues, currency controls or fluctuations in certain of these international markets (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from certain markets), as well as the threat or imposition of new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs (including recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on China, Canada and Mexico and other countries and any retaliatory actions taken by