significant increased costs and additional investments in facilities and equipment. However, we are unable to predict the scope, nature and timing of any new or increased environmental laws and regulations and therefore cannot predict the ultimate impact of such laws and regulations on our business or financial results. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such laws or regulations.
Risks Associated with International Operations
In the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025, our financial results outside of North America reflect the months of January and February. In the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025, our operations outside of the United States generated 37% of our consolidated net revenue, with Mexico, Canada, China, Russia, the United Kingdom, Brazil and South Africa comprising approximately 22% of our consolidated net revenue. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk in the international markets in whi
ch our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. In the
12 weeks ended March 22, 2025,
unfavorable
foreign exchange
reduced
net revenue performance by 3 percentage points primarily driven by
declines
in the Mexican peso and Egyptian pound.
Currency declines against the U.S. dollar which are not offset could adversely impact our future financial results.
In addition, volatile economic, political, social and geopolitical conditions, civil unrest and wars and other military conflicts, acts of terrorism and natural disasters and other catastrophic events in certain markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in Argentina, Brazil, China, Mexico, the Middle East (including Egypt), Pakistan, Russia, Turkey and Ukraine, continue to result in challenging operating environments and have resulted in and could continue to result in changes in how we operate in certain of these markets. Debt and credit issues, currency controls or fluctuations, sanctions and export controls in certain of these international markets (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from certain markets) have also continued to impact our operations in certain of these international markets.  We continue to closely monitor the economic, operating and political environment in the markets in which we operate, including risks of additional impairments or write-offs and currency fluctuation, and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our operations in Russia accounted for 3% of our consolidated net revenue during the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025. Russia accounted for 4% of our consolidated assets, including 13% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, and 38% of our accumulated currency translation adjustment loss as of March 22, 2025.
25
Table of Contents