intangible assets of approximately $
1.2
billion. These preliminary estimates include management’s assumptions and are subject to revision, which may result in adjustments to the preliminary values discussed above as valuations are finalized. We expect to finalize these amounts as soon as possible, but no later than the first quarter of 2026.
Acquisition of VNGR Beverage, LLC, doing business as poppi (poppi)
On March 16, 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all of the outstanding equity interest in poppi, a prebiotic soda brand, for $
1.95
billion in cash as well as contingent consideration and other payments subject to the achievement of certain performance milestones within a specified period after closing of the transaction. The purchase price will be adjusted for net working capital and net debt amounts as of the acquisition date. The transaction is subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions and will be recorded in our PBNA segment. Closing is expected within the next six months.
Acquisition and Divestiture-Related Charges
Acquisition and divestiture-related charges primarily include transaction expenses, such as consulting, advisory and other professional fees, and merger and integration charges. Merger and integration charges include employee-related costs, closing costs and other integration costs.
A summary of our acquisition and divestiture-related charges is as follows:
(a)
Recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses.
Note 13 -
Supply Chain Financing Arrangements
We maintain voluntary supply chain finance agreements with several participating global financial institutions. Under these agreements, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, may elect to sell their accounts receivable with PepsiCo to these participating global financial institutions. As of March 22, 2025 and December 28, 2024, $
1.4
billion and $
1.5
billion, respectively, of our accounts payable are to suppliers participating in these financing arrangements. For further information on the key terms of these supply chain financing programs, see Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Note 14 -
Legal Contingencies
The Company is party to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations. While the results of such litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final outcome of the foregoing is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
22
Table of Contents
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our