of the date of this Form 10-K, we do not believe any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially
26
Table of
Contents
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for further information about these risks.
Cybersecurity Governance
Cybersecurity is an important part of our risk management processes and an area of focus for our Board and management.
Given that cybersecurity risks can impact various areas of responsibility of the Committees of the Board, the Board believes it is useful and effective for the full Board to maintain direct oversight over cybersecurity matters. In 2021, the Board amended our Corporate Governance Guidelines to specifically mention cybersecurity as an area of Board oversight to reflect this existing practice.
The Board
receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management, including from the Company’s Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer and the Company’s Chief Information Security Officer, regarding cybersecurity governance processes, the status of projects to strengthen internal cybersecurity, results from third-party assessments, and also discusses any significant cyber incidents, including recent incidents at other companies and the emerging threat landscape.
Our cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes, which are discussed in greater detail above, are led by the
Company’s Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer and the Company’s Chief Information Security Officer.
Such individuals have significant prior work experience in various roles across multiple industries involving managing information security, developing cybersecurity strategy, implementing effective information and cybersecurity programs and managing compliance environments.
These members of management are informed about and monitor the prevention, mitigation, detection, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described above, including the operation of our incident response plan.
27
Table of
Contents
Item 2.  Properties.
Our principal executive office located in Purchase, New York and our facilities located in Plano, Texas, all of which we own, are our most significant corporate properties.
In connection with making, marketing, distributing and selling our products, each division utilizes manufacturing, processing, bottling and production plants, warehouses, distribution centers, storage facilities, offices, including division headquarters, research and development facilities and other facilities, all of which are either owned or leased.
Significant properties by division are as follows:
(a)
The land on which these properties are located is leased.
Most of our plants are owned or leased on a long-term basis. In addition to