merchandising activities, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
While our financial results in the United States and Canada (North America) are reported on a 12-week basis, all of our international operations are reported on a monthly calendar basis for which the months of January and February are reflected in our results for the 12 weeks ended
March 22, 2025 and March 23, 2024.
The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Additionally, the business and economic uncertainty resulting from volatile geopolitical conditions, expanded or retaliatory tariffs and changes in the interest rate and inflationary cost environment have made such estimates and assumptions more difficult to calculate. Accordingly, actual results and outcomes could differ from those estimates.
Our significant interim accounting policies include the recognition of a pro rata share of certain estimated annual sales incentives and certain advertising and marketing costs in proportion to revenue or volume, as applicable, and the recognition of income taxes using an estimated annual effective tax rate.
Unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts reflect common per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded amounts. Certain reclassifications were made to the prior year’s financial statements to conform to the current year presentation.
8
Table of Contents
Our Segments
As previously disclosed in our 2024 Form 10-K, effective beginning with our first quarter of 2025, we realigned certain of our reportable segments to conform with changes to our organizational structure and how our Chief Executive Officer regularly reviews the performance of, and allocates resources to, these segments. Our historical segment reporting has been recast to reflect our current organizational structure.
We are organized into
six
reportable segments, as follows:
1)
PepsiCo Foods North America (PFNA), which includes all of our convenient food businesses in the United States and Canada;
2)
PepsiCo Beverages North America (PBNA), which includes all of our beverage businesses in the United States and Canada;
3)
International Beverages Franchise (IB Franchise), which includes our international franchise beverage businesses, as well as our SodaStream business;
4)
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), which includes our convenient food businesses and beverage businesses with company-owned bottlers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa;
5)
Latin America Foods (LatAm Foods), which includes all of our convenient food businesses in Latin America; and
6)
Asia Pacific Foods (previously referred to as Other International Foods), which consists of our convenient food businesses in Asia Pacific, primarily China,