Australia and New Zealand, as well as India.
Net Revenue, Significant Expenses and Operating Profit by Segment
9
Table of Contents
(a)
Does not include items recorded in the cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses lines on our income statement that are presented in the restructuring and impairment charges, acquisition and divestiture-related charges and product recall-related impact lines of these tables.
(b)
See Note 3 for further information related to restructuring and impairment charges.
(c)
See Note 12 for further information related to acquisitions and divestiture-related charges.
(d)
In the 12 weeks ended March 23, 2024, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $
167
million ($
128
million after-tax or $
0.09
per share) in cost of sales for property, plant and equipment write-offs, employee severance costs and other costs associated with a previously announced voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals in our PFNA segment (Quaker Recall).
Disaggregation of Net Revenue
Our primary performance obligation is the distribution and sales of beverage and convenient food products to our customers. The following table reflects the percentage of net revenue generated between our beverage business and our convenient food business:
(a)
Beverage revenue from company-owned bottlers, which primarily includes our consolidated bottling operations in our PBNA and EMEA segments, was
36
% and
35
% of our consolidated net revenue in the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 and March 23, 2024, respectively. Generally, our finished goods beverage operations produce higher net revenue but lower operating margins as compared to concentrate sold to authorized bottling partners for the manufacture of finished goods beverages.
(b)
Beverage and convenient foods revenue generated from our EMEA segment was
34
% and
66
% of EMEA net revenue, respectively, in the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 and
33
% and
67
% of EMEA net revenue, respectively, in the 12 weeks ended March 23, 2024.
10
Table of Contents
Other Segment Information
Capital spending, amortization of intangible assets, and depreciation and other amortization of each segment are as follows:
(a)
Asset and other balance sheet information for segments is not provided to our chief operating decision maker.
Note 2 -
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Not Yet Adopted
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance to improve the disclosure of expenses in commonly presented expense captions. The new guidance requires a public entity to provide tabular disclosure, on an annual and interim basis, of amounts for the following expense categories: (1) purchases of inventory, (2) employee compensation, (3) depreciation and (4) intangible asset amortization, as included in each relevant expense caption. A relevant expense caption is an expense caption presented on the face of the income statement that contains any of the expense categories noted. Additionally, on an annual and