targets, and accruals are established during the year, as products are delivered, for the expected payout, which may occur after year-end once reconciled and settled. These accruals are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require management judgment with respect to estimating customer and consumer participation and performance levels. Differences between estimated expense and actual incentive costs are normally insignificant and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined. In addition, certain advertising and marketing costs are also based on annual targets and recognized during the year as incurred.
The terms of most of our incentive arrangements do not exceed one year and, therefore, do not require highly uncertain long-term estimates. Certain arrangements, such as fountain pouring rights, may extend beyond one year. Upfront payments to customers under these arrangements are recognized over the shorter of the economic or contractual life, primarily as a reduction of revenue, and the remaining balances of $
237
million as of December 28, 2024 and $
228
million as of December 30, 2023 are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our
balance sheet.
75
Table of
Contents
For interim reporting, our policy is to allocate our forecasted full-year sales incentives for most of our programs to each of our interim reporting periods in the same year that benefits from the programs. The allocation methodology is based on our forecasted sales incentives for the full year and the proportion of each interim period’s actual gross revenue or volume, as applicable, to our forecasted annual gross revenue or volume, as applicable. Based on our review of the forecasts at each interim period, any changes in estimates and the related allocation of sales incentives are recognized beginning in the interim period that they are identified. In addition, we apply a similar allocation methodology for interim reporting purposes for certain advertising and other marketing activities. Our annual consolidated financial statements are not impacted by this interim allocation methodology.
Advertising and other marketing activities, reported as selling, general and administrative expenses, totaled $
5.9
billion in 2024, $
5.7
billion in 2023 and $
5.2
billion in 2022, including advertising expenses of $
3.9
billion in 2024, $
3.8
billion in 2023 and $
3.5
billion in 2022. Deferred advertising costs are not expensed until the year first used and consist of:
•
media and personal service prepayments;
•
promotional materials in inventory; and
•
production costs of future media advertising.
Deferred advertising costs of $
58
million and $
67
million as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively, are classified as prepaid expenses and other current assets on our balance sheet.
Distribution Costs
Distribution costs, including the costs of shipping and handling activities,