cash. The purchase price will be adjusted for net working capital and net debt amounts as of the acquisition date.
We will account for the transaction as a business combination in the first quarter of 2025. We will recognize and measure the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in Siete as of the acquisition date, which primarily include goodwill and other intangible assets, will be based on preliminary estimates that are subject to revisions and may result in adjustments to the preliminary values as valuations are finalized. We expect to finalize these amounts as soon as possible, but no later than the first quarter of 2026.
Juice Transaction
In the first quarter of 2022, we sold our Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands to PAI Partners for approximately $
3.5
billion in cash, subject to purchase price adjustments, and a
39
% noncontrolling interest in TBG, operating across North America and Europe. The North America portion of the transaction was completed on January 24, 2022 and the Europe portion of the transaction was completed on February 1, 2022. In the United States, PepsiCo acts as the exclusive distributor for TBG’s portfolio of brands for small-format and foodservice customers with chilled DSD. We have significant influence over our investment in TBG and account for our investment under the equity method, recognizing our proportionate share of TBG’s earnings on our income statement (recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses).
As a result of this transaction, in the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain in our PBNA and Europe divisions (see detailed income statement activity below), including $
520
million related to the remeasurement of our
39
% ownership in TBG at fair value using a combination of the transaction price, discounted cash flo
ws and an option pricing model related to our liquidation preference in TBG
. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we reached an agreement on final purchase price adjustments for net working
110
Table of
Contents
capital and net debt amounts as of the transaction close date compared to targeted amounts set forth in the purchase agreement.
A summary of income statement activity related to the Juice Transaction for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows:
(a)
Includes $
186
million of deferred tax expense related to the recognition of our investment in TBG.
(b)
Includes $
16
million curtailment gain, partially offset by $
6
million special termination benefits.
(c)
Does not sum due to rounding.
In connection with the sale, we entered into a transition services agreement with PAI Partners, under which we provide certain services to TBG to help facilitate an orderly transition of the business following the sale. In return for these services, TBG is required to pay certain agreed upon fees to reimburse us for our costs without markup.
The