disgorgement of profits or activity restrictions, all of which can adversely affect our business. In addition, increasing governmental attention to certain ingredients or substances present in certain of our products or packaging materials as well as the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid) purporting to assess the health implications of consumption of such ingredients or substances have resulted in and could continue to result in increased regulatory scrutiny and our being subject to new taxes and regulations or lawsuits that can adversely affect our business.
Potential liabilities and costs from litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations can have an adverse impact on our business.
We and our subsidiaries have been, and in the future may be, party to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations, including but not limited to matters related to our advertising, marketing or commercial practices, product labels, claims and ingredients, food safety, personal injury, property damage, intellectual property rights, privacy, employment, tax and insurance matters, environmental, social and governance matters, including concerns or perceptions regarding our packaging and its environmental impact, the efficacy of recycling, our packaging sustainability goals and our workforce policies and initiatives, and matters relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These matters are inherently uncertain and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves or that our assessment of the materiality of these matters and the likely outcome or potential losses and established reserves will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such matters. Responding to these matters, even those that are ultimately non-meritorious, requires us to incur
25
Table of
Contents
significant expense and devote significant resources, and may generate adverse publicity that damages our reputation or brand image. Any of the foregoing can adversely affect our business.
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our 2024 fiscal year and that remain unresolved.
Item 1C.  Cybersecurity.
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
We are regularly subject to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents.
In response, we have implemented cybersecurity processes, technologies, and controls to aid in our efforts to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risks.
Our enterprise risk management framework considers cybersecurity risk alongside other company risks as part of our overall risk assessment process.
Our enterprise risk management team collaborates with our Information Security function, led by the Company’s Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer and the Company’s Chief Information