economic conditions will affect our business partners, including financial institutions with whom we do business, and any negative impact on any of the foregoing may also have an adverse impact on our business.
Future cyber incidents and other disruptions to our information systems can adversely affect our business.
We depend on information systems and technology, including public websites and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business, including communications within our company, interfacing with customers and consumers; ordering and managing inventory; managing and operating our facilities; protecting confidential information, including personal data we collect; maintaining accurate financial records and complying with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Our business has in the past and could in the future be negatively affected by system shutdowns, degraded systems performance, systems disruptions or security incidents. These disruptions or incidents may be caused by cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, network or power outages, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, the unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, natural disasters, fires or other catastrophic events. In addition, the increase in certain of our employees working remotely has resulted in increased demand on our information technology infrastructure, which can be
17
Table of
Contents
subject to failure, disruption or unavailability, and increased vulnerability to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents.
Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, the techniques used to gain access to information technology systems and data, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and becoming more sophisticated in nature and are being carried out by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may increase our cybersecurity risks, including generative artificial intelligence augmenting threat actors’ technological sophistication to enhance existing or create new malware. Cyberattacks and cyber incidents take many forms including cyber extortion, denial of service, social engineering, deepfake attacks and disinformation campaigns, introduction of viruses or malware (such as ransomware), exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software or other infrastructure (including zero-day vulnerabilities), hacking, website defacement or theft of passwords and other credentials, unauthorized use of computing resources for digital currency mining and business email compromise. As with other global companies, we are regularly subject to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, including the types of attacks and incidents described above. Continued geopolitical instability has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. In addition, such cyberattacks may be