unfavorable impacts on our future results.
See also “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Executive Overview” above and “Market Risks” below for more information about these risks and the actions we have taken to address key challenges.
Risk Management Framework
The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks, many of which evolve over time. To identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the Company’s operations and foster a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. This framework includes the following:
•
PepsiCo’s Board has oversight responsibility for PepsiCo’s integrated risk management framework. One of the Board’s primary responsibilities is overseeing and interacting with senior management with respect to key aspects of the Company’s business, including risk assessment and risk mitigation of the Company’s top risks. Throughout the year, the Board and relevant Committees of the Board receive updates from management with respect to various enterprise risk management issues and dedicate a portion of their meetings to reviewing and discussing specific risk topics in greater detail, including risks related to cybersecurity, food safety, sustainability, human capital management and supply chain and commodity inflation. The Board receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding the Company’s top risks, including updates from members of management responsible for overseeing impacted areas (for example, the Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer and Chief Information Security Officer), governance processes associated with managing these risks, the status of projects to strengthen the Company’s risk mitigation efforts and recent incidents impacting the industry and threat landscape. Given that cybersecurity risks can impact various areas of responsibility of the Committees of the Board, the Board believes it is useful and effective for the full Board to maintain direct oversight over cybersecurity matters. In evaluating top risks, the Board and management consider short-, medium- and long-term potential impacts on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations, including looking at the internal and external environment when evaluating risks, risk amplifiers and emerging trends, and considers the risk horizon as part of prioritizing the Company’s risk mitigation efforts. The Board receives updates through presentations, memos and other written materials, teleconferences and other appropriate means of communication, with numerous opportunities for discussion and feedback, and continuously evaluates its approach in addressing top risks as circumstances evolve. For
38
Table of
Contents
example, as part of risk updates to the Board and relevant Committees during 2024, the Board or its relevant Committee were provided updates on the impact of disruptive events, including geopolitical