December 28, 2024. There were no material individual line item changes.
36
Table of Contents
Total Liabilities
As of March 22, 2025, total liabilities were $83.2 billion, compared to $81.3 billion as of December 28, 2024. The change in total liabilities is primarily driven by the following line items:
(a)
In billions.
(b)
See Note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information.
(c)
Primarily reflects timing of payments, combined with lower capital expenditure payables.
Total Equity
See the equity statement and Notes 9 and 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements.
37
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
PepsiCo, Inc.:
Results of Review of Interim Financial Information
We have reviewed the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet of PepsiCo, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of March 22, 2025, the related Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income, Cash Flows and Equity for the twelve weeks ended March 22, 2025 and March 23, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated interim financial information). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the consolidated interim financial information for it to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Company as of December 28, 2024, and the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income, Cash Flows and Equity for the fiscal year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated February 3, 2025, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 28, 2024 is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the Consolidated Balance Sheet from which it has been derived.
Basis for Review Results
This consolidated interim financial information is the responsibility of the Company’s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of consolidated interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole.