such countries), sanctions or export controls have also continued to impact our operations in certain of these international markets. We continue to closely monitor the
36
Table of
Contents
economic, operating and political environment in the markets in which we operate, including risks of additional impairments or write-offs and currency devaluation, and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
Our operations in Russia accounted for
4% of our consolidated net revenue for each of the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. Russia accounted for 3% and 3% of our consolidated assets, 10% and 6% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, and 41% and 35% of our accumulated currency translation adjustment loss as of December 28, 2024 and
December 30, 2023
, respectively.
Our operations in Ukraine accounted for less than 1% of our consolidated net revenue for each of the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 and of our consolidated assets as of
December 28, 2024 and
December 30, 2023.
See Notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of i
mpairment and other charges recognized in the years ended
December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023, and December 31, 2022
.
Imposition of Taxes and Regulations on our Products
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes or regulations on the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products or their packaging, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or their packaging, commodities used in the production of our products or their packaging or the recyclability or recoverability of our packaging. These taxes and regulations vary in scope and form. For example, some taxes apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Further, some regulations apply to all products using certain types of packaging (e.g., plastic), while others are designed to increase the sustainability of packaging, encourage waste reduction and increased recycling rates or facilitate the waste management process or restrict the sale of products in certain packaging. In addition, certain jurisdictions in which our snack products are sold have either imposed or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our snack products as a result of ingredients (such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat) contained in our products.
We sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods in more than 200 countries and territories and the profile of the products we sell, the amount of revenue attributable to such products and the type of packaging used vary by jurisdiction. Because of this, we cannot predict the scope or form potential taxes, regulations or other limitations on our