reporting.
Except with respect to the continued implementation of ERP systems, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We will continue to assess the impact on our internal control over financial reporting as we continue to implement our ERP solution and our 2019 multi-year productivity plan.
Item 9B.  Other Information.
During the 16 weeks ended December 28, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers
adopted
, modified or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Information about our directors and persons nominated to become directors is contained under the caption “Election of Directors” in our Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 28, 2024 (the 2025 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference. Information about our executive officers is reported under the caption “Information About Our Executive Officers” in Part I of this report.
Information on beneficial ownership reporting compliance will be contained under the caption “Ownership of PepsiCo Common Stock - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” if applicable, in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
We have a written code of conduct that applies to all of our employees, including our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller, and to our Board of Directors. Our Global Code of Conduct is distributed to all employees and is available on our website at
http://www.pepsico.com
. A copy of our Global Code of Conduct may be obtained free of charge by writing to Investor Relations, PepsiCo, Inc., 700 Anderson Hill Road, Purchase, New York 10577. Any amendment to our Global Code of Conduct and any waiver applicable to our executive officers or senior financial officers will be posted on our website within the time period required by the SEC and applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.
Information about the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors can be found in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Board Composition and Refreshment – Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations of Director Candidates” and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information concerning the composition of the Audit Committee and our Audit Committee financial experts is contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Corporate Governance at PepsiCo – Committees of the Board of Directors – Audit