Officer. Our CODM uses division operating profit/(loss) as the profit measure to evaluate division performance and allocate resources across divisions. Corporate unallocated expenses, other pension and retiree medical benefits (expense)/income and net interest expense and other are centrally managed costs and are therefore excluded from this profit measure to provide better transparency of our division operating results. Our CODM considers variances of actual performance to our annual operating plan and periodic forecasts when making decisions.
Significant expenses are expenses which are regularly provided to the CODM and are included in division operating profit/(loss). These consist of segment cost of sales, segment selling, general and administrative expenses, and various items affecting comparability. Segment cost of sales includes raw materials, direct labor and plant overhead, as well as purchasing and receiving costs, costs directly related to production planning, inspection costs and raw materials handling facilities, excluding the impact of items affecting comparability. Segment selling, general and administrative expenses include the costs to execute sales to customers, distribution costs, including the costs of shipping and handling activities, which include certain merchandising activities, costs related to brand and product marketing to consumers, other ongoing operating costs that are not directly related to manufacturing, distribution, selling, advertising or marketing activities as well as other income or expense items, excluding the impact of items affecting comparability. Items affecting comparability include restructuring and impairment charges, acquisition and divestiture-related charges, impairment and other charges/credits, product recall-related impact, indirect tax impact and gain associated with the Juice Transaction.
Asset and other balance sheet information for divisions is not provided to the CODM.
69
Table of
Contents
Net revenue, significant expenses and operating profit/(loss) of each division are as follows:
70
Table of
Contents
(a)
Does not include items recorded in the cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses lines on our income statement that are presented in the restructuring and impairment charges, acquisition and divestiture-related charges, impairment and other charges/credits, product recall-related impact and indirect tax impact lines of these tables.
(b)
We recognized a pre-tax gain of $
122
million ($
92
million after-tax or $
0.07
per share) in our FLNA division, recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, related to the remeasurement of our previously held
50
% equity ownership in Sabra at fair value. See Note 13 for further information.
(c)
See Note 3 for further information related to restructuring and impairment charges.
(d)
See Note 13 for further information related to acquisitions and divestiture-related charges.
(e)
See below and Note 4 for impairment and other