increases, the decline in organic volume, a 9-percentage-point impact of higher impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables, a 7-percentage-point impact of higher restructuring charges and higher advertising and marketing expenses. These impacts were partially offset by the effective net pricing and productivity savings.
LatAm
Net revenue increased 0.5%, reflecting effective net pricing, partially offset by a 3-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and a net decline in organic volume.
Convenient foods unit volume declined 2%, primarily reflecting double-digit declines in Peru and Argentina, partially offset by low-single-digit growth in Brazil. Additionally, Mexico experienced a low-single-digit decline.
Beverage unit volume grew slightly, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit growth in Brazil and low-single-digit growth in Mexico, Guatemala and Chile, partially offset by a double-digit decline in Colombia and high-single-digit declines in Argentina and Peru.
Operating profit decreased slightly, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, a 10-percentage-point unfavorable impact of an indirect tax reserve, the net organic volume decline, higher advertising and marketing expenses and a 3-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation, partially offset by the effective net pricing, productivity savings and a 5-percentage-point impact of lower commodity costs.
Europe
Net revenue increased 5%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth, partially offset by a 2-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation.
Convenient foods unit volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit growth in Russia and low-single-digit growth in the United Kingdom, partially offset by a high-single-digit decline in France and a mid-single-digit decline in the Netherlands. Additionally, Turkey experienced low-single-digit growth.
Beverage unit volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit growth in Russia and low-single-digit growth in Turkey, partially offset by a double-digit decline in France and a slight decline in Germany. Additionally, the United Kingdom experienced low-single-digit growth.
Operating profit increased 163%, primarily reflecting a 148-percentage-point favorable impact of the prior-year impairment charges related to the SodaStream business, the net revenue growth, productivity savings and a 17-percentage-point favorable impact of lower restructuring charges. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 23-percentage-point impact of impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables, an 8-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs and higher advertising and marketing costs.
AMESA
Net revenue increased 1%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth, partially