Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Business Risks” in our 2024 Form 10-K should be considered when evaluating our trends and future results.
Results of Operations – Consolidated Review
Consolidated Results
Volume
Physical or unit volume is one of the key metrics management uses internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan and the evaluation of our business performance. We believe volume provides additional information to facilitate the comparison of our historical operating performance and underlying trends and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Financial Results – Volume” included in our 2024 Form 10-K for further information on volume. Unit volume performance adjusts for the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures. Acquisitions and divestitures, when used in this report, reflect mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. Further, unit volume performance excludes the impact of an additional week of results every five or six years (53
rd
reporting week), where applicable.
We report all of our international operations on a monthly calendar basis. The 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 and March 23, 2024 include volume outside of North America for the months of January and February.
Consolidated Net Revenue and Operating Profit
27
Table of Contents
See “Results of Operations – Segment Review” for a tabular presentation and discussion of key drivers of net revenue.
Operating profit decreased 5% and operating margin declined 0.5 percentage points. Operating profit performance was primarily driven by certain operating cost increases, a decline in organic volume, a 4-percentage-point unfavorable impact of foreign exchange translation and a 3-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings, effective net pricing and lower advertising and marketing expenses.
Other Consolidated Results
Other pension and retiree medical benefits income decreased $35 million, primarily reflecting recognition of fixed income losses on plan assets and the recognition of special termination benefits due to restructuring actions as part of our 2019 Productivity Plan.
Net interest expense and other
increased
$62 million, primarily due to losses on the market value of investments used to economically hedge a portion of our deferred compensation liability, higher interest rates on debt and higher average debt balances.
The reported tax rate
increased
1.1 percentage points, primarily reflecting lower tax benefits from foreign results and share-based