Quaker grits, Quaker oatmeal, Quaker rice cakes, Quaker Simply Granola and Rice-A-Roni side dishes. QFNA’s branded products are sold to independent distributors and retailers.
PepsiCo Beverages North America
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, PBNA makes, markets and sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including Aquafina, Bubly, Diet Mountain Dew, Diet Pepsi, Gatorade, Gatorade Zero, Mountain Dew, Pepsi, Pepsi Zero Sugar and Propel. PBNA operates its own bottling plants and distribution facilities and sells branded finished goods directly to independent distributors and retailers. PBNA also sells concentrate and finished goods for our brands to authorized and independent bottlers, who in turn sell our branded finished goods to independent distributors and retailers in certain markets. PBNA also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink tea and coffee products through joint ventures with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name) and Starbucks, respectively. Further, PBNA manufactures and distributes certain brands licensed from Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., including Crush, Dr Pepper and Schweppes, and certain juice brands licensed from Dole Food Company, Inc. and Ocean Spray Cranberries, Inc. In the first quarter of 2022, we sold our Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands to PAI Partners, while retaining a 39% noncontrolling interest in a newly formed joint venture, Tropicana Brands Group (TBG), operating across North America and Europe (Juice Transaction). In the United States, PepsiCo acts as the exclusive distributor for TBG’s portfolio of brands for small-format and foodservice customers with chilled direct-store-delivery (DSD). See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Latin America
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, LatAm makes, markets, distributes and sells a number of convenient food brands including Cheetos, Doritos, Emperador, Lay’s, Marias Gamesa, Ruffles, Sabritas, Saladitas Gamesa and Tostitos, as well as many Quaker-branded convenient foods. LatAm also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including 7UP, Diet 7UP, Gatorade, H2oh!, Manzanita Sol, Mirinda, Pepsi, Pepsi Black, San Carlos and Toddy. These branded products are sold to authorized and independent bottlers, independent distributors and retailers.
3
Table of
Contents
LatAm also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).
Europe
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, Europe makes, markets, distributes and sells a number of convenient food