per share), respectively, were recorded related to the impairment of certain consolidated investments.
85
Table of
Contents
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are comprised of the following:
A summary of our valuation allowance activity is as follows:
86
Table of
Contents
Reserves
A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a reserve, is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction.
Our major taxing jurisdictions and the related open tax audits are as follows:
Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning strategies and transactions, including transfer pricing arrangements, available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish reserves when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, we believe that certain positions are subject to challenge and that we likely will not succeed. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit, new tax laws, relevant court cases or tax authority settlements. Settlement of any particular issue would usually require the use of cash. Favorable resolution would be recognized as a reduction to our annual tax rate in the year of resolution.
As of December 28, 2024, the total gross amount of reserves for income taxes, reported in other liabilities, was $
2.3
billion. We accrue interest related to reserves for income taxes in our provision for income taxes and any associated penalties are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. The gross amount of interest accrued, reported in other liabilities, was $
469
million as of December 28, 2024, of which $
103
million of tax expense was recognized in 2024. The gross amount of interest accrued, reported in other liabilities, was $
390
million as of December 30, 2023, of which $
102
million of tax expense was recognized in 2023.
A reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
Carryforwards and Allowances
Operating loss carryforwards and income tax credits totaling $
34.0
billion as of December 28, 2024 are being carried forward in a number of foreign and state jurisdictions where we are permitted to use tax operating losses and income tax credits from prior periods to reduce future taxable income or income tax liabilities. These operating losses and income tax credits will expire as follows: $
0.4
billion in 2025, $
29.1
87
Table of
Contents
billion between 2026 and 2041 and $
4.5
billion may be carried forward indefinitely. We establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets if, based on the available evidence, it is not more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
Undistributed International Earnings
As