billion, compared to $81.9 billion as of December 30, 2023. There were no material line item changes. See Notes 8 and 13 for further information regarding our liabilities.
Total Equity
See the equity statement and Notes 9 and 11 to our consolidated financial statements.
54
Table of
Contents
Return on Invested Capital
ROIC is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on ROIC, see “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(a)
Includes a quarterly average of short-term and long-term debt obligations.
(b)
Includes a quarterly average of common stock, capital in excess of par value, retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive loss and repurchased common stock.
The table below reconciles ROIC as calculated above to net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability.
(a)
See “Items Affecting Comparability” for a detailed description.
OUR CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
An appreciation of our critical accounting policies and estimates is necessary to understand our financial results. These policies may require management to make difficult and subjective judgments regarding uncertainties, including the business and economic uncertainty resulting from volatile geopolitical conditions and the high interest rate and inflationary cost environment, and as a result, such estimates may significantly impact our financial results. The precision of these estimates and the likelihood of future changes depend on a number of underlying variables and a range of possible outcomes. We applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods consistently in all material respects and for all periods presented. We have discussed our critical accounting policies and estimates with our Audit Committee.
55
Table of
Contents
Our critical accounting policies and estimates are:
•
revenue recognition;
•
goodwill and other intangible assets;
•
income tax expense and accruals; and
•
pension and retiree medical plans.
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue when our performance obligation is satisfied. Our primary performance obligation (the distribution and sales of beverage and convenient food products) is satisfied upon the shipment or delivery of products to our customers, which is also when control is transferred. The transfer of control of products to our customers is typically based on written sales terms that generally do not allow for a right of return, except in the instance of a product recall or other limited circumstances that may allow for product returns. Our policy for DSD, including certain chilled products, is to remove and replace damaged and out-of-date products from store shelves to ensure that consumers receive the product quality and freshness they expect. Similarly, our policy for certain warehouse-distributed products is to replace damaged and out-of-date products. As a result, we record reserves, based on estimates, for product recall, anticipated damaged and out-of-date produc
ts.
Our products are sold for cash or on credit terms. Our credit