observable inputs) and Level 3 (significant unobservable inputs) in both years and are as follows:
(a)
Includes $
163
million and $
183
million in
2024
and 2023, respectively, of retiree medical plan assets that are restricted for purposes of providing health benefits for U.S. retirees and their beneficiaries.
(b)
Includes securities loaned to borrowers under the securities lending program with fair value of $
630
million in 2024.
(c)
Invested in U.S. and international common stock and commingled funds, and the preferred stock portfolio was invested in domestic and international corporate preferred stock investments. The common and preferred stock investments are based on quoted prices in active markets. The commingled funds are based on the published price of the fund and include one large-cap fund that represents
12
% and
13
% of total U.S. plan assets for 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(d)
These investments are based on quoted bid prices for comparable securities in the marketplace and broker/dealer quotes in active markets. Corporate bonds of U.S.-based companies represent
31
% of total U.S. plan assets for both 2024 and 2023.
(e)
Based on the fair value of the contracts as determined by the insurance companies using inputs that are not observable. The changes in Level 3 amounts were not significant in the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023.
(f)
Includes Level 1 assets of $
456
million and $
3
million, and Level 2 assets of $
276
million and $
346
million for 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(g)
Includes $
447
million of cash collateral under the securities lending program offset by corresponding securities lending payable of the same amount. The net impact on the fair value of U.S. plan assets is
zero
.
(h)
Includes investments in limited partnerships and private credit funds. These funds are based on the net asset value of the investments owned by these funds as determined by independent third parties using inputs that are not observable. The majority of the funds are redeemable quarterly subject to availability of cash and have notice periods ranging from
30
to
90
days.
(i)
Based on the published price of the fund.
97
Table of
Contents
Retiree Medical Cost Trend Rates
The assumed health care cost trend rates for both 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
Annually, we review external data and our historical experience to estimate assumed health care cost trend rates that impact our retiree medical plan obligation and expense, however the cap on our share of retiree medical costs limits the impact.
Savings Plan
Certain U.S. employees are eligible to participate in a 401(k) savings plan, which is a voluntary defined contribution plan. The plan is designed to help employees accumulate savings for retirement and we make Company matching contributions for certain employees on a portion of employee contributions based on years of service.
Certain U.S. employees, who are either not eligible to participate in a defined benefit pension plan or