§240.10D-1(b).
¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
☐
No
☒
The aggregate market value of PepsiCo, Inc. Common Stock held by nonaffiliates of PepsiCo, Inc. (assuming for these purposes, but without conceding, that all executive officers and directors of PepsiCo, Inc. are affiliates of PepsiCo, Inc.) as of June 14, 2024, the last day of business of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $
224.8
billion (based on the closing sale price of PepsiCo, Inc.’s Common Stock on that date as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market).
The number of shares of PepsiCo, Inc. Common Stock outstanding as of January 28, 2025 was
1,371,499,838
.
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the Proxy Statement relating to PepsiCo, Inc.’s 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.
Table of
Contents
PepsiCo, Inc.
Form 10-K Annual Report
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 28, 2024
Table of Contents
1
Table of
Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements reflecting our views about our future performance that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (Reform Act). Statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act are generally identified through the inclusion of words such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “drive,” “estimate,” “expect,” “expressed confidence,” “forecast,” “future,” “goal,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “position,” “potential,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “target,” “will” or similar statements or variations of such words and other similar expressions. All statements addressing our future operating performance, and statements addressing events and developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. They inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in any such forward-looking statement. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Business – Our Business Risks.” Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The discussion of risks in this report is by no means all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are