December 28, 2024, we have incurred pre-tax charges of $2.6 billion, including cash expenditures of $1.9 billion. In our 2025 financial results, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $900 million, including cash expenditures of approximately $800 million. These charges will be funded primarily through cash from operations. We expect to incur the majority of the remaining pre-tax charges and cash expenditures through 2027, with the balance to be incurred through 2030. Charges include severance and other employee costs, asset impairments and other costs.
See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further information related to our 2019 Productivity Plan. We regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plan and other initiatives discussed above and in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements.
Acquisition and Divestiture-Related Charges
Acquisition and divestiture-related charges primarily include transaction expenses, such as consulting, advisory and other professional fees, and merger and integration charges. Merger and integration charges include employee-related costs, contract termination costs, closing costs and other integration costs.
See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Impairment and Other Charges/Credits
We recognized Russia-Ukraine conflict charges, brand portfolio impairment charges and other impairment charges as described below.
Russia-Ukraine Conflict Charges
In connection with the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, we recognized charges related to indefinite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment impairment, allowance for expected credit losses, inventory write-downs and other costs in 2022. We also recognized adjustments to these charges in 2023.
See Notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Brand Portfolio Impairment Charges
We recognized intangible asset, investment and property, plant and equipment impairments and other charges as a result of management’s decision to reposition or discontinue the sale/distribution of certain brands and to sell an investment in 2022. We also recognized adjustments to these charges in 2023.
See Notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Other Impairment Charges
We recognized impairment charges taken as a result of our quantitative assessments of certain of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and related to our investment in TBG. In addition, we recorded allowance for expected credit losses related to outstanding receivables from TBG associated with the Juice Transaction.
See Notes 1, 4 and 9 to
our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Product Recall-Related Impact
We recognized product returns, inventory write-offs and customer and consumer-related costs in our QFNA division associated with a voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals.
See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements