progress is not depreciated until ready for service.
•
Translation of Financial Statements of Foreign Subsidiaries
– Financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates for revenues and expenses. Adjustments resulting from translating net assets are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss within common shareholders’ equity as currency translation adjustment.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Adopted
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance to enhance disclosure of expenses of a public entity’s reportable segments. The new guidance requires a public entity to disclose on an annual and interim basis: (1) significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the CODM and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, (2) an amount for other segment items (the difference between segment revenue less the significant expenses disclosed under the significant expense principle and each reported measure of segment profit or loss), including a description of its composition, and (3) information about a reportable segment’s: (a) profit or loss, and (b) assets, if provided to CODM, and on an annual basis, the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and how to allocate resources. The new guidance also clarifies that if the CODM uses more than one measure of a segment’s profit or loss, one or more of those measures may be reported and requires that a public entity that has a single reportable segment provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in the guidance and all existing segment disclosures. We adopted the guidance in our 2024 annual reporting, on a retrospective basis. See Note 1 for further information.
In September 2022, the FASB issued guidance to enhance the transparency of supplier finance programs to allow financial statement users to understand the effect on working capital, liquidity and cash flows. The new guidance requires disclosure of key terms of the program, including a description of the payment terms, payment timing and assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees provided to the finance provider or intermediary. Other requirements include the disclosure of the amount that remains unpaid as of the end of the reporting period, a description of where these obligations are presented in the balance sheet and a rollforward of the obligation during the annual period. We adopted the guidance in the first quarter of 2023, except for the rollforward, which we adopted in our 2024 annual reporting, on a prospective basis. See
Note 14
for further information.
Not Yet Adopted
In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance to improve the disclosure of expenses in commonly presented expense captions. The new