manage this risk for certain of our foreign operations by utilizing derivative and non-derivative instruments, including cross-currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency denominated debt designated as net investment hedges.
101
Table of
Contents
In 2024, we entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $
500
million for Chinese renminbi and maturity dates ranging from
November 2025 to November 2029
. The cross-currency interest rate swaps are designated as net investment hedges to hedge the net assets of certain foreign operations with Chinese renminbi functional currency.
We use the spot method to assess hedge effectiveness for our net investment hedges. Excluded components in the form of interest accruals on cross-currency interest rate swaps are recorded in net interest expense and other.
The notional amounts of our financial instruments used to hedge the above risks as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 are as follows:
(a)
In billions.
Debt Securities
Held-to-Maturity
Investments in debt securities that we have the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity. Highly liquid debt securities with original maturities of three months or less are recorded as cash equivalents. Our held-to-maturity debt securities consist of commercial paper. As of December 28, 2024, we have
no
investments in held-to-maturity debt securities. As of December 30, 2023, we had $
309
million investments in commercial paper recorded in cash and cash equivalents. Held-to-maturity debt securities are recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair value, and realized gains or losses are reported in earnings. As of December 30, 2023, gross unrecognized gains and losses and the allowance for expected credit losses were
not material
.
Available-for-Sale
Investments in available-for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value. Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale debt securities are generally recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss within common shareholders’ equity. Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale debt securities impact earnings only when such securities are sold, or an allowance for expected credit losses or impairment is recognized. We regularly evaluate our investment portfolio for expected credit losses and impairment. In making this judgment, we evaluate, among other things, the extent to which the fair value of a debt security is less than its amortized cost; the financial condition of the issuer, including the credit quality, and any changes thereto; and our intent to sell, or whether we will more likely than not be required to sell, the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Our assessment of whether a debt security has a credit loss or is impaired could change in the future due to new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular debt security.
In 2022, we entered into an agreement with Celsius