terms, which are established in accordance with local and industry practices, typically require payment within 30 days of delivery in the United States, and generally within 30 to 90 days internationally, and may allow discounts for early payment.
We estimate and reserve for our expected credit loss exposure based on our experience with past due accounts and collectibility, write-off history, the aging of accounts receivable, our analysis of customer data, and forward-looking information (including the expected impact of a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment), leveraging estimates of creditworthiness and projections of default and recovery rates for certain of our customers.
Our policy is to provide customers with product when needed. In fact, our commitment to freshness and product dating serves to regulate the quantity of product shipped or delivered. In addition, DSD products are placed on the shelf by our employees with customer shelf space and storerooms limiting the quantity of product. For product delivered through other distribution networks, we monitor customer inventory levels.
As discussed in “Our Customers” in “Item 1. Business,” we offer sales incentives and discounts through various programs to customers and consumers. Total marketplace spending includes sales incentives, discounts, advertising and other marketing activities. Sales incentives and discounts are primarily accounted for as a reduction of revenue and include payments to customers for performing activities on our behalf, such as payments for in-store displays, payments to gain distribution of new products, payments for shelf space and discounts to promote lower retail prices. Sales incentives and discounts also include support provided to our independent bottlers through funding of advertising and other marketing activities.
A number of our sales incentives, such as bottler funding to independent bottlers and customer volume rebates, are based on annual targets, and accruals are established during the year, as products are delivered, for the expected payout, which may occur after year-end once reconciled and settled. These accruals are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require management judgment with respect to estimating customer and consumer participation and performance levels. Differences between estimated expense and actual incentive costs are normally insignificant and
56
Table of
Contents
are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined. In addition, certain advertising and marketing costs are also based on annual targets and recognized during the year as incurred.
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our revenue recognition and related policies, including total marketplace spending.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
We sell products under a number of brand names, many of which were developed by us. Brand development costs are