focused on expanding our better-for-you offerings and product innovations in both foods and drinks to meet evolving consumer preferences. Through advanced technologies like artificial intelligence, we are optimizing our supply chain, reducing waste, and improving speed to market. These steps ensure the company operates with more precision while protecting margins in an inflationary environment. The immediate focus is on meeting consumer needs, operational excellence, competing for market share, and maintaining agility and resilience. These efforts are foundational to the North America business and driving near-term growth, while setting the stage for long-term success.
Productivity Fuels our Ability to Perform:
In 2024, we delivered record productivity. Increases in automation in our plants and warehouses have empowered frontline decision-making, improved optimization across our transportation and fleet networks, and allowed greater focus on cost management and waste elimination. These efforts fuel our ability to reinvest in our brands and capabilities, so that we are well-positioned to support areas in which our business is performing well, while simultaneously allowing us to develop in new ways across our markets and our categories.
Focus on Growth:
We remain focused on delivering growth and fueling innovation by driving positive action for people and the planet. By improving our productivity and aligning our operations and strategy to meet consumer needs, we aim to be well positioned to navigate the complexities of the global market and deliver sustainable, long-term value to our consumers and stakeholders.
Our Operations
See “Item 1. Business” for information on our divisions and a description of our distribution network, ingredients and other supplies, brands and intellectual property rights, seasonality, customers, competition, research and development, regulatory matters and human capital. In addition, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for financial information about our divisions and geographic areas.
35
Table of
Contents
Other Relationships
Certain members of our Board also serve on the boards of certain vendors and customers. These Board members do not participate in our vendor selection and negotiations nor in our customer negotiations. Our transactions with these vendors and customers are in the normal course of business and are consistent with terms negotiated with other vendors and customers. In addition, certain of our employees serve on the boards of Pepsi Bottling Ventures LLC and other affiliated companies of PepsiCo and do not receive incremental compensation for such services.
Our Business Risks
Risks Associated with Commodities and Our Supply Chain
During 2024, we continued to experience higher operating costs, including on transportation and labor costs, which may continue in 2025. Many of the commodities used in the production and transportation of our products are purchased in the open market. The prices