environment), industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant changes in the brand or reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed.
In the quantitative assessment for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill, an assessment is performed to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and the reporting unit, respectively. Estimated fair value is determined using discounted cash flows and requires an analysis of several estimates including future cash flows or income consistent with management’s strategic business plans, annual sales growth rates, perpetuity growth assumptions and the selection of assumptions underlying a discount rate (weighted-average cost of capital) based on market data available at the time.
57
Table of
Contents
Significant management judgment is necessary to estimate the impact of competitive operating, macroeconomic and other factors (including those related to volatile geopolitical conditions and a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment) to estimate future levels of sales, operating profit or cash flows. All assumptions used in our impairment evaluations for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill, such as forecasted growth rates (including perpetuity growth assumptions) and weighted-average cost of capital, are based on the best available market information and are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating plans. A deterioration in these assumptions could adversely impact our results. Additionally, indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired in recent acquisitions are more susceptible to impairment because they are recorded at fair value at the time of acquisition. These assumptions could be adversely impacted by certain of the risks described in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Our Business Risks.”
As of December 28, 2024, the estimated fair value of the SodaStream reporting unit narrowly exceeded its carrying value. Given the low coverage, there could be further impairment to the carrying value of the SodaStream reporting unit goodwill if future sales and operating profit results are not in line with the forecasted future cash flows of the business and/or if macroeconomic conditions worsen and drive an increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used to estimate its fair value. We continue to monitor the performance of the SodaStream reporting unit, as well as all of our indefinite-lived intangible assets.
Amortizable intangible assets are only evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating or macroeconomic environment. If an evaluation of the undiscounted future cash flows indicates impairment, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value, which is based on its discounted future cash flows.
See Note 2 and Note 4 to our consolidated financial