Russia in our Europe division. As a result, we recognized pre-tax impairment charges of $
241
million ($
193
million after-tax or $
0.14
per share) in impairment of intangible assets, primarily related to indefinite-lived intangible assets in the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 1 for further information.
In the second quarter of 2022, macroeconomic factors, sanctions and other regulations as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict indicated a material deterioration of the significant inputs used to determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets in Russia, primarily assumptions underlying the
82
Table of
Contents
weighted-average cost of capital. These factors required us to perform a quantitative assessment, despite the absence of a material adverse impact on these assets’ financial performance (e.g., sales, operating profit, cash flows). The fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets in Russia was estimated using discounted cash flows under the income approach, which we consider to be a Level 3 measurement. We determined that the carrying value exceeded the fair value, with the decrease in the fair value primarily attributable to a significant increase in the weighted-average cost of capital, which reflected the macroeconomic uncertainty in Russia. As a result of the quantitative assessment, we recorded pre-tax impairment charges of $
1.2
billion ($
958
million after-tax or $
0.69
per share) in impairment of intangible assets, related to our juice and dairy brands in Russia in our Europe division, in the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 1 for further information.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, macroeconomic conditions including a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment, coupled with recent business performance, indicated a deterioration of the significant inputs used to determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets in various markets, primarily assumptions underlying the weighted-average cost of capital and the impact of economic uncertainty on current and future financial performance, and required us to perform a quantitative assessment on certain assets. The fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets was estimated using discounted cash flows under the income approach, which we consider to be a Level 3 measurement. We determined that the carrying value exceeded the fair value, which reflected the increase in the weighted-average cost of capital as well as our most current estimates of future sales and their contributions to operating profit and expected future cash flows (including perpetuity growth assumptions).
As a result of the quantitative assessment, we recognized pre-tax impairment charges of $
1.6
billion ($
1.3
billion after-tax or $
0.94
per share) in impairment of intangible assets, primarily related to the SodaStream brand in our Europe division, in the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 1 for further information.
We did
not
recognize any