compensation.
Results of Operations – Segment Review
Effective beginning with our first quarter of 2025, we realigned certain of our reportable segments to conform with changes to our organizational structure and how our Chief Executive Officer regularly reviews the performance of, and allocates resources to, these segments. Our historical segment reporting has been recast to reflect our current organizational structure.
While our financial results in North America are reported on a 12-week basis, all of our international operations are reported on a monthly calendar basis for which the months of January and February are reflected in our results for the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025 and March 23, 2024.
In the discussions of net revenue and operating profit below, “effective net pricing” reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries.
See “Our Business Risks,” “Non-GAAP Measures” and “Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of items to consider when evaluating our results and related information regarding measures not in accordance with GAAP.
28
Table of Contents
Net Revenue and Organic Revenue Performance
Organic revenue performance is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a description of and further information regarding this measure, see “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(a)
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
(b)
Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the impact of organic volume change on net revenue performance differs from the unit volume change disclosed in the following segment discussions due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between bottler case sales and concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE). We report net revenue from our franchise beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue.
Operating Profit, Operating Profit Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability and Operating Profit Performance Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability on a Constant Currency Basis
Operating profit adjusted for items affecting comparability and operating profit performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis are both non-GAAP financial measures. For a description of and further information regarding these measures, see “Non-GAAP Measures” and “Items Affecting Comparability.”
29
Table of Contents
(a)
See “Items Affecting Comparability” for further information.
PFNA
Net revenue decreased 1%, primarily driven by a decrease in organic volume, partially offset by the favorable impact of acquisitions and effective net pricing.
Unit volume declined 1%, driven by a 4% decrease in savory snacks volume, partially offset by a 9% increase in other foods volume.
Operating