proceedings, inquiries or investigations, which has adversely affected our business. We could also be subjected to negative responses by governmental actors (such as anti-ESG legislation or retaliatory legislative treatment) or certain stakeholders (such as boycotts, litigation or negative publicity campaigns) that could adversely affect our business.
20
Table of
Contents
Strikes or work stoppages can cause our business to suffer.
Many of our employees and employees of third parties that are involved in the manufacturing, production or distribution of our products are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and other employees may seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions have occurred and may occur in the future if we or the third parties that are involved in the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are unable to renew, or enter into new, collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms and can impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or the ingredients, raw materials or commodities used in our products, interrupt product supply, lead to a loss of sales, increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy, all of which can adversely affect our business.
Financial Risks
Failure to realize benefits from our productivity initiatives or organizational restructurings can adversely affect our financial performance.
Our future growth depends, in part, on our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve efficiencies, including digitalization of our operations, our multi-year phased implementation of shared business service organizational models and organizational restructuring. We continue to identify and implement productivity initiatives that we believe will position our business for long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure, improve decision-making and operate more efficiently. Some of these measures could result in unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees, reduced morale and productivity, unexpected employee attrition, an inability to attract or retain key personnel and negative publicity. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives, digitalization of our operations or organizational restructurings as planned or do not achieve expected savings or efficiencies as a result of these initiatives, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our financial performance.
A deterioration in our estimates and underlying assumptions regarding the future performance of our business or investments can result in impairment charges that adversely affect our results of operations.
We conduct impairment tests on our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible