Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.
/s/ KPMG LLP
New York, New York
April 23, 2025
38
Table of Contents
ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
See “Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Business Risks.” In addition, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our Business Risks” and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2024 Form 10-K.
ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures.
As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
During the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025, we continued migrating certain of our financial processing systems to an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. These systems implementations are part of our ongoing global business transformation initiative, and we plan to continue implementing such systems throughout other parts of our businesses in phases over the next several years. In connection with these ERP implementations, we are updating and will continue to update our internal control over financial reporting, as necessary, to accommodate modifications to our business processes and accounting procedures. During the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025, we continued implementing these systems, resulting in changes that materially affected our internal control over financial reporting. These system implementations did not have an adverse effect, nor do we expect will have an adverse effect, on our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, in connection with our 2019 multi-year productivity plan, we continue
to migrate to shared business models across our operations to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes. In connection with this multi-year productivity plan and resulting business process changes, we continue to enhance the design and documentation of our internal control over financial reporting processes to maintain