consolidated subsidiaries outside of Russia that are subject to currency controls or currency exchange restrictions were not material. As of March 22, 2025, Russia accounted for
13%
of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents. Our sources and uses of cash were not materially adversely impacted by the cash and cash equivalents held in Russia and, to date, we have not identified any material impact on our liquidity or capital resources as a result of these amounts. See “Our Business Risks” for further information on our operations in Russia.
The TCJ Act imposed a one-time mandatory transition tax on undistributed international earnings. As of March 22, 2025, our mandatory transition tax liability was $1.7 billion, which must be paid through 2026 under the provisions of the TCJ Act. See “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” and Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2024 Form 10-K for further discussion of the TCJ Act.
Supply chain financing arrangements did not have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources in the periods presented and we do not expect such arrangements to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources for the foreseeable future. See Note
13
to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of supply chain financing arrangements.
Operating Activities
During the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025, net cash used for operating activities of $1.0 billion was largely even with the prior-year period. Current year operating cash flow primarily reflects favorable working capital comparisons, partially offset by unfavorable operating profit performance and higher pre-tax pension and retiree medical plan contributions in the current year.
Investing Activities
During the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025
, net cash used for investing activities was $1.2 billion, primarily reflecting net cash paid in connection with our acquisition of Siete of $1.2 billion and net capital spending of $0.5 billion, partially offset by maturities of short-term investments with maturities greater than three months of $0.4 billion.
We regularly review our plans with respect to ne
t capital spending and believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our net capital spending needs.
Financing Activities
During the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2025, net cash provided by financing activities was $1.8 billion, primarily reflecting proceeds from the issuances of long-term debt of $3.5 billion and net proceeds from short-term borrowings of $1.9 billion, partially offset by the return of operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $2.1 billion, as well as payments of long-term debt borrowings of $1.5 billion.
We annually review our capital structure with our Board of Directors, including our dividend policy and share repurchase activity. On February 10, 2022, we announced a share repurchase program providing for the repurchase of up to $10.0 billion of