operating performance and underlying trends, and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. Unit volume performance adjusts for the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures. Acquisitions and divestitures, when used in this report, reflect mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. Further, unit volume performance excludes the impact of a 53
rd
reporting week, where applicable. Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of each December, resulting in an additional reporting week every five or six years (53
rd
reporting week).
Beverage volume includes volume of concentrate sold to independent bottlers and volume of finished products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks and allied brand products and joint venture trademarks sold by company-owned bottling operations. Beverage volume also includes volume of finished products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks sold by our noncontrolled affiliates. Concentrate volume sold to independent bottlers is reported in concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE), whereas finished beverage product volume is reported in bottler case sales (BCS). Both CSE and BCS convert all beverage volume to an 8-ounce-case metric. Typically, CSE and BCS are not equal in any given period due to seasonality, timing of product launches, product mix, bottler inventory practices and other factors. While our net revenue is not entirely based on BCS volume due to the independent bottlers in our supply chain, we believe that BCS is a better measure of the consumption of our beverage products. PBNA, LatAm, Europe, AMESA and APAC, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, make, market, distribute and sell ready-to-drink tea products through a joint venture with Unilever (under
41
Table of
Contents
the Lipton brand name), and PBNA, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink coffee products through a joint venture with Starbucks.
Convenient food volume includes volume sold by us and our noncontrolled affiliates of convenient food products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks. Internationally, we measure convenient food product volume in kilograms, while in North America we measure convenient food product volume in pounds. FLNA makes, markets, distributes and sells Sabra refrigerated dips and spreads through a joint venture with Strauss Group. In December 2024, we acquired the Strauss Group’s 50% ownership in Sabra and Sabra became a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Consolidated Net Revenue and Operating Profit
See “Results of Operations – Division Review” for a tabular presentation and discussion of key drivers of net revenue.
Operating profit increased 8% and operating margin improved 0.9 percentage