on a consistent basis because it removes from our operating results the impact of items that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing performance and reflects how management evaluates our operating results and trends. We define net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, as ROIC, adjusted for quarterly average cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, after-tax interest income and items affecting comparability. We believe the calculation of ROIC and net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, provides useful information to investors and is an additional relevant comparison of our performance to consider when evaluating our capital allocation efficiency.
See “Return on Invested Capital” in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” for further information.
Items Affecting Comparability
Our reported financial results in this Form 10-K are impacted by the following items in each of the following years:
49
Table of
Contents
(a)
Provision for income taxes is the expected tax charge/benefit on the underlying item based on the tax laws and income tax rates applicable to the underlying item in its corresponding tax jurisdiction.
(a)
Does not sum due to rounding.
Mark-to-Market Net Impact
We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our divisions. These commodity derivatives include agricultural products, metals, and energy. Commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting gains and losses recorded in corporate unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in division results when the divisions recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Therefore, the divisions realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility, which remains in corporate unallocated expenses.
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
2019 Multi-Year Productivity Plan
The 2019 Productivity Plan leverages new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineers our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and simplifies our organization and optimizes our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. To build on the successful implementation of the 2019 Productivity Plan, in the fourth quarter of 2024, we further expanded and extended the plan through the end of 2030 to take advantage of additional opportunities within the initiatives described above. As a result, we expect to incur
50
Table of
Contents
pre-tax charges of approximately $6.15 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $5.1 billion, as compared to our previous estimate of pre-tax charges of approximately $3.65 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $2.9 billion. Plan to date through