and tariffs; supply chains, including the U.K. Modern Slavery Act; occupational health and safety; competition; and anti-corruption and data privacy, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation. In many jurisdictions, compliance with competition laws is of special importance to us due to our competitive position in those jurisdictions, as is compliance with anti-corruption laws, including the U.K. Bribery Act. We rely on legal and operational compliance programs, as well as in-house and outside counsel and other experts, to guide our businesses in complying with the laws and regulations around the world that apply to our businesses.
9
Table of
Contents
Certain jurisdictions have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or commodities used in the production of our products. These taxes vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some measures apply a single tax rate per ounce/liter on beverages containing over a certain level of added sugar (or other sweetener) while others apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the amount of added sugar (or other sweetener) in the beverage and some apply a flat tax rate on beverages containing a particular substance or ingredient, regardless of the level of such substance or ingredient. In addition, certain jurisdictions in which our snack products are sold have either imposed or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our snack products as a result of ingredients (such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat) contained in our products.
Certain jurisdictions have either imposed, or are considering imposing, product labeling or warning requirements or other limitations on the marketing or sale of certain of our products as a result of ingredients or substances contained in such products or packaging materials, the audience to whom products are marketed or the location in which the products are sold. These types of provisions have required that we highlight perceived concerns about a product, warn consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our products, restrict the age of consumers to whom products are marketed or sold, limit the location in which our products may be available or discontinue the use of certain ingredients. We expect continued scrutiny of certain ingredients or substances present in certain of our products and/or their packaging and it is possible that similar or more restrictive requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future.
Certain jurisdictions have either imposed or are considering imposing regulations designed to increase recycling rates, encourage waste reduction, restrict the sale of