innovative technologies. We are operating net-zero water and energy facilities across many markets, electrifying our transport fleets, and accelerating the use of recycled plastics, so we can try to build a more sustainable business while reducing operational costs. Our leadership in regenerative agriculture not only supports farmers and the planet, but also strengthens our supply chain, helping us become more resilient while positioning us to deliver long-term value for shareholders. And thanks to the diversification across our portfolio, our categories, and the geographies in which we operate, we are better equipped to capitalize on opportunities across a wide range of consumer needs.
Our pep+ initiatives and ambitions are geared toward driving growth across every aspect of our operations, so that we can strengthen our business and deliver more value for our stakeholders.
Transforming Our Portfolio:
Our consumer-centric portfolio transformation revolves around three key elements: our work to evolve our recipes to reduce sodium, saturated fat, and added sugar, while
34
Table of
Contents
incorporating more diverse ingredients; our efforts to find innovative ways to deliver new occasions and engagements for consumers across our existing portfolio; and the strategic acquisition of brands that help us incorporate new and complementary foods and beverages into our portfolio.
Bringing Our Business Closer to the Consumer:
We are continuously making investments that aim to help us provide consumers with more value, more personalization, and more choices. We will continue to innovate to create foods, beverages, and experiences that meet consumer needs without compromising the taste or quality they expect.
We are making changes to our organization to help us further increase productivity, sharpen our focus on growth and value, and create opportunities to better harness the expertise and scale of our food and beverage operations across markets. In the United States, we are reorganizing our U.S. Foods and Beverages businesses into one unified North America Region to harness scale, unlock synergies, and accelerate growth through category-leading brands and innovative products. Internationally, we are realigning our international beverages and foods businesses to ensure each category is distinctly managed and has the right resources and capabilities to meet the unique needs of consumers in every market.
North America Business:
As part of the changes to our organizational structure, we’re working to enhance our connection with North American consumers, bringing sales and consumer insights closer together, so we can identify and act efficiently on shifts in demand. Combining supply chain operations allows us to harness scale, reduce duplication, and create a more cohesive system for managing inventory and logistics, thereby optimizing our go-to-market strategy and helping drive consistent best practices across the business.
At the same time, the company is