charges taken related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, brand portfolio impairment and other impairment.
(f)
In 2024, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $
187
million ($
143
million after-tax or $
0.10
per share) associated with the Quaker Recall with $
176
million recorded in cost of sales related to property, plant and equipment write-offs, employee severance costs and other costs, $
8
million recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses and $
3
million recorded in other pension and retiree medical benefits (expense)/income, which is not included in operating profit. In 2023, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $
136
million ($
104
million after-tax or $
0.07
per share) in cost of sales for product returns, inventory write-offs and customer and consumer-related costs associated with the Quaker Recall.
(g)
We recorded a pre-tax charge of $
218
million ($
218
million after-tax or $
0.16
per share) in cost of sales related to an indirect tax reserve in our LatAm division.
(h)
We recorded a gain of $
3,029
million and $
292
million in our PBNA and Europe divisions, respectively, associated with the Juice Transaction. The total after-tax amount was $
2,888
million or $
2.08
per share. See Note 13 for further information.
Disaggregation of Net Revenue
Our primary performance obligation is the distribution and sales of beverage and convenient food products to our customers. The following table reflects the percentage of net revenue generated between our beverage business and our convenient food business for each of our international divisions, as well as our consolidated net revenue:
(a)
Beverage revenue from company-owned bottlers, which primarily includes our consolidated bottling operations in our PBNA and Europe divisions, is
35
% of our consolidated net revenue in both 2024 and 2023, and
37
% of our consolidated net revenue in 2022. Generally, our finished goods beverage operations produce higher net revenue, but lower operating margins as compared to concentrate sold to authorized bottling partners for the manufacture of finished goods beverages.
71
Table of
Contents
Impairment and Other Charges
We recognized Russia-Ukraine conflict charges, brand portfolio impairment charges and other impairment charges as described below.
A summary of pre-tax charges taken in 2022 in our Europe division as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict is as follows:
(a)
See Note 4 for further information. For information on our policies for indefinite-lived intangible assets, see Note 2.
In 2023, a pre-tax credit of $
7
million ($
7
million after-tax or $
0.01
per share) was recorded in our Europe division, primarily in selling, general and administrative expenses, representing adjustments for changes in estimates of previously recorded amounts.
A summary of pre-tax charges taken in 2022 as a result of our decision to reposition or discontinue the sale/distribution of certain brands and to sell an investment is as follows:
(a)
See Note 4 for further information.