points. Operating profit growth was primarily driven by effective net pricing, productivity savings and an 18-percentage-point impact of prior-year impairment charges related to the SodaStream business. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a decline in organic volume, an 8-percentage-point impact of higher impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables, a 5-percentage-point impact of higher restructuring charges and a 4-percentage-point unfavorable impact of an indirect tax reserve. Corporate unallocated expenses reflect a 3-percentage-point favorable impact driven primarily by a decrease in corporate expenses and prior-year contributions to The PepsiCo Foundation, Inc.
Other Consolidated Results
Other pension and retiree medical benefits expense increased $272 million, primarily reflecting higher settlement charges due to lump sum distributions to retired or terminated employees and the purchase of a group annuity contract whereby a third-party insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future benefit payments for certain retirees.
Net interest expense and other increased $100 million, primar
ily due to higher interest rates on debt and higher average debt balances, partially offset by higher average cash balances and higher interest rates on average cash balances.
The reported tax rate decreased 0.4 percentage
points, primarily reflecting a reduction in the state tax rate.
42
Table of
Contents
Results of Operations — Division Review
See “Our Business Risks,” “Non-GAAP Measures” and “Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of items to consider when evaluating our results and related information regarding measures not in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
In the discussions of net revenue and operating profit below, “effective net pricing” reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries.
Net Revenue and Organic Revenue Performance
Organic revenue performance is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on this measure, see “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(a)
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
(b)
Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the impact of organic volume on net revenue performance differs from the unit volume change disclosed in the following divisional discussions due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise-owned beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between BCS and CSE. We report net revenue from our franchise-owned beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue.
(c)
Net revenue decline was impacted by a previously announced voluntary recall of certain bars