brands including Cheetos, Doritos, Lay’s, Ruffles and Walkers, as well as many Quaker-branded convenient foods, through consolidated businesses, as well as through noncontrolled affiliates. Europe also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including 7UP, Adrenaline Rush, Aqua Minerale, Lubimy, Mirinda, Pepsi and Pepsi Zero Sugar. These branded products are sold to authorized and independent bottlers, independent distributors and retailers. In certain markets, however, Europe operates its own bottling plants and distribution facilities. Europe also, as part of its beverage business, manufactures and distributes SodaStream sparkling water makers and related products. Further, Europe makes, markets, distributes and sells a number of dairy products including Agusha, Chudo and Domik v Derevne. Europe also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).In the first quarter of 2022, we sold our Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands to PAI Partners, while retaining a 39% noncontrolling interest in TBG, operating across North America and Europe. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Africa, Middle East and South Asia
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, AMESA makes, markets, distributes and sells a number of convenient food brands including Cheetos, Chipsy, Doritos, Kurkure, Lay’s, Sasko, Spekko, Wheaten and White Star, as well as many Quaker-branded convenient foods, through consolidated businesses, as well as through noncontrolled affiliates. AMESA also makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including 7UP, Aquafina, Mirinda, Mountain Dew, Pepsi and Sting Energy. These branded products are sold to authorized and independent bottlers, independent distributors and retailers. In certain markets, however, AMESA operates its own bottling plants and distribution facilities. AMESA also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).
Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, APAC makes, markets, distributes and sells a number of convenient food brands including BaiCaoWei, Cheetos, Doritos, Lay’s and Smith’s, as well as many Quaker-branded convenient foods, through consolidated businesses, as well as through noncontrolled affiliates. APAC also makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands