for further information.
51
Table of
Contents
Indirect Tax Impact
We recognized additional expenses related to an indirect tax reserve in our LatAm division.
Pension and Retiree Medical-Related Impact
Pension and retiree medical-related impact includes settlement charges due to lump sum distributions to retired or terminated employees and the purchase of a group annuity contract whereby a third-party insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future benefit payments for certain retirees. The settlement charge was triggered when the aggregate of the cumulative lump sum distributions and the annuity contract premium exceeded the total annual service and interest costs. Pension and retiree medical-related impact also includes curtailment losses due to restructuring actions as part of our 2019 Productivity Plan.
See Notes 7 and 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Our Liquidity and Capital Resources
We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit facilities, working capital lines and other available methods of debt financing, such as commercial paper borrowings and long-term debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs, including with respect to our net capital spending plans. Our primary sources of liquidity include cash from operations,
proceeds obtained from issuances of commercial paper and long-term debt, and cash and cash equivalents. These sources of cash are available to fund cash outflows that have both a short- and long-term component, including debt repayments and related interest payments; payments for acquisitions; operating leases; purchase, marketing, and other contractual commitments, including capital expenditures and the transition tax liability under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJ Act). In addition, these sources of cash fund other cash outflows including anticipated dividend payments and share repurchases. We do not have guarantees or off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, that we believe could have a material impact on our liquidity. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Our Business Risks” and Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
As of December 28, 2024, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in our consolidated subsidiaries subject to currency controls or currency exchange restrictions were not material.
The TCJ Act imposed a one-time mandatory transition tax on undistributed international earnings. As of December 28, 2024, our mandatory transition tax liability was $1.7 billion, which must be paid through 2026 under the provisions of the TCJ Act; we currently expect to pay approximately $772 million of this liability in 2025. Any additional guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) may impact our recorded amounts for this transition tax liability. See Note 5 to our consolidated financial