eligible for medical and life insurance benefits (retiree medical) if they meet age and service requirements. Generally, our share of retiree medical costs is capped at specified dollar amounts, which vary based upon years of service, with retirees contributing the remainder of the cost. In addition, we have been phasing out certain subsidies of retiree medical benefits.
See “Items Affecting Comparability” and Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for information about changes and settlements within our pension plans.
Our Assumptions
The determination of pension and retiree medical expenses and obligations requires the use of assumptions to estimate the amount of benefits that employees earn while working, as well as the present value of those benefits. Annual pension and retiree medical expense amounts are principally based on four components: (1) the value of benefits earned by employees for working during the year (service cost), (2) the increase in the projected benefit obligation due to the passage of time (interest cost), and (3) other gains and losses as discussed in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements, reduced by (4) the expected return on assets for our funded plans.
Significant assumptions used to measure our annual pension and retiree medical expenses include:
•
certain employee-related demographic factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality;
•
the expected rate of return on assets in our funded plans; and
•
the spot rates along the yield curve used to determine service and interest costs and the present value of liabilities.
Certain assumptions reflect our historical experience and management’s best judgment regarding future expectations. All actuarial assumptions are reviewed annually, except in the case of an interim remeasurement due to a significant event such as a curtailment or settlement. Due to the significant management judgment involved, these assumptions could have a material impact on the measurement of our pension and retiree medical expenses and obligations.
At each measurement date, the discount rates are based on interest rates for high-quality, long-term corporate debt securities with maturities comparable to those of our liabilities. Our U.S. obligation and pension and retiree medical expense is based on the discount rates determined using the Mercer Above Mean Curve. This curve includes bonds that closely match the timing and amount of our expected benefit payments and reflects the portfolio of investments we would consider to settle our liabilities.
See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for information about the expected rate of return on plan assets and our plans’ investment strategy. Although we review our expected long-term rates of return on an annual basis, our asset returns in a given year do not significantly influence our evaluation of long-term rates of return.
59
Table of
Contents
Weighted-average assumptions for pension and retiree medical expense are as