obligations have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position.
In addition to the discussion in this section, see also “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
Human Capital
PepsiCo believes that human capital management, including attracting, developing and retaining a high quality workforce, is critical to our long-term success. Our Board of Directors (Board) and its Committees provide oversight on a broad range of human capital management topics, including corporate culture, pay equity, health and safety, training and development and compensation and benefits.
We employed approximately 319,000 people worldwide as of December 28, 2024, including approximately 134,000 people within the United States. We are party to numerous collective bargaining agreements and believe that relations with our employees are generally good.
Protecting the safety, health, and well-being of our associates around the world is PepsiCo’s top priority. We strive to achieve an injury-free work environment. We also continue to invest in emerging technologies to protect our employees from injuries, including leveraging fleet telematics and distracted driving technology, resulting in reductions in road traffic incidents, and deploying ergonomic and machine safety risk reduction solutions.
We believe that our culture is a competitive advantage that fuels innovation, enhances our ability to attract and retain talent and strengthens our reputation. We continually strive to improve the attraction, retention, and advancement of associates to ensure we sustain a high-caliber pipeline of talent that also represents the communities we serve.
We are also committed to the continued growth and development of our associates. PepsiCo supports and develops its associates through a variety of global training and development programs that build and strengthen employees’ leadership and professional skills, including career development plans, mentoring programs and in-house learning opportunities, such as PEP U Degreed, our internal global online learning resource. In
2024
, PepsiCo employees completed over 1.8 million hours of training.
Available Information
We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at
http://www.sec.gov
.
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are also available free of charge on our Internet site at
http://www.pepsico.com
as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or