(less impairments) of R&D assets acquired through business combinations that have not yet received regulatory approval in a major market
which could include both new investigational products and additional
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
indications for in-line products.
The significant components of IPR&D are SGN-B6A, disitamab vedotin, GBT601 and Tukysa. IPR&D assets are required to be classified as indefinite-lived assets until the successful completion or the abandonment of the associated R&D effort. Accordingly, during the development period after the date of acquisition, these assets are not amortized until approval is obtained in a major market, typically either the U.S. or the EU, or in a series of other countries, subject to certain specified conditions and management judgment. At that time, we will determine the useful life of the asset, reclassify it out of IPR&D and begin amortization. If the associated R&D effort is abandoned, the related IPR&D assets will be written-off, and we will record an impairment charge. IPR&D assets are high-risk assets, given the uncertain nature of R&D. Accordingly, IPR&D assets may become impaired and/or be written-off in the future.
Licensing Agreements––
Licensing agreements for developed technology and for technology in development primarily relate to out-licensing arrangements acquired from third parties, including from acquisitions. These assets represent the cost for the license, where we acquired the right to future royalties and/or milestones upon development or commercialization by the licensing partners. Accordingly, during the development period after the date of acquisition, each of these assets is classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets and will not be amortized until approval is obtained in a major market. At that time we will determine the useful life of the asset, reclassify the respective licensing arrangement asset to finite-lived intangible asset and begin amortization. If the development effort is abandoned, the related licensing asset will be written-off, and we will record an impairment charge.
Amortization––
The weighted-average life for our total finite-lived intangible assets and for the largest component, developed technology rights, is approximately
10
years.
B. Goodwill
(a)
As a result of the organizational changes to the commercial structure within the Biopharma operating segment effective in the first quarter of 2024 (see
Note 17A
), our goodwill was required to be reallocated amongst impacted reporting units. The allocation of goodwill is a complex process that requires, among other things, that we determine the fair value of each reporting unit under our old and new organizational structure and the portions being transferred. We completed the re-allocation during the fourth quarter of 2024 and concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired. All goodwill continues to be assigned within the Biopharma reportable