INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
Our operations are conducted globally, and we supply our medicines and vaccines to approximately 200 countries and territories. Emerging markets are an important component of our strategy for global leadership, and our commercial structure recognizes that the demographics and rising economic power of the fastest-growing emerging markets are becoming more closely aligned with the profile found within developed markets. Urbanization and the rise of the middle class in emerging markets provide potential growth opportunities for our products.
Revenues from operations outside the U.S. of $24.9 billion, $31.4 billion and $57.9 billion accounted for 39%, 53% and 57% of
Total revenues
in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Revenues exceeded $500 million in each of 11, 14 and 24 countries outside the U.S. in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in the number of countries exceeding $500 million in revenues from 2023 to 2024 was primarily driven by decreases in international revenues related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid. As a percentage of
Total revenues
, China was our largest market outside the U.S. (representing 4% of total revenues) in 2024, and Japan was our largest market outside the U.S. in 2023 and 2022 (representing 6% and 8% of total revenues, respectively). For a geographic breakdown of
Total revenues
, see the
Total Revenues by Geography
section within MD&A and
Note 17B
.
Our international operations are subject to risks inherent in carrying on business in other countries. See the
Item 1A. Risk Factors
—
Global Operations
and
Item 1. Business
—
Government Regulation and Price Constraints
sections.
SALES AND MARKETING
Our prescription biopharmaceutical products are sold principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly to retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. Our vaccines in the U.S. are primarily sold directly to the federal government (including the CDC), wholesalers, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies and integrated delivery systems. Our vaccines outside the U.S. are primarily sold to government and non-government institutions. Certain of these government contracts may be renegotiated or terminated at the discretion of a government entity. For more information, see
Note
1G
and Note
17C
.
We also seek to gain access for our products on formularies, which are lists of approved medicines available to members of healthcare programs or PBMs in the U.S. Insurers and PBMs who design and negotiate formularies on their behalf use various benefit designs, such as tiered co-pays for formulary products, to drive utilization of products in preferred formulary positions, typically in exchange for a discount off the price of the medicine in the form of a rebate agreement. We may also work with payors on disease management programs that help to develop tools and materials to educate patients and physicians on key disease areas. For information on our significant customers, see
Note