circumstances that can lead to a goodwill impairment charge such as, among other things, unanticipated competition, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant adverse change in legal matters or in the business climate and/or a failure to replace the contributions of products that lose market exclusivity. Our other intangible assets, including developed technology rights and brands, face similar risks for impairment. Our equity-method investments may also be subject to impairment charges that may result from the occurrence of unexpected adverse events or management decisions that impact our estimates of expected cash flows to be generated from these investments. We may recognize impairment charges as a result of a weak economic environment, challenging market conditions, decisions by management, or events related to particular customers or asset types, such as the development of competing assets by us or others, regulatory actions or product recalls or withdrawals. Any such impairment charge of our intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments may be significant. See
Note 4
for a discussion of recent impairments of intangible assets. For additional details, see the
S
ignificant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions
—
Asset Impairments
section within MD&A.
CHANGES IN LAWS AND ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
Our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws, regulations or policies, or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in accounting standards, tariffs, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S., including, without limitation, the IRA, the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024 and potential changes to existing tax laws, tariffs, competition laws, privacy laws and environmental laws or changes to other laws, regulations and policies in the U.S., including by the U.S. Presidential administration and Congress, as well as in other countries. For example, issued or future executive orders or other new or changes in laws, regulations or policy regarding tariffs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings and financial guidance. The actual impact of the new tariffs on our business is subject to a number of factors including, but not limited to, restrictions on trade, the effective date and duration of such tariffs, countries included in the scope of tariffs, changes to amounts of tariffs, and potential retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries. See
Government Regulation and Price Constraints
for additional information regarding privacy and other laws. For additional information on changes in tax laws or rates or accounting standards, see the
Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income
and
New Accounting Standards
sections within MD&A and
Note 1B
.
Managing cybersecurity risk is a crucial part of our overall strategy for safely