and maximize operational efficiency
3.
Achieve commercial excellence in our key categories
4.
Optimize capital allocation.
We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our
capabilities. We assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy.
For a discussion of our strategy and our business development initiatives, see the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook
section within MD&A and
Note 2
.
COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS
We manage our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of three operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma, PC1 and Pfizer Ignite. Biopharma, our innovative science-based biopharmaceutical business, is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. PC1 is our contract development and manufacturing organization and a leading supplier of specialty active pharmaceutical ingredients. Pfizer Ignite is an offering that provides strategic guidance and end-to-end R&D services to select innovative biotech companies that align with our R&D focus areas. Biopharma is the only reportable segment. Our commercial divisions market, sell and distribute our products, and global operating functions are responsible for the research, development, manufacturing and supply of our products.
The commercial structure within our Biopharma reportable segment in 2024 was comprised of the Pfizer Oncology Division, the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division, and the Pfizer International Commercial Division:
•
Pfizer Oncology Division combined the U.S. Oncology commercial organizations, global Oncology marketing organizations and global and U.S. Oncology medical affairs from both Pfizer and Seagen (which we acquired in December 2023).
•
Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division included the U.S. Primary Care and U.S. Specialty Care customer groups, the Chief Marketing Office, the Global Chief Medical Affairs Office and Global Access & Value.
•
Pfizer International Commercial Division included the ex-U.S. commercial and medical affairs organizations covering Pfizer’s entire product portfolio in all international markets.
As part of our continued focus on commercial execution, at the beginning of 2025, we made changes in our commercial structure, which included the transition of all activities within the Pfizer Oncology Division to other parts of Biopharma, among other changes.