and other product-related legal proceedings. We inspected the Company’s minutes from meetings of the Audit Committee, which included the status of key litigation matters. We evaluated the Company’s ability to estimate its monetary exposure to pending product and other product-related legal proceedings by comparing historically recorded liabilities to actual monetary amounts incurred upon resolution of prior legal matters. We analyzed relevant publicly available information about the Company, its competitors, and the industry.
Evaluation of the fair value measurement of the developed technology rights and in-process research and development intangible assets acquired in the Seagen business combination
As discussed in
Note 2A
to the consolidated financial statements, on December 14, 2023, the Company acquired Seagen Inc. and its subsidiaries (Seagen). The total fair value of consideration transferred was $44.2 billion. Of that, the Company recorded $7.5 billion of developed technology rights with an estimated weighted-average life of approximately 18 years and $19.9 billion of in-process research and development (IPR&D). The preliminary estimates of the fair value of intangible assets were finalized during the measurement period in 2024.  As discussed in
Note 1
M
, the Company performs impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually and for all other long-lived assets whenever impairment indicators are present. When necessary, the Company records impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets.
We identified the evaluation of the fair value measurement of Seagen acquired developed technology rights and IPR&D as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate certain key assumptions used to estimate the acquisition-date fair value of the acquired developed technology rights and IPR&D, as well as the fair value for impairment testing purposes. Specifically, the key assumptions for certain IPR&D assets, including revenue growth rates, probability of technical and regulatory success (PTRS) rates, and the discount rate, and the key assumptions for certain developed technology rights, including revenue growth rates and the discount rate, represented subjective determinations of future market and economic conditions. Changes to those assumptions could have had a significant effect on the determination of the fair value measurements.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company’s valuation process, including controls related to the development of the key assumptions for certain IPR&D assets and developed technology rights. We performed sensitivity analyses over the key assumptions for certain IPR&D assets and developed technology rights to assess the