the Coverage Gap Discount Program and the addition of new manufacturer discounts in the initial and catastrophic coverage phases. We anticipate a net unfavorable impact to revenue in 2025 of approximately $1 billion, year-over-year, related to the Medicare Part D Redesign changes that take effect in 2025. We expect a higher impact in the beginning of 2025, moderating through the remainder of the year, when compared to 2024. We expect these changes will more acutely impact our higher-priced medicines as they are expected to reach catastrophic coverage earlier in the year. In addition, changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or the 340B Program, including legal or legislative developments at the federal or state level with respect to the 340B Program, could have a material impact on our business. See the
Item 1. Business
––
Pricing Pressures and Managed Care Organizations
and ––
Government Regulation and Price Constraints
and the
Item 1A. Risk Factors––Pricing and Reimbursement
sections, and the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook––Our Operating Environment
section of the MD&A of our 2024 Form 10-K
.
Product Supply
––We periodically encounter supply delays, disruptions and shortages, including due to voluntary product recalls and natural or man-made disasters. In response to requests from various regulatory authorities, manufacturers across the pharmaceutical industry, including Pfizer, are evaluating their product portfolios for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines and we are actively engaging with regulatory authorities on this topic. If nitrosamines are detected in products, this may lead to submission of comprehensive data packages to regulatory authorities to support discussions on the relevant intake limit for the product and potential impact on patient supply, and, in some instances, may lead to market action for such products. For example, in 2021, Pfizer recalled Chantix due to the presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline, at or above acceptable intake limits communicated by various regulatory authorities. Following issuance of updated guidance on acceptable intake limits for N-nitroso-varenicline by regulatory authorities, Chantix has returned to market in certain international markets and may return to additional markets, including the U.S., in the future.
We have not seen a significant disruption of our supply chain in the first three months of 2025 and through the date of filing of this Form 10-Q, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. We do not anticipate the availability of raw materials to have a significant impact on our operations in 2025, but are monitoring potential supply chain disruptions as a result of ongoing geopolitical and trade negotiations, which could, among other things, impact costs. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies to reduce any potential risk or impact including