favorable global income tax resolutions in multiple tax jurisdictions spanning multiple tax years, as well as a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings.
We elected, with the filing of our 2018 U.S. Federal Consolidated Income Tax Return, to pay our initial estimated $
15
billion repatriation tax liability on accumulated post-1986 foreign earnings (Transition Tax liability) over eight years through 2026. The seventh annual installment was paid by its April 15, 2025 due date and is reported in current
Income taxes payable
as of March 30, 2025. The remaining liability is reported in noncurrent
Other taxes payable.
Our obligations may vary due to the availability of attributes such as foreign tax and other credit carryforwards or carrybacks.
See
Note 5A
in our 2024 Form 10-K for information on our cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds.
13
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
B. Tax Contingencies
We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions, and a certain degree of estimation is required in recording the assets and liabilities related to income taxes. All of our tax positions are subject to audit by the local taxing authorities in each tax jurisdiction. These tax audits can involve complex issues, interpretations and judgments and the resolution of matters may span multiple years, particularly if subject to negotiation or litigation.
The U.S. is one of our major tax jurisdictions, and we are regularly audited by the IRS. Tax years 2019 - 2022 are under audit. The IRS audit of Pfizer’s federal income tax returns for years 2016-2018 is effectively settled but the statute of limitation remains open for these tax years. Tax years 2023-2025 are open but not under audit. All other tax years are closed. In addition to the open audit years in the U.S., we have open audit years and certain related audits, appeals and investigations in certain major international tax jurisdictions dating back to 2014.
See
Note 5D
in our 2024 Form 10-K.
C. Tax Provision/(Benefit) on Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
(a)
Taxes are not provided for foreign currency translation adjustments relating to investments in international subsidiaries that are expected to be held indefinitely.
Note 6.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Excluding Noncontrolling Interests
(a)
Amounts do not include foreign currency translation adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests.
(b)
Foreign currency translation adjustments include net gains/(losses) related to the impact of our net investment hedging program.
14
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
Note 7.
Financial Instruments
A. Fair Value Measurements
Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis and Fair Value Hierarchy, using a Market Approach:
(a)
Includes money market funds primarily invested in U.S. Treasury and government debt. As of December 31,