among other things, a realized gain of $
1.7
billion related to our investment in Telavant Holdings, Inc. and unrealized gains of $
297
million related to our investment in Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., partially offset by unrealized losses of $
292
million related to our investment in BioNTech. 2022 net losses included, among other things, unrealized losses of $
986
million related to investments in BioNTech, Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. and Arvinas.
(d)
2024 primarily includes certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. 2023 primarily included certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer and legal obligations related to pre-acquisition matters. 2022 primarily included certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer.
(e)
The amount for 2024 represents intangible asset impairment charges, and includes $
2.9
billion recorded in the fourth quarter associated with our Biopharma segment, due to changes in development plans and updated long-range commercial forecasts, composed of: (i) $
1.0
billion for B7H4V (felmetatug vedotin), a Phase 1 IPR&D asset, (ii) $
475
million for Medrol, a finite-lived brand, (iii) $
435
million for Zavzpret nasal spray developed technology rights, (iv) $
400
million and $
200
million for Tukysa and disitamab vedotin, respectively, IPR&D assets reflecting emerging competition, as well as (v) other developed technology rights, IPR&D impairments and a finite-lived licensing agreement totaling $
436
million which also includes de-prioritization of certain assets. 2024 also includes a $
240
million intangible asset impairment charge, associated with our Biopharma segment that represents IPR&D related to a Phase 3 study for the treatment of DMD, which reflects unfavorable clinical trial results. The amount for 2023 primarily represented intangible asset impairment charges of $
3.0
billion, of which $
2.9
billion was associated with our Biopharma segment ($
2.8
billion recorded in the fourth quarter), including: (i) $
1.4
billion for etrasimod (Velsipity) IPR&D, based on a change in development plans for additional indications and overall revenue expectations, (ii) $
964
million for Prevnar 13 developed technology rights due to updated commercial forecasts mainly reflecting a transition to vaccines with higher serotype coverage, as well as (iii) $
486
million for various other IPR&D assets and developed technology rights, due to updated commercial forecasts mainly reflecting competitive pressures and/or prioritization decisions. 2023 also included $
128
million associated with Other business activities, related to IPR&D and developed technology rights for acquired software assets and reflected unfavorable pivotal trial results and updated commercial forecasts. 2022 represented intangible asset impairment charges associated with our Biopharma