represents chargebacks, rebates, sales allowances and
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
sales returns. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment is required when estimating the impact of these product revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period.
Provisions for pharmaceutical sales returns––
Provisions are based on a calculation for each market that incorporates the following, as appropriate: local returns policies and practices; historical returns as a percentage of sales; an understanding of the reasons for past returns; estimated shelf life by product; an estimate of the amount of time between shipment and return or lag time; and any other factors that could impact the estimate of future returns, such as patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity, product recalls or a changing competitive environment. Generally, returned products are destroyed, and customers are refunded the sales price in the form of a credit.
We record sales incentives as a reduction of revenues at the time the related revenues are recorded or when the incentive is offered, whichever is later. We estimate the cost of our sales incentives based on our historical experience with similar incentives programs to predict customer behavior.
The following outlines our common sales arrangements:
•
Customers
––Our prescription biopharmaceutical products, with the exception of Paxlovid in 2022 and 2023, are sold principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly to retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. In 2022 and 2023, we principally sold Paxlovid globally to government agencies. Our vaccines in the U.S. are primarily sold directly to the federal government (including the CDC), wholesalers, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies and integrated delivery systems. Our vaccines outside the U.S. are primarily sold to government and non-government institutions. Certain products in our portfolio are subject to seasonality of demand and Paxlovid revenues trend with infection rates. Prescription pharmaceutical products that ultimately are used by patients are generally covered under governmental programs, managed care programs and insurance programs, including those managed through PBMs in the U.S; and are subject to sales allowances and/or rebates payable directly to those programs. Those sales allowances and rebates are generally negotiated, but government programs may have legislated amounts by type of product (e.g., patented or unpatented).
Specifically:
•
In the U.S., we sell our products principally to distributors and hospitals. We also have contracts with managed care programs or PBMs and legislatively mandated contracts with the federal and state governments under which we provide rebates based on medicines utilized by the lives they cover. We record provisions for Medicare, Medicaid, and performance-based contract