operating cash flows through achieving working capital efficiencies that target accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable, and other working capital. Excess cash from operating cash flows is invested in money market funds and available-for-sale debt securities which consist of primarily high-quality, highly liquid, well-diversified debt securities. We have taken, and will continue to take, a conservative approach to our financial investments and monitoring of our liquidity position in response to market changes. We typically maintain cash and cash equivalent balances and short-term investments which, together with our available revolving credit facilities, are in excess of our commercial paper and other short-term borrowings.
Additionally, we may obtain funding through short-term or long-term sources from our access to the capital markets, banking relationships and relationships with other financial intermediaries to meet our liquidity needs.
For additional information about the sources and uses of our funds and capital resources, see the
Analysis of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
section within MD&A.
Credit Ratings
––The cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings, and an increase or decrease in our credit rating could have a beneficial or adverse effect on financing. Our long-term debt is rated high-quality by both S&P and Moody’s.
These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
Capital Allocation Framework
––Our capital allocation framework is primarily devised to enhance shareholder value and is based on three core pillars: maintaining and growing our dividend over time, reinvesting in the business and making share repurchases after de-levering our balance sheet. See the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook
—
O
ur Business and Strategy
section within MD&A.
Dividends
—Our current and projected dividends provide a return to shareholders while maintaining sufficient capital to invest in growing our business. Our dividends are not restricted by debt covenants. While the dividend level remains a decision of Pfizer’s BOD and will continue to be evaluated in the context of future business performance, we currently believe that we can support future annual dividend increases, barring significant unforeseen events. On December 12, 2024, our BOD declared a first-quarter dividend of $0.43 per share, payable on March 7, 2025, to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 24, 2025. The first-quarter 2025 cash dividend will be our 345th consecutive quarterly dividend.
Common Stock Purchases
—As of December 31, 2024, our remaining share-purchase authorization was $3.3 billion with no repurchases in 2024. See
Note 12
.
Haleon
—After our sales of a portion of our Haleon shares in