Environment––Pipeline Productivity
––
Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, JVs, licensing or other arrangements. As a result, we devote considerable resources to our R&D activities which, while essential to our growth, incorporate a high degree of risk and cost, including whether a particular product candidate or new indication for an in-line product will achieve the desired clinical endpoint or safety profile, will be approved by regulators or will be successful commercially. Clinical trials are conducted to determine, among other things, whether an investigational drug, vaccine or device is safe and effective for a particular patient population. After a product has been approved or authorized and launched, we continue to monitor its safety as long as it is available to patients, including conducting postmarketing trials, voluntarily or pursuant to a regulatory request. For the entire life of the product, we collect safety data and report safety information to the FDA and other regulators. Regulatory authorities evaluate potential safety concerns and take any regulatory action deemed necessary and appropriate. Such action(s) may include: updating a product’s labeling, restricting its use, communicating new safety information or, in rare cases, seeking to suspend or remove a product from the market.
Intellectual Property Rights and Collaboration/Licensing Rights
––
The loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and judgments, and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. While additional patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries in 2025 and anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience these expirations. We continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access.
For additional information on patent rights we consider most significant to our business as a whole, see the
Item 1. Business––Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section. For a discussion of recent developments with respect to patent litigation involving certain of our products, see
Note 16A1