role in setting prices, access criteria (e.g., through health technology assessments) or other means of cost control. For additional information on government pricing pressures, see the
Item 1. Business—Government Regulation and Price Constraints
section.
We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts, sanctions and impediments that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales; increased costs; volatility in foreign exchange rates; a decline in the value of our financial assets and pension plan investments; required increases of our pension funding obligations; increased government cost control efforts; delays or failures in the performance of customers, suppliers and other third parties on whom we may depend for the performance of our business; and the risk that our allowance for doubtful accounts may not be adequate. In addition, issued or future executive orders or other new or changes in laws, regulations or policy regarding tariffs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings and financial guidance. The actual impact of the new tariffs on our business is subject to a number of factors including, but not limited to, restrictions on trade, the effective date and duration of such tariffs, countries included in the scope of tariffs, changes to amounts of tariffs, and potential retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries.
We operate in many countries and transact in many different currencies. Changes in the value of those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, or high inflation or deflation in those countries, can impact our revenues, costs and expenses and our financial guidance. Significant portions of our revenues, costs and expenses, as well as our substantial international net assets, are exposed to exchange rate changes. In 2024, 39% of our total revenues were derived from international operations, including 19% from Europe and 13% from China, Japan and the rest of the Asia Pacific region. Future changes in exchange rates or economic conditions and the impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition or business are difficult to predict. For additional information about our exposure to foreign currency risk, see the
Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk
section within MD&A.
In addition, our borrowing, pension benefit and postretirement benefit obligations and interest-bearing investments are subject to risk from changes in interest and exchange rates. The risks related to interest-bearing investments and borrowings and the measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the
Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk
section within MD&A and
Note 7E
. For additional details on critical accounting estimates and assumptions for our benefit plans, see the
Significant Accounting Policies