information for several of our major products:
30
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
(a)
Reflects Alliance revenues and product revenues.
(b)
The amount for 2024 included a $
771
million favorable final adjustment to the estimated non-cash revenue reversal of $
3.5
billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting
5.1
million EUA-labeled treatment courses returned by the U.S. government through February 29, 2024 versus the estimated
6.5
million treatment courses that were expected to be returned as of December 31, 2023.
(c)
Primarily reflects Alliance revenues and royalty revenues.
(d)
Biosimilars are highly similar versions of approved and authorized biological medicines. Oncology biosimilars primarily include Ruxience, Retacrit, Trazimera, Zirabev and Nivestym.
(e)
Erbitux
®
is a registered trademark of ImClone LLC.
(f)
PC1 includes revenues from our contract manufacturing and our active pharmaceutical ingredient sales operation, as well as revenues related to our manufacturing and supply agreements with legacy Pfizer businesses/partnerships.
(g)
Refer to
Note 13A
above.
Remaining Performance Obligations––
Contracted revenue expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for firm orders in long-term contracts to supply Comirnaty and Paxlovid to our customers totaled approximately $
3
billion and $
1
billion, respectively, as of March 30, 2025, which includes amounts received in advance and deferred, as well as amounts that will be invoiced as we deliver these products to our customers in future periods. Of these amounts, current contract terms provide for expected delivery of product with contracted revenue from 2025 through 2028, the timing of which may be renegotiated. Remaining performance obligations are based on foreign exchange rates as of the end of our fiscal first quarter of 2025 and exclude arrangements with an original expected contract duration of less than one year. Remaining performance obligations associated with contracts for other products and services were not significant as of March 30, 2025 or December 31, 2024.
Deferred Revenues––
Our deferred revenues primarily relate to advance payments received or receivable from various government or government sponsored customers for supply of Paxlovid and Comirnaty. The deferred revenues related to Paxlovid and Comirnaty totaled $
1.9
billion as of March 30, 2025, with $
932
million and $
977
million recorded in current
31
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
liabilities and noncurrent liabilities, respectively. The deferred revenues related to Paxlovid and Comirnaty totaled $
2.2
billion as of December 31, 2024, with $
1.4
billion and $
785
million recorded in current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities, respectively. The decrease in Paxlovid and Comirnaty deferred revenues during the first three months of 2025 was primarily