acquired from Seagen ($
25
million pre-tax); as well as (iii) depreciation expense related to the fair value adjustment of fixed assets acquired from Seagen ($
2
million pre-tax).
The following table provides unaudited U.S. GAAP supplemental pro forma information as if the acquisition of Seagen had occurred on January 1, 2022:
The unaudited supplemental pro forma consolidated results do not purport to reflect what the combined company’s results of operations would have been had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2022, nor do they project the future results of operations of the combined company or reflect the expected realization of any cost savings associated with the acquisition. The actual results of operations of the combined company may differ significantly from the pro forma information reflected here due to many factors.
The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information includes various assumptions, including those related to the purchase price allocation of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed from Seagen. The historical U.S. GAAP financial information of Pfizer and Seagen was adjusted, primarily for the following pre-tax adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:
•
Additional amortization expense of approximately $
553
million and $
576
million, respectively, related to the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired.
•
Additional expense related to the fair value adjustment to acquisition-date inventory estimated to have been sold of approximately $
755
million and $
934
million, respectively.
•
Additional estimated interest expense of approximately $
984
million and $
2.0
billion, respectively, related to the debt issued by Pfizer and the commercial paper borrowings to partially finance the acquisition.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
•
Elimination of interest income of approximately $
1.2
billion and $
267
million, respectively, related to the debt issuance proceeds that were invested prior to the acquisition date and associated with money market funds under the assumption that a portion of these funds would have been liquidated to partially finance the acquisition.
The above adjustments were then adjusted for the applicable tax impact using an estimated weighted-average statutory tax rate applied to the applicable pro forma adjustments.
The acquisition of Seagen had no impact on Pfizer’s weighted-average shares as
no
shares were issued.
GBT––
On October 5, 2022, we acquired GBT, a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development and delivery of life-changing treatments for underserved patient communities, starting with sickle cell disease, for $
68.50
per share in cash. The total fair value of the consideration transferred was $
5.7
billion ($
5.2
billion, net of cash acquired). In addition, $
136
million in payments to GBT employees for the fair value of previously unvested long-term incentive awards was recognized as