present value amount. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
For all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subsequent goodwill impairment testing. For a list of these factors, see the
Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Result
s
and the
Item 1A. Risk Factors
sections.
Benefit Plans
For a description of our different benefit plans, see
Note 11
.
Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and our judgment regarding future expectations that have been deemed reasonable by management. The judgments made in determining the costs of our benefit plans can materially impact our results of operations.
(a)
For detailed assumptions associated with our benefit plans, see
Note 11B
.
Expected Annual Rate of Return on Plan Assets
––The assumptions for the expected annual rate of return on all of our plan assets reflect our actual historical return experience and our long-term assessment of forward-looking return expectations by asset classes, which is used to develop a weighted-average expected return based on the implementation of our targeted asset allocation in our respective plans.
The expected annual rate of return on plan assets for our U.S. plans and international plans is applied to the fair value of plan assets at each year-end and the resulting amount is reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year. Differences between the actual rate of return on plan assets and the expected annual rate of return on plan assets are immediately recognized through earnings upon remeasurement.
(a)
The estimate excludes any potential mark-to-market adjustments.
The actual return on plan assets was $652 million during 2024
.
Discount Rate Used to Measure Plan Obligations
––The weighted-average discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our U.S. defined benefit plans is determined at least annually and evaluated and modified, as required, to reflect the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed income investments, rated AA/Aa or better, that reflect the rates at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. The discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our significant international plans is determined at least annually by reference to investment grade corporate bonds, rated AA/Aa or better, including, when there is sufficient data, a yield-curve approach. These discount