basic product patent expires, are as follows:
(1)
Unless otherwise indicated, the years pertain to the basic product patent expiration, including granted PTEs, supplementary protection certificates (SPC) or pediatric exclusivity periods. SPCs are included when granted in three out of five major European markets (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the U.K.). Noted in parentheses is the projected year of expiry of the earliest pending patent term extension in the U.S. or Japan and/or SPC application in Europe, the term of which, if granted, may be shorter than originally requested due to a number of factors. In some instances, there are later-expiring patents relating to our products which may or may not protect our product from generic or biosimilar competition after the expiration of the basic patent.
(2)
Expiry is provided by regulatory exclusivity in this market.
(3)
The Europe patent that covers the combination of the 13 serotype conjugates of Prevenar
13 was revoked following an opposition and has now been withdrawn. There are other Europe patents and pending applications covering the formulation, various aspects of the manufacturing process, and the combination of serotype conjugates of Prevenar
13 that remain in force.
(4)
Eliquis was developed and is being commercialized in collaboration with BMS. In the U.S., we and BMS previously settled certain patent litigations with a number of generic companies permitting their launch of a generic version of Eliquis on April 1, 2028 (the settled generic companies). We continued to litigate against three remaining generic companies and following the resolution of the litigation in our favor, the three generic companies are not permitted to launch their products until the 2031 expiration date of the formulation patent. Both the composition of matter patent expiring in November 2026 and the formulation patent expiring in 2031 may be subject to future challenges. While we cannot predict the outcome of any potential future litigation, there are certain potential alternatives that might occur which could potentially permit generic launch prior to April 1, 2028: (i) if the formulation patent is held invalid or not infringed in future litigation, through appeal, the settled generic companies and any successful future litigant would be permitted to launch on November 21, 2026; or (ii) if both patents are held invalid or not infringed in future litigation, through appeal, the settled generic companies and any successful future litigant could launch products immediately upon such an adverse decision. Refer to
Note 16A1
for more information.
(5)
On October 31, 2023, the U.K. Supreme Court refused BMS’s permission to appeal in relation to the judgment that found the apixaban basic product patent and associated SPC invalid. Additional challenges are pending in other jurisdictions.
(6)
Xtandi is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Astellas, which has exclusive commercialization rights for Xtandi