allowable expenses in the U.S. for Orgovyx. Pfizer does not have rights outside of this market. Separately, in December 2024, the companies terminated their collaboration with respect to the relugolix combination tablet.
•
Padcev
(enfortumab vedotin-ejfv) is a first-in-class ADC that is directed to Nectin-4, a protein located on the surface of cells and highly expressed in bladder cancer, that is being co-developed and jointly commercialized with Astellas. In the U.S., Padcev has been approved for use with Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer. Other approvals and indications for Padcev vary by market. In the U.S., Pfizer and Astellas jointly promote, and we record net sales and are responsible for all U.S. distribution activities for Padcev. The companies each bear the costs of their own sales organizations in the U.S., and equally share certain other costs associated with commercializing and any profits realized for Padcev in the U.S. Outside the U.S., we have commercialization rights in all countries in North and South America, and Astellas has commercialization rights in the rest of the world. The agreement between us and Astellas provides that the companies will effectively equally share in profits realized in markets outside of the U.S. through: (i) a costs-incurred and profit-sharing mechanism based on product sales and costs of commercialization in certain markets and (ii) a royalty-payment mechanism intended to approximate an equal profit share for both parties in the remaining markets.
•
Adcetris
(brentuximab vedotin) is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Takeda. Pfizer has commercialization rights for Adcetris in the U.S. and its territories and in Canada. Takeda has commercialization rights in the rest of the world and pays Pfizer a royalty based on a percentage of Takeda's net sales of Adcetris in its licensed territories, based on annual net sales tiers.
In addition, we have collaboration and/or co-promotion arrangements with respect to certain other biopharmaceutical products, including, among others, certain of those described in the
Item 1. Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section.
Revenues associated with these arrangements are included in
Alliance revenues
(except in certain markets where we have direct sales and except for the majority of revenues for Comirnaty and Padcev, which are included in
Product revenues
). In addition, we have collaboration arrangements for the development and commercialization of certain pipeline products that are in development stage, including, among others certain of those described in the
Product Developments
section within MD&A. For further discussion of collaboration and co-promotion agreements, see the
Item 1. Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section
,
the
Item 1A. Risk Factors—Collaborations and Other Relationships with Third Parties
section and
Notes 2
and
17
.