jointly developed and commercialized with Astellas.
(f)
Keytruda
®
is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.
(g)
Tivdak is being developed in collaboration with Genmab A/S.
(h)
In September 2024, the European Commission (EC) approved the Pfizer/BioNTech Omicron KP.2-adapted monovalent COVID-19 vaccine for active immunization to prevent COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 in individuals 6 months of age and older. U.S. approval (August 2024) is for individuals 12 years of age and older, with EUA granted for individuals 6 months through 11 years of age.
(i)
Adcetris is being developed in collaboration with Takeda. Takeda has ex-U.S./Canada rights.
(j)
Eliquis is being developed in collaboration with BMS. U.S. approval is for children 5 days and older; EU approval is for children 28 days and older.
41
The following provides information about additional indications and new drug candidates in late-stage development:
(a)
Ibrance for ER+/HER2+ metastatic breast cancer is being developed in collaboration with Alliance Foundation Trials, LLC.
(b)
Padcev is being jointly developed and commercialized with Astellas.
(c)
VLA15 is being developed in collaboration with Valneva SE.
(d)
Vepdegestrant is being developed in collaboration with Arvinas, Inc.
(e)
Disitamab vedotin is being developed in collaboration with RemeGen Co., Ltd.
In September 2024, Pfizer announced that it was voluntarily withdrawing all lots of Oxbryta (voxelotor) for the treatment of sickle cell disease in all markets where it is approved. Pfizer also discontinued all active voxelotor clinical trials and expanded access programs worldwide. Pfizer’s decision was based on the totality of clinical data that indicated at that time the overall benefit of Oxbryta no longer outweighed the risk in the approved sickle cell patient population. The data suggested an imbalance in vaso-occlusive crises and fatal events, which required further assessment. Pfizer has notified regulatory authorities about these findings and its decision to voluntarily withdraw Oxbryta from the market and discontinue distribution and clinical studies while further reviewing the available data and investigating the findings. In July 2024, the EMA initiated a referral procedure under Article 20 of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 for Oxbryta (voxelotor) to review the product’s benefits and risks. In October 2024, the EC suspended the Oxbryta marketing authorization while the EMA’s review of data is ongoing. In addition, the FDA has initiated an evaluation of newly identified safety signals. The FDA also has placed the Oxbryta (voxelotor) investigational new drug application on clinical hold following Pfizer’s market withdrawal. Pfizer is continuing to work with the EMA, FDA, and other regulators globally in relation to this matter.
In December 2024, the FDA issued a partial clinical hold for osivelotor, which prohibits Pfizer from enrolling new participants into osivelotor clinical studies