Beginning in August 2022,
two
generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of Mektovi. The companies assert the invalidity and non-infringement of
two
method of use patents expiring in 2030, a method of use patent expiring in 2031,
two
method of use patents expiring in 2033, and a product by process patent expiring in 2033. Beginning in September 2022, we brought patent infringement actions against both of the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of all
six
patents. In January 2025, we settled with
one
of the generic companies on terms not material to us.
In August 2022, we received notice from Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Teva) that it had filed an ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Mektovi. Teva asserts the invalidity and non-infringement of
two
method of use patents expiring in 2033 and a product by process patent expiring in 2033. In June 2023, we brought a patent infringement action against Teva in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the
three
patents.
Vyndaqel-Vyndamax (tafamidis/tafamidis meglumine)
Beginning in June 2023, several generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of tafamidis capsules (61 mg) or tafamidis meglumine capsules (20 mg), challenging some or all of the patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Vyndamax (tafamidis) and Vyndaqel (tafamidis meglumine). Scripps Research Institute (Scripps) owns the composition of matter patent and the method of treatment patents covering the products, and Pfizer
22
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
is the exclusive licensee. Pfizer separately owns the crystalline form patent. Beginning in August 2023, we and Scripps brought patent infringement actions against the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the patents in suit. Pfizer is the sole plaintiff in actions that assert only the infringement and validity of the crystalline form patent.
Oxbryta (voxelotor)
In January 2024, Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc., Zydus Lifesciences Limited, and Zydus Worldwide DMCC (collectively, Zydus) and MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc. and MSN Laboratories Private Ltd. (collectively, MSN) separately notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of voxelotor tablets, challenging some of the patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Oxbryta (voxelotor tablets in 300 mg and 500 mg strengths and/or for oral suspension) on non-infringement grounds. In March 2024, we filed patent infringement actions against both generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the challenged