exclusivity expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience these expirations. In addition, patents covering a number of our best-selling products are, or have been, the subject of pending legal challenges. For additional information on our patents, see the
Item 1. Business
—
Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section. For Comirnaty and Paxlovid, while we believe that these products have the potential to provide ongoing stable revenue streams for Pfizer for the foreseeable future, revenues of these products have decreased substantially over time. For Paxlovid, utilization is expected to follow infection trends, and revenues may fluctuate based on the timing, duration and severity of COVID-19 infections. For information on risks associated with Comirnaty and Paxlovid, see the
COVID-19
section below.
In addition, certain of our customers account for a significant portion of our revenues. If one of our significant customers should encounter financial or other difficulties, it might decrease the amount of business such customer does with us and/or we might be unable to timely collect all the amounts that such customer owes us or at all, which could negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, we expect that consolidation and integration of pharmacy chains and wholesalers will increase competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us. See
Note 17C
for a discussion of our significant customers.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
The discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, JVs, licensing or other arrangements. Growth depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payors. However, balancing current growth, investment for future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. The costs of product development continue to be high and are growing, as are regulatory requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the complexity of drug trials, and the number of candidates we are able to fund as well as the sustainability of the R&D portfolio. Decisions made early in the development process of a drug or vaccine candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payor reimbursement possibilities if the candidate receives regulatory approval. We try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial