advocate for solutions that effectively improve patient health outcomes, lower costs to the healthcare system, and help ensure access to medicines and vaccines within an efficient and affordable healthcare system. This includes assessing our go-to market model to help address patient affordability challenges. We have engaged with major payors and the U.S. government to explore opportunities to improve access and reimbursement in an effort to drive pro-patient policies. In addition, in response to the evolving U.S. and global healthcare spending landscape, we work with health authorities, health technology assessment and quality measurement bodies and major U.S. payors throughout the product-development process to better understand how these entities value our compounds and products. Further, we are developing stronger support designed to demonstrate the value of the medicines and vaccines that we discover or develop, register and manufacture.
For information on government pricing pressures, see the
Item 1. Business
—
Government Regulation and Price Constraints
and
Item 1A. Risk Factors
—
Pricing and Reimbursement
sections.
Managed Care Organizations.
The evolution of managed care in the U.S. has been a major factor in the competitiveness of the healthcare marketplace. Approximately 317 million people in the U.S. now have some form of health insurance coverage, and the marketing of prescription drugs and vaccines to both consumers and the entities that manage coverage in the U.S. continues to grow in importance. In particular, the influence of MCOs has increased in recent years due to the growing number of patients receiving coverage through MCOs. At the same time, consolidation in the MCO industry has resulted in fewer, even larger MCOs, which enhances those MCOs’ ability to negotiate lower pricing and further increases their importance to our business. Since MCOs purport to seek to contain and reduce healthcare expenditures, their growing influence has increased downward pressure on drug prices, as well as negatively impacted revenues.
MCOs and their PBMs typically negotiate prices with pharmaceutical providers by using formularies (which are lists of approved medicines available to MCO members), clinical protocols (which require prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or require the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine), long-term contracts and their ability to influence volume and market share of prescription drugs. In addition, by placing branded medicines on higher-tier or non-preferred status in their formularies, MCOs transfer to the patient higher patient out-of-pocket expenses. This financial disincentive is a tool for MCOs to manage drug costs and channel patients to medicines preferred by the MCOs. We expect payment reforms for MCOs will continue to evolve with increased emphasis on expanded participation and on removing barriers to