improved health outcomes and decreased drug prices as key indicators of progress towards its healthcare reform. State owned hospitals and the state insurance program account for the vast majority of all drug purchases. For patented innovative products, drug prices have decreased dramatically as a result of adding innovative drugs (including oncology medicines and medicines for chronic diseases) to the National Reimbursement Drug List via access-price negotiation. A centralized VBP program with a tendering process implemented at both the national level and the provincial level aims to contain healthcare costs by driving utilization of generics that have passed QCE. This has resulted in further lowering the price of medicines, especially off-patent medicines; this trend is expected to continue. China is continuing its use of Health Technology Assessment and is controlling mark-ups within the country using a two-invoice limited system, aiming to regulate the pricing of pharmaceutical products and certain types of medical devices. Pfizer, along with most off-patent originators, has mostly not been successful in the VBP bidding process. The government has indicated that additional drugs which are past patent-based exclusivity expiry (including biological products) could be subjected to VBP qualification in future rounds. Certain of our products, such as Xeljanz, Unasyn, Hemabate and Ibrance, were included as candidates in the tenth national VBP round in 2024, and Pfizer was not successful in the bidding process for such products. While certain details of future QCE expansion have been made available, we are unable to determine the impact on our business of the various pricing measures underway.
Healthcare Provider Transparency and Disclosures.
Several countries have implemented laws requiring (or industry trade associations have recommended) disclosure of transfers of value made by pharmaceutical companies to healthcare providers and/or healthcare organizations, such as academic teaching hospitals.
Intellectual Property
.
Reliable patent protection and enforcement around the world are among the key factors we consider for continued business and R&D investment. The WTO Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (WTO-TRIPS) requires participant countries to provide patent and other intellectual property-related protection for pharmaceutical products by law, with a time-limited exemption provided for least-developed countries. While some countries have made improvements, we still face patent grant, enforcement and other intellectual property challenges in many countries.
While the global intellectual property policy environment has generally improved following implementation of WTO-TRIPS and bilateral/multilateral trade agreements, our growth and ability to bring new product innovation to patients depends on maintaining those standards and further progress in intellectual property protection. In certain developed international