U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware as described below.
In August 2024, we brought a patent infringement action against SpecGx LLC (SpecGX) asserting the infringement and validity of our composition of matter patent, covering immediate release formulations of tofacitinib that was challenged by SpecGX in its ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of tofacitinib 5 mg and 10 mg immediate release tablets. In November 2024, we settled the action against SpecGX on terms not material to us.
In October 2024, we brought a patent infringement action against Breckenridge Pharmaceutical, Inc. (Breckenridge) asserting the infringement and validity of our composition of patent, covering immediate release formulations of tofacitinib that was challenged by Breckenridge in its ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of tofacitinib 10 mg immediate release tablets. In November 2024, we settled the action against Breckenridge on terms not material to us.
In December 2024, we brought a patent infringement action against Alkem Laboratories Ltd. (Alkem) asserting the infringement and validity of our composition of matter patent, covering immediate release formulations of tofacitinib that was challenged by Alkem in its ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of tofacitinib 5 mg and 10 mg immediate release tablets.
Mektovi (binimetinib)
Beginning in August 2022,
two
generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of Mektovi. The companies assert the invalidity and non-infringement of
two
method of use patents expiring in 2030, a method of use patent expiring in 2031,
two
method of use patents expiring in 2033, and a product by process patent expiring in 2033. Beginning in September 2022, we brought patent infringement actions against both of the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of all
six
patents. In January 2025, we settled with
one
of the generic companies on terms not material to us.
In August 2022, we received notice from Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Teva) that it had filed an ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Mektovi. Teva asserts the invalidity and non-infringement of
two
method of use patents expiring in 2033 and a product by process patent expiring in 2033. In June 2023, we brought a patent infringement action against Teva in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the
three
patents.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Vyndaqel-Vyndamax (tafamidis/tafamidis meglumine)
Beginning in June 2023, several generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of tafamidis capsules (61 mg) or tafamidis meglumine capsules (20 mg), challenging some or all of the patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Vyndamax