significant customers, see
Note 17C
.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
With respect to our investments, we monitor concentrations of credit risk associated with government, government agency, and corporate issuers of securities. Investments are placed in instruments that are investment grade and are primarily short in duration. Exposure limits are established to limit a concentration with any single credit counterparty. As of December 31, 2024, the largest investment exposures in our portfolio consisted primarily of U.S. government money market funds, as well as sovereign debt instruments issued by the U.S., Canada, and the U.K.
With respect to our derivative financial instrument agreements with financial institutions, we do not expect to incur a significant loss from failure of any counterparty. Derivative financial instruments are executed under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements with credit-support annexes that contain zero threshold provisions requiring collateral to be exchanged daily depending on levels of exposure. As a result, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual financial institution. As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate fair value of these derivative financial instruments that are in a net payable position was $
741
million, for which we have posted collateral of $
720
million with a corresponding amount reported in
Short-term investments
. As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate fair value of our derivative financial instruments that are in a net receivable position was $
594
million, for which we have received collateral of $
716
million with a corresponding amount reported in
Short-term borrowings, including current portion of long-term debt.
Note 8.
Other Financial Information
A. Inventories
(a)
The increase from December 31, 2023 reflects higher inventory levels for certain products mainly due to changes in net market demand, network strategy and new product launches.
(b)
Included in
Other noncurrent assets
. The decrease from December 31, 2023 is primarily driven by a reduction in acquired Seagen inventory, inclusive of the acquisition accounting fair value step up. See
Note 2A
. Based on our current estimates and assumptions, there are no recoverability issues for these amounts.
B. Other Current Liabilities
Other current liabilities
include, among other things, amounts payable to BioNTech for the gross profit split for Comirnaty, which totaled $
1.3
billion as of December 31, 2024 and $
2.0
billion as of December 31, 2023.
C. Supplier Finance Program Obligation
We maintain voluntary supply chain finance agreements with several participating financial institutions. Under these agreements, participating suppliers may voluntarily elect to sell their accounts receivable with Pfizer to these financial institutions. Our suppliers negotiate their financing agreements directly with the respective financial institutions and