Officer. Our CODM uses the revenues and earnings of the operating segments, among other factors, for performance evaluation and resource allocation. The CODM uses segment revenues and earnings in the annual budgeting process when setting strategic goals for the company and considers periodic budget-to-actual variances in segment revenues and earnings when assessing performance of the segments and making decisions about allocating resources to the operating segments. By analyzing segment financial results, the CODM can discern trends, which can inform decisions that align with the company’s goals and objectives, and
help ensure r
isks are managed appropriately.
We regularly review our operating segments and the approach used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources.
Our commercial divisions market, sell and distribute our products, and global operating functions are responsible for the research, development, manufacturing and supply of our products. Each operating segment is supported by our global corporate enabling functions.
At the beginning of 2024, we made changes in our commercial organization to incorporate Seagen and improve focus, speed and execution.
The commercial structure within our Biopharma reportable segment in 2024 was comprised of
the Pfizer Oncology Division, the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division, and the Pfizer International Commercial Division:
•
Pfizer Oncology Division combined the U.S. Oncology commercial organizations, global Oncology marketing organizations and global and U.S. Oncology medical affairs from both Pfizer and Seagen.
•
Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division included the U.S. Primary Care and U.S. Specialty Care customer groups, the Chief Marketing Office, the Global Chief Medical Affairs Office and Global Access & Value.
•
Pfizer International Commercial Division included the ex-U.S. commercial and medical affairs organizations covering Pfizer’s entire product portfolio in all international markets.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Beginning January 1, 2024, Biopharma’s earnings include costs related to manufacturing and supply, sales and marketing activities, R&D, and medical and safety activities that are associated with products in our Biopharma segment. Prior to 2024, overhead costs associated with our manufacturing operations and costs associated with R&D and medical and safety activities managed by our global ORD and PRD organizations in 2024 were presented as part of Other business activities. We have reclassified our prior period segment information to conform to the current period presentation.
•
ORD was responsible in 2024 for discovery to late-phase clinical development for oncology research projects for our global portfolio along with facilitating regulatory submissions and interactions with regulatory agencies for these projects. R&D spending may include upfront and milestone payments for intellectual property rights for oncology projects.