sought, if specified; our view of the merits of the claims and of the strength of our defenses; whether the action purports to be, or is, a class action and, if not certified, our view of the likelihood that a class will be certified by the court; the jurisdiction in which the proceeding is pending; whether related actions have been transferred to multidistrict litigation; any experience that we or, to our knowledge, other companies have had in similar proceedings; whether disclosure of the action would be important to a reader of our financial statements, including whether disclosure might change a reader’s judgment about our financial statements in light of all of the information that is available to the reader; the potential impact of the proceeding on our reputation; and the extent of public interest in the matter. In addition, with respect to patent matters in which we are the plaintiff, we consider, among other things, the financial significance of the product protected by the patent(s) at issue. Some
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
of the matters discussed below include those which management believes that the likelihood of possible loss in excess of amounts accrued is remote.
A1. Legal Proceedings––Patent Litigation
We are involved in suits relating to our patents (or those of our collaboration/licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promotion rights), including but not limited to, those discussed below. We face claims by generic drug manufacturers that patents covering our products (or those of our collaboration/licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promotion rights and to which we may or may not be a party), processes or dosage forms are invalid and/or do not cover the product of the generic drug manufacturer. Also, counterclaims, as well as various independent actions, have been filed alleging that our assertions of, or attempts to enforce, patent rights with respect to certain products constitute unfair competition and/or violations of antitrust laws. In addition to the challenges to the U.S. patents that are discussed below, patent rights to certain of our products or those of our collaboration/licensing partners are being challenged in various other jurisdictions. Some of our collaboration or licensing partners face challenges to the validity of their patent rights in non-U.S. jurisdictions. For example, in April 2022, the U.K. High Court issued a judgment finding invalid a BMS patent related to Eliquis due to expire in 2026. In May 2023, the Court of Appeal dismissed BMS’s appeal and in October 2023, the Supreme Court refused BMS permission to appeal. Additional challenges are pending in other jurisdictions. Also, in July 2022, CureVac AG (CureVac) brought a patent infringement action against BioNTech and certain of its subsidiaries in the German Regional Court alleging that Comirnaty infringes certain German utility model patents and certain expired and