out of, or related to, the agricultural business, and has been indemnifying Pharmacia when liability has been imposed or settlement has been reached regarding such claims and litigation.
In connection with its spin-off in 1997, Solutia assumed, and agreed to indemnify Pharmacia for, liabilities related to Former Monsanto’s chemical businesses. As the result of its reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, Solutia’s indemnification obligations relating to Former Monsanto’s chemical businesses are primarily limited to sites that Solutia has owned or operated. In addition, in connection with its spin-off that was completed in 2002, New Monsanto assumed, and agreed to indemnify Pharmacia for, any liabilities primarily related to Former Monsanto’s chemical businesses, including, but not limited to, any such liabilities that Solutia assumed. Solutia’s and New Monsanto’s assumption of, and agreement to indemnify Pharmacia for, these liabilities apply to pending actions and any future actions related to Former Monsanto’s chemical businesses in which Pharmacia is named as a defendant, including, without limitation, actions asserting environmental claims, including alleged exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls. Solutia and/or New Monsanto are defending Pharmacia in connection with various claims and litigation arising out of, or related to, Former Monsanto’s chemical businesses, and have been indemnifying Pharmacia when liability has been imposed or settlement has been reached regarding such claims and litigation. In 2018, Bayer AG acquired Monsanto Company (New Monsanto), which is now a subsidiary of Bayer AG. Since the acquisition, New Monsanto has continued to defend and indemnify Pharmacia for these liabilities.
Environmental Matters
In 2009, as part of our acquisition of Wyeth, we assumed responsibility for environmental remediation at the Wyeth Holdings LLC (formerly known as Wyeth Holdings Corporation and American Cyanamid Company) discontinued industrial chemical facility in Bound Brook, New Jersey. Since that time, we have executed or have become a party to a number of administrative settlement agreements, orders on consent, and/or judicial consent decrees, with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection and/or federal and state natural resource trustees to perform remedial design, removal and remedial actions, and related environmental remediation activities, and to resolve alleged damages to natural resources, at the Bound Brook facility. We have accrued for the currently estimated costs of these activities.
We are also party to a number of other proceedings brought under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, and other state, local or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the cost of past and/or future remediation.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Contracts