workers receive EHS training relevant to their job roles, including measures to prevent workplace incidents and injuries. In addition, we conduct workplace assessments, inspections, and audits to evaluate and continuously improve our EHS arrangements.
We are committed to supporting and encouraging our colleagues' well-being. We use results from Pfizer Pulse and other colleague feedback forums to inform the wellness services we offer, such as (i) a Wellness Day for every colleague; (ii) on-site health clinics for colleagues in select locations, with access to certain vaccinations, where allowed by law; (iii) digital accessibility cafés providing colleagues with disabilities tools and equipment to do their jobs effectively; (iv) measures to assist those with neurodiverse conditions, such as sensory rooms and noise cancelling headphones; (v) a toolkit to aid in accommodation needs, education for managers and additional tools to help those who need any type of assistance to perform their roles; this includes on demand American Sign Language (ASL) services; (vi) mental health resources, including a manager/team toolkit designed to facilitate conversations, actively support coworkers, and provide local resources for colleagues to access services; (vii) programming through Employee Assistance Program (EAP) providers, including our mental health partner, THRIVE, our fitness partner, Exos, and our healthcare partner, Kepro; (viii) financial support, including short-term loans and natural disaster relief; and (ix) work policies to help enable colleagues to work effectively from home and their local offices, including our "Flex10" program that offers colleagues in hybrid roles 10 workdays per year to work from a different location within their country.
Pay Equity.
Our commitment to pay equity for all colleagues is based in our values and our intention to continue to build a highly motivated workforce.
We are committed to equitable pay practices at Pfizer for employees based on role, education, experience, performance, and location and we conduct and report publicly on pay equity on an annual basis.
This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. Additionally, our business is subject to general risks applicable to any company, such as economic conditions, geopolitical events, extreme weather and natural disasters. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. The following