17C
.
We promote our products to healthcare providers and patients consistent with applicable laws. Through our marketing organizations, we explain the approved uses, benefits and risks of our products to healthcare providers and patients and, in the U.S., to MCOs that provide insurance coverage, such as hospitals, integrated delivery systems, PBMs and health plans; and employers and government agencies who hire MCOs to provide health benefits to their employees. In the U.S. and select international markets, we market directly to consumers through direct-to-consumer advertising that seeks to communicate the approved uses, benefits and risks of our products while motivating people to have
meaningful conversations with their doctors. In addition, we sponsor general advertising to educate the public on disease awareness, prevention and wellness, important public health issues and our patient assistance programs.
As part of our commitment to engaging our customers in a manner they prefer, we take an omnichannel approach, including both virtual and in person interactions, and see generally positive customer response to both approaches.
PATENTS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Patents
. We own or have co-promotion and/or license rights related to a number of patents covering pharmaceutical and other products, their uses, formulations, and product manufacturing processes.
Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The scope of protection afforded by a patent can vary from country to country and depends on the patent type, the scope of its patent claims and the availability of legal remedies. Patent term extensions (PTE) may be available in some countries to compensate for a loss of patent term due to delay in a product’s approval due to the regulatory requirements, while patent term adjustment may be available in some countries to compensate for administrative delays during prosecution of patents. One of the primary considerations in limiting our operations in some countries outside the U.S. is the lack of effective intellectual property protection for our products, although international and U.S. free trade agreements have included some global protection of intellectual property rights. See the
Item 1. Business
—
Government Regulation and Price Constraints
section.
In various markets, a period of regulatory exclusivity may be provided for drugs or vaccines upon approval. The scope and term of such exclusivity will vary but, in general, the period will run concurrently with the term of any existing patent rights associated with the drug at the time of approval.
Based on current sales and other factors, and considering the competition with products sold by our competitors, the patent rights we consider most significant in relation to our business as a whole, together with the year in which the