driven by amounts recognized in
Product revenues
as we delivered the products to our customers. During the first quarter of 2025, we recognized revenue of approximately $
335
million that was included in the balance of Paxlovid and Comirnaty deferred revenues as of December 31, 2024. The Paxlovid and Comirnaty deferred revenues as of March 30, 2025 will be recognized in
Product revenues
proportionately as we transfer control of the products to our customers and satisfy our performance obligations under the contracts, with the amounts included in current liabilities expected to be recognized in
Product revenues
within the next 12 months, and the amounts included in noncurrent liabilities expected to be recognized in
Product revenues
from 2026 through 2028. Deferred revenues associated with contracts for other products were not significant as of March 30, 2025 or December 31, 2024.
32
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
GENERAL
The following MD&A is intended to assist the reader in understanding our financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of the amounts and certainty of cash flows from operations and from outside sources, and is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes in
Item 1. Financial Statements
in this Form 10-Q.
References to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. Although foreign exchange rate changes are part of our business, they are not within our control and because they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, we believe presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate our results.
OVERVIEW OF OUR PERFORMANCE, OPERATING ENVIRONMENT, STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK
Our Business and Strategy
––Pfizer Inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. We apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. Our 2025 key priorities are to:
1.
Improve R&D productivity with sharpened focus
2. Expand margins and maximize operational efficiency
3, Achieve commercial excellence in our key categories
4. Optimize capital allocation.
One way we believe we will be more efficient, effective and able to execute on these strategic priorities is through digital enablement, including automation and AI.
Segments
––We manage our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of three operating segments: Biopharma, PC1 and Pfizer Ignite. Biopharma is the only reportable segment. See
Note 13A
.
Restructuring Programs
Realigning Our Cost Base Program
•
In the fourth quarter of 2023, we announced that we launched a multi-year, enterprise-wide cost realignment program that aims to realign our costs with our longer-term revenue expectations.
•
In the second