chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:
Large Accelerated filer
x
Accelerated filer
☐
Non-accelerated filer
☐
Smaller reporting company
☐
Emerging growth company
☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
At April 30, 2025,
5,685,365,587
shares of the issuer’s voting common stock were outstanding.
2
Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Pfizer,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” in this Form 10-Q (defined below) refer to Pfizer Inc. and its subsidiaries. Pfizer’s fiscal quarter-end for subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. is as of and for the three months ended February 23, 2025 and February 25, 2024, and for U.S. subsidiaries is as of and for the three months ended March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024. References to “Notes” in this Form 10-Q are to the Notes to the Condensed or Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q or in our 2024 Form 10-K. We also have used several other terms in this Form 10-Q, most of which are explained or defined below:
3
(a)
Certain uses of Paxlovid and COVID-19 vaccines from BioNTech and Pfizer have not been approved or licensed by the FDA. Paxlovid has been authorized for emergency use by the FDA under an EUA for the treatment of mild-to-moderate COVID-19 in pediatric patients (12 years of age and older weighing at least 40 kg) who are at high risk for progression to severe COVID-19, including hospitalization or death. Emergency uses of COVID-19 vaccines from Pfizer and BioNTech, including Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2024-2025 Formula), have been authorized for emergency use by the FDA under an EUA to prevent COVID-19 in individuals aged 6 months of age and older. The emergency uses are only authorized for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of the medical product during the COVID-19 pandemic under Section 564(b)(1) of the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act, unless the declaration is terminated or authorization revoked sooner. Please see the EUA Fact Sheets at
www.covid19oralrx.com
and
www.cvdvaccine-us.com
.
This Form 10-Q includes discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/or product candidates. These studies typically are part of