foreign tax and other credit carryforwards or carrybacks.
B. Tax Rate Reconciliation
^
The higher rate percentages for the 2023 reconciling items are significantly impacted by the lower domestic and international
Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income
(see
Note 5A
)
.
(a)
For taxation of non-U.S. operations, this rate impact reflects the income tax rates and relative earnings in the locations where we do business outside the U.S., together with the U.S. tax cost on our international operations, changes in uncertain tax positions not included in the reconciling item called “Tax settlements and resolution of certain tax positions,” as well as changes in valuation allowances. Specifically: (i) the jurisdictional location of earnings is a significant component of our effective tax rate each year, and the rate impact of this component is influenced by the specific location of non-U.S. earnings and the level of such earnings as compared to our total earnings; (ii) the U.S. tax implications of our foreign operations is a significant component of our effective tax rate each year and generally offsets some of the reduction to our effective tax rate each year resulting from the jurisdictional location of earnings; (iii) the impact of certain tax initiatives; and (iv) the impact of changes in uncertain tax positions not included in the reconciling item called “Tax settlements and resolution of certain tax positions” is a component of our effective tax rate each year that can result in either an increase or decrease to our effective tax rate. The jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings as well as the U.S. tax cost on our international operations, can vary as a result of operating fluctuations in the normal course of business and as a result of the extent and location of other income and expense items, such as restructuring charges, asset impairments and gains and losses on strategic business decisions. See also
Note 5A
for the components of pre-tax income and
Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income,
which is based on the location of the taxing authorities, and for information about settlements and other items impacting
Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income
.
(b)
In all years, the reduction in our effective tax rate is a result of the jurisdictional location of earnings and is largely due to lower tax rates in certain jurisdictions, as well as manufacturing and other incentives for our subsidiaries in Singapore and, to a lesser extent, in Puerto Rico. We have Puerto Rican tax incentives pursuant to a grant that expires during 2053. Under such grant, we are partially exempt from income, property and municipal taxes. In Singapore, we have incentive tax rates effective through 2048 on income from manufacturing and other operations.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
(c)
See
Note 5A
.
(d)
The higher rate benefit from the Foreign-