benefits attributable to employee service rendered, as provided by the applicable benefit formula. Our pension and other postretirement obligations may be determined using assumptions such as discount rate, expected annual rate of return on plan assets, expected employee turnover and participant mortality. For our pension plans, the obligation may also include assumptions as to future compensation levels. For our other postretirement benefit plans, the obligation may include assumptions as to the expected cost of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
providing medical insurance benefits, as well as the extent to which those costs are shared with the employee or others (such as governmental programs). Plan assets are measured at fair value.
S.
Legal and Environmental Contingencies
We and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, such as patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, commercial and other asserted or unasserted matters, environmental claims and proceedings, government investigations and guarantees and indemnifications. In assessing contingencies related to legal and environmental proceedings that are pending against the Company, or unasserted claims that are probable of being asserted, we record accruals for these contingencies to the extent that we conclude that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. If some amount within a range of loss appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within the range, we accrue that amount. Alternatively, when no amount within a range of loss appears to be a better estimate than any other amount, we accrue the lowest amount in the range. We record anticipated recoveries under existing insurance contracts when recovery is assured.
T.
Share-Based Payments
Our compensation programs include share-based payments. Generally, grants under share-based payment programs are accounted for at fair value and these fair values are generally amortized on a straight-line basis or on an accelerated attribution approach over the vesting terms with the related costs recorded in
Cost of sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses
and/or
Research and development expenses
, as appropriate.
Note 2.
Acquisitions, Divestitures, Equity-Method Investments, Collaborative Arrangements and Research and Development Arrangement
A. Acquisitions
Seagen––
On December 14, 2023 (the acquisition date), we acquired Seagen, a global biotechnology company that discovers, develops and commercializes transformative cancer medicines, for $
229
per share in cash. The total fair value of the consideration transferred was $
44.2
billion ($
43.4
billion, net of cash acquired). In addition, in connection with the acquisition, $
476
million in post-closing compensation expense for Seagen employee incentive awards was recorded in
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-