determinable fair value based on quoted prices on an exchange or a published NAV derived from the quoted prices in active markets of the underlying securities. Level 3 investments may include individual securities that are unlisted, delisted, suspended, or illiquid and are typically valued using their last available price.
•
Fixed income securities: Level 1 investments may include individual securities that are valued at the closing price or last trade reported on the major market on which they are traded. Level 2 investments may include commingled funds that have a readily determinable fair value based on observable prices of the underlying securities. Level 2 investments may include corporate bonds, government and government agency obligations and other fixed income securities valued using bid evaluation pricing models or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics. Level 3 investments may include securities that are valued using alternative pricing sources, such as investment managers or brokers, which use proprietary pricing models that incorporate unobservable inputs.
•
Other investments: Level 1 investments may include individual securities that are valued at the closing price or last trade reported on the major market on which they are traded. Level 2 investments may include insurance contracts which invest in interest bearing cash, U.S. government securities and corporate debt instruments. Level 3 investments may include securities or insurance contracts that are valued using alternative pricing sources, such as investment managers or brokers, which use proprietary pricing models that incorporate unobservable inputs.
Equity securities, Fixed income securities and Other investments may each be combined into commingled funds. Most commingled funds are valued to reflect the interest in the fund based on the reported year-end NAV. Partnership and Other investments are valued based on year-end reported NAV (or its equivalent), with adjustments as appropriate for lagged reporting of up to three months.
Certain investments are authorized to include derivatives, such as equity or bond futures, swaps, options and currency futures or forwards for managing risks and exposures.
Global plan assets are managed with the objective of generating returns that will enable the plans to meet their future obligations, while seeking to manage net periodic benefit costs and cash contributions over the long-term. We utilize long-term asset allocation ranges in the management of our plans’ invested assets. Our long-term return expectations are developed based on a diversified, global investment strategy that takes into account historical experience, as well as the impact of portfolio diversification, active portfolio management, and our view of current and future economic and financial market conditions. As market conditions and other factors change, we may adjust our targets accordingly and our asset allocations may vary from the target allocations.