other countries.
(f)
Being jointly developed and commercialized with Astellas.
(g)
Keytruda
®
is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.
(h)
Being developed in collaboration with Genmab A/S. The April 2024 approval date in the U.S. refers to the conversion of a prior accelerated approval to full approval.
(i)
In September 2024, the EC approved the Pfizer/BioNTech Omicron KP.2-adapted monovalent COVID-19 vaccine for active immunization to prevent COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 in individuals 6 months of age and older. U.S. approval (August 2024) is for individuals 12 years of age and older, with EUA granted for individuals 6 months through 11 years of age.
(j)
Being developed in collaboration with Takeda. Takeda has ex-U.S./Canada rights.
Pfizer submitted its intent to withdraw Penbraya from the EU market. The EC has confirmed the withdrawal of the Penbraya EU Marketing Authorisation Application with an effective date of February 20, 2025.
In February 2025, Pfizer decided to terminate development and commercialization of Beqvez (fidanacogene elaparvovec) and elected to terminate the license agreement between Pfizer and Spark Therapeutics, Inc. effective as of August 6, 2025.
In December 2024, Pfizer submitted a withdrawal of the Ngenla (somatrogon) filing for adult human growth hormone deficiency in the EU.
The following provides information about additional indications and new drug candidates in late-stage development:
(a)
Ibrance for ER+/HER2+ metastatic breast cancer is being developed in collaboration with Alliance Foundation Trials, LLC.
(b)
Eliquis is being developed in collaboration with BMS.
(c)
Padcev is being jointly developed and commercialized with Astellas.
(d)
VLA15 is being developed in collaboration with Valneva SE.
(e)
Vepdegestrant is being developed in collaboration with Arvinas.
(f)
Disitamab vedotin is being developed in collaboration with RemeGen Co., Ltd
.
In December 2024, Pfizer decided to terminate development of giroctocogene fitelparvovec (PF-07055480) and elected to terminate the collaboration and license agreement between Pfizer and Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc. effective as of April 21, 2025.
In August 2024, Pfizer announced Phase 3 top-line results for Pfizer and BioNTech’s combination mRNA vaccine candidate against influenza and COVID-19 in healthy individuals 18-64 years of age. The trial did not meet one of its primary immunogenicity objectives of non-inferiority against the influenza B strain despite obtaining higher influenza A responses and comparable COVID-19 responses versus the comparator vaccines. In November 2024, PF-07926307 (COVID-19/mRNA flu combo vaccine) reverted from Phase 3 to Phase 1 clinical trials and has been removed from the table above.
I
n September 2024, Pfizer announced that it was voluntarily withdrawing all lots of Oxbryta (voxelotor) for the treatment of sickle cell disease in all markets where it is approved. Pfizer also discontinued all