related costs
(see
Note 3
).
Seagen’s principal business was the development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of targeted cancer therapeutics, primarily using ADC technology. Seagen’s portfolio includes
four
approved medicines as well as a pipeline of product candidates. Clinical development programs are ongoing for each of these approved medicines for potential new or expanded indications and for several product candidates. We believe our acquisition of Seagen will strengthen our oncology capabilities by allowing us to combine Seagen’s ADC technology with the resources and scale of the Pfizer enterprise and to advance more potential breakthroughs to patients with cancer.
The following table summarizes the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, as well as adjustments made in 2024 to the amounts initially recorded in 2023 (measurement period adjustments) with a corresponding change to goodwill. The measurement period adjustments did not have a material impact on our earnings in any period. The final allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed has been completed.
(a)
The changes in the estimated fair values are to better reflect market participant assumptions about facts and circumstances existing as of the acquisition date. The measurement period adjustments did not result from intervening events subsequent to the acquisition date.
(b)
Includes cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, accrued compensation and other current liabilities.
(c)
As adjusted, comprised of $
1.1
billion current inventories and $
2.1
billion noncurrent inventories.
(d)
As adjusted, comprised mainly of $
7.5
billion of finite-lived developed technology rights with an estimated weighted-average life of approximately
18
years.
(e)
As adjusted, included primarily in
Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities.
The measurement period adjustments primarily reflect the tax impact of the pre-tax measurement period adjustments.
As of the acquisition date, the fair value of accounts receivable approximated the book value acquired. The gross contractual amount receivable was $
597
million.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
In the ordinary course of business, Seagen may incur liabilities for environmental, legal and tax matters, as well as guarantees and indemnifications. These matters may include contingencies. Except as specifically excluded by the relevant accounting standard, contingencies are required to be measured at fair value as of the acquisition date if the acquisition-date fair value of the asset or liability arising from a contingency can be determined. If the acquisition-date fair value of the asset or liability cannot be determined, the asset or liability would be recognized at the acquisition date if both of the following criteria are met: (i) it is probable that an asset