discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/or product candidates. These studies typically are part of a larger body of clinical data relating to such products or product candidates, and the discussion herein should be considered in the context of the larger body of data. In addition, clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or efficacy of a product candidate or a new indication for an in-line product, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether.
Some amounts in this Form 10-K may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their owners.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our website is
www.pfizer.com
. This Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and our proxy statements, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are, or will be, available (free of charge) on our website, in text format and, where applicable, in interactive data file format
,
as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file this material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.
Throughout this Form 10-K, we “incorporate by reference” certain information from other documents filed or to be filed with the SEC, including our Proxy Statement. Please refer to this information. This Form 10-K will be available on our website on or about February 27, 2025. Our Proxy Statement will be available on our website on or about March 13, 2025.
Our annual Impact Report, which provides disclosures regarding our responsible business practices, is made available on our website. We also have a Pfizer Investor Insights website, which includes articles on the company, its products and its pipeline, located at
insights.pfizer.com
. Information in our Impact Report and on the Pfizer Investor Insights website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.
We may use our website as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SEC. These disclosures are included on our website in the “About—Investors” or “Newsroom” sections. Accordingly, investors should monitor these portions of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts, as well as our social media channels (our Facebook page, Instagram account (@Pfizerinc), YouTube page, LinkedIn page, and X (formerly known as Twitter) accounts (@Pfizer and @Pfizer_News)). The information contained on our website, our Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn pages or our X (formerly known as Twitter) accounts, or any third-party website, is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.
Information relating to corporate