provided us an additional $274 million in lines of credit, of which $252 million expire within one year. Essentially all lines of credit were unused as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q.
Capital Allocation Framework
––Our capital allocation framework is designed to enhance long-term shareholder value and is based on three core pillars: maintaining and growing our dividend over time, reinvesting in the business and making share repurchases after de-levering our balance sheet. We have actively de-levered and as of March 30, 2025 are below our previously stated gross leverage target.
Dividends
––In April 2025, our BOD declared a dividend of $0.43 per share, payable on June 13, 2025, to shareholders of record at the close of business on May 9, 2025.
Common Stock Purchases
—As of March 30, 2025, our remaining share-purchase authorization was $3.3 billion, with no repurchases in the first three months of 2025. See
Note 12
in our 2024 Form 10-K for more information on our publicly announced share-purchase plans.
Haleon
— In the first quarter of 2025, we sold the remaining portion of our investment in Haleon for $6.3 billion. Pfizer intends to use the proceeds to support its capital allocation priorities.
NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS
This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. We also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public, as well as public oral statements. Given their forward-looking nature, these statements involve substantial risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions.
We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as “will,” “may,” “could,” “likely,” “ongoing,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “assume,” “target,” “forecast,”
46
“guidance,” “goal,” “objective,” “aim,” “seek,” “potential,” “hope” and other words and terms of similar meaning or by using future dates.
We include forward-looking information in our discussion of the following, among other topics:
•
our anticipated operating and financial performance, including financial guidance and projections;
•
reorganizations, business plans, strategy, goals and prospects;
•
expectations for our product pipeline, in-line products and product candidates, including anticipated regulatory submissions, data read-outs, study starts, approvals, launches, discontinuations, clinical trial results and other developing data; revenue contribution and projections; potential pricing and reimbursement; potential market dynamics, including demand, market size and utilization rates; and growth, performance, timing of exclusivity and potential benefits;
•
strategic reviews, leverage and capital allocation objectives, dividends and share repurchases;
•
plans for and prospects of our acquisitions, dispositions and other business development activities, and our ability to successfully capitalize on growth