marketing experience, postmarketing clinical investigations, postmarketing epidemiological or surveillance studies, reports in the scientific literature, and unpublished scientific papers.
In the context of public health emergencies, like the COVID-19 pandemic, we may apply to the FDA for an EUA which, if granted, allows for the distribution and use of our products during the declared emergency, in accordance with the conditions set forth in the EUA, unless the EUA is terminated by the government. Although the criteria for an EUA differ from the criteria for approval of an NDA or BLA, EUAs nevertheless require the development and submission of data to satisfy the relevant FDA standards, and a number of ongoing obligations. The FDA generally expects EUA holders to work toward submission of full applications, such as a BLA or an NDA, as soon as possible.
Biosimilar Regulation.
The FDA is responsible for approval of biosimilars. Innovator biologics, or reference products, are entitled to certain exclusivity periods. Applications for biosimilars may not be submitted until four years after the date on which the reference product was first licensed and may not be approved until 12 years after the reference product was first licensed.
Sales and Marketing Regulations
.
Our marketing practices are subject to federal and state laws, such as the Anti-Kickback Statute (AKS), Civil Monetary Penalties Law and False Claims Act, intended to prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. These laws can apply to both our direct-to-consumer marketing practices as well as our marketing to clinicians and healthcare facilities. The AKS prohibits soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying anything of value to generate business that may be paid for, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program. The Civil Monetary Penalties Law covers a variety of conduct, often violations under other laws, and includes penalties for AKS violations as well as causing the submission of false claims. The False Claims Act generally prohibits anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, any claims for payment for goods or services, including to government payors, such as Medicare and Medicaid, that are false or fraudulent including false certifications of compliance with applicable law. The federal government and states also regulate sales and marketing activities and financial interactions between manufacturers and healthcare providers and academic medical centers, requiring disclosure to government authorities and the public of such interactions, and the adoption of compliance standards or programs. State attorneys general have also taken action to regulate the marketing of prescription drugs under state consumer protection and false advertising laws.
Pricing, Reimbursement and Access Regulations.
Pricing and reimbursement for our products depend in part on government regulation. Any significant efforts at the federal or state levels to reform