pursued as part of multiple programs. While our product candidates may or may not receive regulatory approval, new candidates entering clinical development phases are the foundation for future products. Information concerning several of our drug, vaccine and biological candidates in development, as well as supplemental filings for existing products, is set forth in the
Product Developments
section within MD&A. The discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable.
For information on the risks associated with R&D, see the
Item 1A. Risk Factors—Research and Development
section.
COLLABORATION AND CO-PROMOTION AGREEMENTS
We use collaboration and/or co-promotion arrangements to enhance our development, R&D, sales and distribution of certain biopharmaceutical products, which include, among others, the following:
•
Comirnaty
is an mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine to help prevent COVID-19, which is being jointly developed and commercialized with BioNTech. Pfizer and BioNTech equally share the costs of development for the Comirnaty program. Comirnaty has been granted an approval or an authorization in many countries around the world in populations varying by country. We also share gross profits equally from commercialization of Comirnaty (excluding China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, where we do not have rights), subject to regulatory authorizations or approvals market by market. For discussion on Comirnaty, see the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook—COVID-19
section within MD&A.
•
Eliquis
(apixaban) is part of the Novel Oral Anticoagulant market and was jointly developed and commercialized with BMS as an alternative treatment option to warfarin in appropriate patients. We fund between 50% and 60% of all development costs depending on the study, and profits and losses are shared equally except in certain countries where we commercialize Eliquis and pay a percentage of net sales to BMS. In certain smaller markets we have full commercialization rights and BMS supplies the product to us at cost plus a percentage of the net sales to end-customers.
•
Xtandi
(enzalutamide) is an androgen receptor inhibitor that blocks multiple steps in the androgen receptor signaling pathway within tumor cells that is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Astellas. We share equally in the gross profits and losses related to U.S. net sales and also share equally all Xtandi commercialization costs attributable to the U.S. market, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, we share certain development and other collaboration expenses. For international net sales we receive royalties based on a tiered percentage.
•
Orgovyx
(relugolix) is an oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptor antagonist for the treatment of adult patients with advanced prostate cancer that is being developed and commercialized with SMPS. The companies equally share profits and