unexpired European patents. Additional challenges involving Comirnaty patents may be filed against us and/or BioNTech in other jurisdictions in the future. Adverse decisions in these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
We are also party to patent damages suits in various jurisdictions pursuant to which generic drug manufacturers, payors, governments or other parties are seeking damages from us for allegedly causing delay of generic entry.
We also are often involved in other proceedings, such as inter partes review, post-grant review, re-examination or opposition proceedings, before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the European Patent Office, or other foreign counterparts, as well as court proceedings relating to our intellectual property or the intellectual property rights of others, including challenges to such rights initiated by us. Also, if one of our patents (or one of our collaboration/licensing partner’s patents) is found to be invalid by such proceedings, generic or competitive products could be introduced into the market resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. For example, several of the patents in our pneumococcal vaccine portfolio have been challenged in inter partes review and post-grant review proceedings in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, as well as outside the U.S.
The invalidation of any of the patents in our pneumococcal portfolio could potentially allow additional competitor vaccines, if approved, to enter the marketplace earlier than anticipated. In the event that any of the patents are found valid and infringed, a competitor’s vaccine, if approved, might be prohibited from entering the market or a competitor might be required to pay us a royalty.
We are also subject to patent litigation pursuant to which one or more third parties seek damages and/or injunctive relief to compensate for alleged infringement of its patents by our commercial or other activities. If one of our marketed products (or a product of our collaboration/licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promotion rights) is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significant damages or royalty payments, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. Such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries is found to have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party.
Actions In Which We Are The Plaintiff
Xeljanz (tofacitinib)
Beginning in 2017, we brought patent-infringement actions against several generic manufacturers that filed separate abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs) with the FDA seeking approval to market their generic versions of tofacitinib tablets in one or both of 5 mg and 10 mg dosage strengths, and in both immediate and extended release forms. To date, we have settled actions with several manufacturers on terms not material to us. The remaining actions continue in the