our portfolio. We do so by entering into collaboration, alliance and license agreements with universities, biotechnology companies and other firms as well as through acquisitions and investments. These arrangements allow us to share knowledge, risk and cost. They also enable us to access external scientific and technological expertise, as well as provide us the opportunity to advance our own products and in-licensed or acquired products. For information on certain of these collaborations, alliances and license arrangements and investments, see
Note 2
.
Our R&D Operations.
In 2024, we continued to enhance our global R&D operations and pursued strategies to improve R&D productivity and advance a sustainable and value-creating pipeline. Oncology was organized in an end-to-end Oncology R&D (ORD) organization, spanning discovery to late-phase clinical development. Pfizer Research and Development (PRD) managed the same for our remaining therapeutic areas in addition to certain platform organizations. Effective January 1, 2025, ORD and PRD were consolidated into a single R&D organization to further strengthen Pfizer’s capabilities and leadership in discovering and developing breakthrough medicines and vaccines. As part of these changes, we are now evaluating how our simplified structure and sharpened focus might lead to improvements in productivity and potential efficiencies. We expect any potential savings identified through these efforts to be reinvested in our R&D portfolio.
We manage R&D operations on a total-company basis through the organizations described above. The Portfolio Management Team (PMT), currently chaired by our Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer, Executive Vice President, is accountable for aligning resources across R&D, and for helping to ensure optimal capital allocation across the R&D portfolio. We believe that this approach also serves to maximize accountability and flexibility.
We do not disaggregate total R&D expense by development phase or by therapeutic area since, as described above, we manage our R&D strategy and operations collectively under the governance of the PMT and do not manage our R&D operational spend independently by development phase or by therapeutic area. Further, as we are able to adjust a significant portion of our spending quickly, we believe that any prior-period information about R&D expense by development phase or by therapeutic area would not necessarily be representative of future spending.
For additional information on our R&D operations, including R&D related costs and expenses, see the
Costs and Expenses
—
Research and Development Expenses
section within MD&A and
Note 17
.
Our R&D Pipeline.
The process of drug, vaccine and biological product discovery from initiation through development and to potential regulatory approval is lengthy and can take more than ten years. As of February 4, 2025, we had the following number of projects in various stages of R&D:
Development of a single compound is often