no assets or operations, and will have no assets or operations, other than as related to the issuance, administration and repayment of the notes and any other debt securities that it may issue in the future.
E. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
Foreign Exchange Risk––
A significant portion of our revenues, earnings and net investments in foreign affiliates is exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. Where foreign exchange risk is not offset by other exposures, we manage our foreign exchange risk principally through the use of derivative financial instruments and foreign currency debt. These financial instruments serve to mitigate the impact on net income as a result of remeasurement into another currency, or against the impact of translation into U.S. dollars of certain foreign exchange-denominated transactions.
The derivative financial instruments primarily hedge or offset exposures in the euro, U.K. pound, Chinese renminbi, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar and Swedish krona, and include a portion of our forecasted foreign exchange-denominated intercompany inventory sales hedged up to
two years
. We may seek to protect against possible declines in the reported net investments of our foreign business entities.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Changes in fair value are reported in earnings or in
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
, depending on the nature and purpose of the financial instrument (hedge or offset relationship). For certain foreign exchange contracts, we exclude an amount from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize the excluded amount through an amortization approach in earnings. The hedge relationships are as follows:
•
Generally, we recognize the gains and losses on foreign exchange contracts that are designated as fair value hedges in earnings upon the recognition of the change in fair value of the hedged item. We also recognize the offsetting foreign exchange impact attributable to the hedged item in earnings.
•
Generally, we record in
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
gains or losses on foreign exchange contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges and reclassify those amounts into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings.
•
We record in
Other comprehensive income/(loss)––Foreign currency translation adjustments, net
the foreign exchange gains and losses related to foreign exchange-denominated debt and foreign exchange contracts designated as a hedge of our net investments in foreign subsidiaries and reclassify those amounts into earnings upon the sale or substantial liquidation of our net investments.
•
For foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments, we recognize the gains and losses immediately into earnings along with the earnings impact of the items they generally offset. These contracts take the opposite currency position of that reflected on the balance sheet to