entered into various agreements, including a separation and distribution agreement, interim operating models, including agency arrangements, MSAs, TSAs, a tax matters agreement, and an employee matters agreement, among others. The interim agency operating model arrangements primarily include billings, collections and remittance of rebates that we are performing on a transitional basis on behalf of Viatris. Under the MSAs, Pfizer or Viatris, as the case may be, manufactures, labels and packages products for the other party. The terms of the MSAs range in initial duration from
four
to
seven years
post-separation. Services under the TSAs were largely completed as of December 31, 2023. Amounts recorded under the above agreements in 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material to our operations. Net amounts due to Viatris under the above agreements were $
105
million as of December 31, 2024 and $
33
million as of December 31, 2023. The cash flows associated with the above agreements are included in
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities.
C.
Equity-Method Investments
Haleon––
Haleon, is an independent, publicly traded company listed on the London Stock Exchange that holds the joint historical consumer healthcare business of GSK and Pfizer. We owned
32
% of Haleon as of December 31, 2023. In March 2024, we sold approximately
30
% of our investment in Haleon through the sale of
791
million ordinary shares in a global public offering, and the sale of
102
million ordinary shares directly to Haleon, for $
3.5
billion. In October 2024, we sold approximately
34
% of our remaining investment in Haleon through the sale of
640
million ordinary shares in a global public offering, and the sale of
61
million ordinary shares directly to Haleon, for $
3.5
billion. We recognized total gains on these sales of our Haleon shares of $
945
million during 2024 in
Other (income)/deductions––net
(see
Note 4
). After the October 2024 share sale, we owned approximately
15
% of the outstanding voting shares of Haleon as of
December 31, 2024
.
Through the third quarter of 2024, we accounted for our Haleon investment under the equity method and recorded our share of earnings from Haleon on a quarterly basis on a one-quarter lag in
Other (income)/deductions––net
. As Haleon is a foreign investee whose reporting currency is the U.K. pound, we translated its financial statements into U.S. dollars and recognized the impact of foreign currency translation adjustments in the carrying value of our investment and in other comprehensive income. With the reduction in our Haleon ownership percentage and board representation after the October 2024 sale, we no longer have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of Haleon. As a result, we discontinued the application of the equity method to our Haleon investment, and began to account for the investment as an equity security with a readily determinable fair value, which is carried at fair