$4.4 billion, or 7%, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of $349 million, or approximately 1%. The operational increase was primarily driven by Paxlovid, the addition of legacy Seagen revenues in full-year 2024 following the acquisition in December 2023, and growth from the Vyndaqel family and Eliquis, partially offset by declines in Comirnaty. The operational increase for Paxlovid was primarily due to: (i) a non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to the expected return of an estimated 6.5 million treatment courses of EUA labeled U.S. government inventory and (ii) revenue in 2024 of $1.2 billion from two one-time items: a $771 million favorable final adjustment recorded in the first quarter of 2024 to the aforementioned $3.5 billion revenue reversal; and $442 million from the one-time contractual delivery of treatment courses to the U.S. SNS. See
Note 17C
.
Excluding contributions from Comirnaty and Paxlovid,
Total revenues
increased 12% operationally.
The following chart outlines the components of the net change in
Total revenues
:
See the
Total Revenues by Geography
and
Total Revenues––Selected Product Discussion
sections within MD&A for more information, including a discussion of key drivers of our revenue performance. Certain of our vaccines, including Comirnaty, are subject to seasonality of demand, with a greater portion of revenues anticipated in the fall and winter seasons, and Paxlovid revenues trend with infection rates. See also
The Global
Economic Environment––COVID-19
section below for information about our COVID-19 products. For information regarding the primary indications or class of certain products, see
Note 17C
.
Income from Continuing Operations Before Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income
––
The increase in
Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income
of $7.0 billion, to $8.0 billion in 2024 from $1.1 billion in 2023, was primarily attributable to (i) a decrease in
Cost of Sales,
(ii) higher revenues and (iii) a decrease in
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs,
partially offset by (iv) higher net interest expense, (v) net periodic benefit costs associated with pension and other postretirement plans incurred in 2024 versus net periodic benefit credits in 2023, (vi) lower net gains on equity securities and (vii) an increase in
Amortization of intangible assets.
See
the
Analysis of the Consolidated Statements of Operations
section within MD&A and
Note 4
. For information on our tax provision and effective tax rate, see the
Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income
section within MD&A and
Note 5
.
Our Operating Environment
––We, like other businesses in our industry, are subject to certain industry-specific challenges. These include, among others, the topics listed below. See also the
Item 1. Business––Government Regulation and Price Constraints
and
Item 1A. Risk Factors
sections.
Regulatory