effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and complex auditor judgment was required in evaluating the Company’s interpretation of tax law and its estimate of the ultimate resolution of its tax positions.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of an internal control over the Company’s liability for unrecognized tax position process related to (1) interpretation of tax law, (2) evaluation of which of the Company’s tax positions may not be sustained upon audit, and (3) estimation and recording of the gross
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
unrecognized tax benefits. We involved tax and valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating the Company’s interpretation of tax laws, including the assessment of transfer pricing practices in accordance with applicable tax laws and regulations. We inspected settlements with applicable taxing authorities, including assessing the expiration of statutes of limitations. We tested the calculation of the liability for uncertain tax positions, including an evaluation of the Company’s assessment of the technical merits of tax positions and estimates of the amount of tax benefits expected to be sustained.
Evaluation of product liability and other product-related litigation
As discussed in
Notes 1S
and
16
to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is involved in product liability and other product-related litigation, which can include personal injury, consumer fraud, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, among others. Certain of these pending product and other product-related legal proceedings could result in losses that could be substantial. The accrued liability and/or disclosure for the pending product liability and other product-related legal proceedings requires a complex series of judgments by the Company about future events, which involves a number of uncertainties.
We identified the evaluation of product liability and other product-related litigation as a critical audit matter. Challenging auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company’s judgments about future events and uncertainties.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s product liability and other product-related litigation processes, including controls related to (1) the evaluation of information from external and internal legal counsel, (2) forward-looking expectations, and (3) new legal proceedings, or other legal proceedings not currently reserved or disclosed. We read letters received directly from the Company’s external and internal legal counsel that described the Company’s probable or reasonably possible legal contingency to pending product liability