segment of $
200
million for an IPR&D asset for the unapproved indication of symptomatic dilated cardiomyopathy due to a mutation of the gene encoding the lamin A/C protein that resulted from the Phase 3 trial reaching futility at a pre-planned interim analysis and $
171
million for developed technology rights due to updated commercial forecasts mainly reflecting competitive pressures. 2022 also included intangible asset impairment charges of $
50
million
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
associated with PC1, related to finite-lived licensing agreements, and reflected updated contract manufacturing forecasts reflecting changes to market dynamics.
(f)
See
Note 2C
.
(g)
The amount for 2024 primarily includes, among other things, (i) gains of $
945
million on the partial sales of our investment in Haleon in March and October 2024, (ii) dividend income of $
272
million from our investment in ViiV and (iii) a charge of $
420
million recorded in the third quarter related to the expected sale of one of our facilities resulting from the discontinuation of our DMD program
.
2023 included, among other things, (i) dividend income of $
265
million from our investment in ViiV and $
211
million from our investment in Nimbus resulting from Takeda’s acquisition of Nimbus’s oral, selective allosteric tyrosine kinase 2 (TYK2) inhibitor program subsidiary and (ii) a $
222
million gain on the divestiture of our early-stage rare disease gene therapy portfolio to Alexion. 2022 included, among other things, (i) dividend income of $
314
million from our investment in ViiV, (ii) income net of costs associated with TSAs of $
142
million and (iii) charges of $
77
million, reflecting the change in the fair value of contingent consideration.
(a)
The fair value amounts are presented as of the date of impairment, as these assets are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. See also
Note 1E
.
(b)
Reflects intangible assets written down to fair value in 2024. Fair value was determined using the income approach, specifically the multi-period excess earnings method, also known as the discounted cash flow method. We started with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows for the asset and then applied an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the product; and assumptions about the probability of technical and regulatory success (PTRS) of ongoing clinical trials, the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
Note 5.
Tax Matters
A. Taxes on Income from Continuing Operations
(a)
2024 v. 2023
––
The reduction in the domestic