traditional commercial markets in the U.S. in November 2023, with minimal uptake of NDA-labeled commercial product before January 1, 2024 (see
Note 17C
). Internationally, for Paxlovid, most markets have now transitioned to commercial markets, and we are expecting most revenue for Paxlovid to be generated through commercial channels. In 2025, we expect utilization for Paxlovid to follow infection rates and stable market share, and revenues may fluctuate based on the timing, duration and severity of COVID-19 cases.
For information on risks associated with our COVID-19 products, as well as COVID-19 intellectual property disputes, see the
Item 1A. Risk Factors
—
COVID-19
,
—
Intellectual Property Protectio
n
and
––
Third-Party Intellectual Property Claims
sections as well as
Notes 16A1
and
17C
.
Israel/Hamas Conflict
––Our local operations have been impacted by the armed conflict between Israel and Hamas that began on October 7, 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the business of our Israeli subsidiary represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenues and assets. We are closely monitoring developments in this conflict, including evaluating potential impacts to our business, customers, suppliers, employees, and operations in Israel and elsewhere in the Middle East that may impact global operations. At this time, longer term impacts from these events to the Company are uncertain and subject to change.
Russia/Ukraine Conflict
––Our local operations have been impacted by the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the business of our Russia and Ukraine subsidiaries represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenues and assets. While we are monitoring the effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the situation continues to evolve and the long-term implications, including the broader economic consequences of the conflict, potential additional sanctions, and actions by our customers or suppliers (including financial institutions) are difficult to predict at this time.
For information on risks associated with these conflicts, see the
Item 1A. Risk Factors—Global Operations
section.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
Following is a discussion about the critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements. Also, see
Note 1C
.
For a description of our significant accounting policies, see
Note 1
. Of these policies, the following are considered critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most subjective and the most complex judgments: Acquisitions
(
Note 1D
); Fair Value (
Note 1E
); Revenues (
Note 1G
); Asset Impairments (
Note 1M
); Tax Assets and Liabilities and
Income Tax Contingencies (
Note 1Q
); Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans (
Note 1R
); and Legal and Environmental Contingencies (
Note 1S
).