of refunds.
39
Changes in Tax Laws––
Many countries outside the U.S. have enacted legislation for global minimum taxation resulting from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting “Pillar 2” project. The EU has approved a directive requiring member states to incorporate the OECD provisions into their respective domestic laws, and countries outside the EU are also enacting the provisions into their domestic law. The provisions are generally effective for Pfizer since 2024, though significant details and guidance around the provisions are still pending. Income tax expense could be adversely affected as the legislation becomes effective in countries in which we do business, and such impact could be material to our results of operations. We continue to monitor pending OECD guidance and legislation enactment and implementation by individual countries.
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENTS
A comprehensive update of Pfizer’s development pipeline was published as of April 29, 2025 and is available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. It includes an overview of our research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in Phase 1 and all candidates from Phase 2 through registration.
This section provides information as of the date of this filing about significant marketing application-related regulatory actions by, and filings pending with, the FDA and regulatory authorities in the EU and Japan.
The table below includes filing and approval milestones for products that have occurred in the last twelve months and generally does not include approvals that may have occurred prior to that time. The table includes filings with regulatory decisions pending (even if the filing occurred outside of the last twelve-month period).
40
Products
^
For the U.S., the filing date is the date on which the FDA accepted our submission. For the EU, the filing date is the date on which the EMA validated our submission.
(a)
Pierre Fabre is the Marketing Authorization Holder for Braftovi (encorafenib) and Mektovi (binimetinib) in the EU. We have exclusive rights to Braftovi and Mektovi in the U.S., Canada and certain emerging markets, and Ono, Medison Pharma and Pierre Fabre have exclusive rights in all other markets.
(b)
Erbitux
®
is a registered trademark of ImClone LLC. We have exclusive rights to Braftovi in the U.S., Canada, and certain emerging markets, and Ono. Medison Pharma and Pierre Fabre have exclusive rights in all other markets. The December 2024 U.S. approval date reflects accelerated approval.
(c)
Xtandi is being jointly developed and commercialized with Astellas.
(d)
Emblaveo is being developed in collaboration with AbbVie. AbbVie has the exclusive commercialization rights in the U.S. and Canada; Pfizer leads the joint development program and has commercialization rights in all other countries.
(e)
Padcev is being