ingredient sales operation, as well as revenues related to our manufacturing and supply agreements with legacy Pfizer businesses/partnerships.
Remaining Performance Obligations––
Contracted revenue expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for firm orders in long-term contracts to supply Comirnaty and Paxlovid to our customers totaled approximately $
4
billion and $
1
billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2024, which includes amounts received in advance and deferred, as well as amounts that will be invoiced as we deliver these products to our customers in future periods. Of these amounts, current contract terms provide for expected delivery of product with contracted revenue from 2025 through 2028, the timing of which may be renegotiated. Remaining performance obligations are based on foreign exchange rates as of the end of our fiscal fourth quarter of 2024 and exclude arrangements with an original expected contract duration of less than one year. Remaining performance obligations associated with contracts for other products and services were not significant as of December 31, 2024 or 2023.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Deferred Revenues––
Our deferred revenues primarily relate to advance payments received or receivable from various government or government sponsored customers for supply of Paxlovid and Comirnaty. The deferred revenues related to Paxlovid and Comirnaty totaled $
2.2
billion as of December 31, 2024, with $
1.4
billion and $
785
million recorded in current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities, respectively. The deferred revenues related to Paxlovid and Comirnaty totaled $
5.1
billion as of December 31, 2023, with $
2.6
billion and $
2.5
billion recorded in current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities, respectively. The decrease in Paxlovid and Comirnaty deferred revenues during full-year 2024 was primarily driven by amounts recognized in
Product revenues
as we delivered the products to our customers (including $
442
million associated with the U.S. SNS for Paxlovid) as well as the aforementioned $
771
million favorable final adjustment recorded in the first quarter of 2024 for Paxlovid, partially offset by additional advance payments received in 2024 as we entered into amended contracts. During 2024, we recognized revenue of approximately $
2.9
billion that was included in the balance of Paxlovid and Comirnaty deferred revenues as of December 31, 2023. The Paxlovid and Comirnaty deferred revenues as of December 31, 2024 will be recognized in
Product revenues
proportionately as we transfer control of the products to our customers and satisfy our performance obligations under the contracts, with the amounts included in current liabilities expected to be recognized in
Product revenues
within the next 12 months, and the amounts included in noncurrent liabilities expected to be recognized in
Product revenues
from December 2025 (which falls in our