best estimate of expected credit losses of the receivables portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, current information, and forecasts of future economic conditions. In developing the estimate for expected credit losses, trade accounts receivables are segmented into pools of assets depending on market (U.S. versus international), delinquency status, and customer type (high risk versus low risk and government versus non-government), and fixed reserve percentages are established for each pool of trade accounts receivables.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
In determining the reserve percentages for each pool of trade accounts receivables, we considered our historical experience with certain customers and customer types, regulatory and legal environments, country and political risk, and other relevant current and future forecasted macroeconomic factors. These credit risk indicators are monitored on a quarterly basis to determine whether there have been any changes in the economic environment that would indicate the established reserve percentages should be adjusted, and are considered on a regional basis to reflect more geographic-specific metrics. Additionally, write-offs and recoveries of customer receivables are tracked against collections on a quarterly basis to determine whether the reserve percentages remain appropriate. When management becomes aware of certain customer-specific factors that impact credit risk, specific allowances for these known troubled accounts are recorded. Trade accounts receivable are written off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted.
During 2024 and 2023, additions to the allowance for credit losses, write-offs and recoveries of customer receivables were not material to our consolidated financial statements.
H.
Collaborative Arrangements
Payments to and from our collaboration partners are presented in our consolidated statements of operations based on the nature of the arrangement (including its contractual terms), the nature of the payments and applicable accounting guidance. Under co-commercialization agreements, we record the amounts received for our share of gross profits from our collaboration partners as
Alliance revenues,
when our collaboration partners are the principal in the transaction and we receive a share of their net sales or profits.
Alliance revenues
are recorded as we perform co-promotion activities for the collaboration and the collaboration partners sell the products to their customers. The related expenses for selling and marketing these products including reimbursements to or from our collaboration partners for these costs are included in
Selling, informational and administrative expenses.
In collaborative arrangements where we manufacture a product for our collaboration partners, we record revenues when we transfer control of the product to our