control costs, including, among others, legislative or regulatory pricing reforms, drug formularies (including tiering and utilization management tools), cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, “international reference pricing” (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), quality consistency evaluation processes and volume-based procurement. We anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing and access pressures globally. In the U.S., we expect to see continued focus by the U.S. government on regulating drug pricing and access to medicine, including but not limited to, the potential for international reference pricing. The drug pricing provisions of the IRA are being implemented over the next several years. In August 2023, CMS published the first ten medicines subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, which requires manufacturers of select drugs to engage in a process with the federal government to set new Medicare prices which would go into effect in 2026. Eliquis was among the first ten medicines subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. In August 2024, the government released the new Medicare price for Eliquis, which, effective January 1, 2026, will be required to be offered to all Medicare beneficiaries and to covered entities participating in the 340B Program that dispense Eliquis to a Medicare beneficiary if that maximum fair price is lower than the discounted price such entities are offered under the 340B Program ceiling price calculation. The Eliquis Medicare price is factored into our long-term financial planning, in accordance with our standard financial reporting and forecasting protocols. On January 17, 2025, CMS announced the selection of another 15 drugs from Medicare Part D for the maximum fair price, with prices to be set and effective on January 1, 2027. Ibrance and Xtandi were included in the list of 15 drugs selected. Another 15 drugs from Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D will be selected by February 1, 2026, for the maximum price to be set and in effect by January 1, 2028. It is possible that more of our products could be selected in future years, which could, among other things, lead to lower revenues prior to expiry of intellectual property protections. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. The IRA also made significant changes to the Medicare Part D benefit design (IRA Medicare Part D Redesign), which will impact our revenues in 2025, including: an expected favorable impact from the $2,000 annual out-of-pocket cap and new Prescription Payment Plan,
34
more than offset by an expected unfavorable impact from the sunsetting of