section.
Anti-Corruption.
The FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws and/or regulations.
Data Privacy.
The number of privacy and data security laws and regulations in the U.S. to which we are subject on the federal and state level continues to increase. We routinely collect and use sensitive personal information relating to health. The legislative, regulatory and litigation landscape for privacy and data protection requirements is rapidly evolving and changing, and may limit our ability to use data globally or across borders. Data protection requirements are not universal and can conflict between jurisdictions. Compliance with those laws and regulations is made more complex by the lack of consistent standards, common definitions, or clear regulatory expectations. At the same time, enforcement of these laws and regulations is increasing and litigation is becoming more common. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including cybersecurity breaches or incidents, could subject us to significant fines and penalties, and/or litigation, as well as negatively impact our reputation.
Outside the U.S.
New Drug Approvals
. In the EU, the EMA conducts the scientific evaluation, supervision and safety monitoring of our innovative medicinal products that are eligible for the centralized marketing authorization procedure. Through the centralized procedure, pharmaceutical companies may submit to the EMA a single application for a marketing authorization valid in all the EU and the European Economic Area (EEA) countries. The EC makes a legally binding decision based on the EMA's recommendation. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain new products and optional for others. In the U.K., the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency is the sole regulatory authority. In Japan, the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Device Agency is involved in a wide range of regulatory activities, including clinical studies, approvals, post-marketing reviews and pharmaceutical safety. In China, the National Medical Product Administration is the primary regulatory authority for approving and supervising medicines. Health authorities in many middle- and lower-income countries might require marketing approval or scientific opinions by a recognized regulatory authority (e.g., the FDA or EMA/EC) before they begin reviewing or approving applications. By way of example, the EMA, in cooperation with the WHO, can provide scientific opinions on high priority human medicines, including vaccines, for markets outside the EU.
In April 2023, the