collaboration partners. In collaboration arrangements where we are the principal in the transaction, we record amounts paid to collaboration partners for their share of net sales or profits earned, and all royalty payments to collaboration partners as
Cost of sales
. Royalty payments received from collaboration partners are included in
Royalty revenues.
Reimbursements to or from our collaboration partners for development costs are typically recorded in
Research and development expenses
. Upfront payments and pre-approval milestone payments due from us to our collaboration partners in development stage collaborations are recorded as
Acquired
in-process
r
esearch and development expenses
. Milestone payments due from us to our collaboration partners after regulatory approval has been attained for a medicine are recorded in
Identifiable intangible assets
—developed technology rights. Upfront and pre-approval milestone payments earned from our collaboration partners by us are recognized in
Other (income)/deductions—net
over the development period for the products, when our performance obligations include providing R&D services to our collaboration partners. Upfront, pre-approval and post-approval milestone payments earned by us may be recognized in
Other (income)/deductions—net
immediately when earned or over other periods depending upon the nature of our performance obligations in the applicable collaboration. Where the milestone event is regulatory approval for a medicine, we generally recognize milestone payments due to us in the transaction price when regulatory approval in the applicable jurisdiction has been attained. We may recognize milestone payments due to us in the transaction price earlier than the milestone event in certain circumstances when recognition of the income would not be probable of a significant reversal.
I.
Cost of Sales and Inventories
Inventories are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of finished goods, work in process and raw materials is determined using average actual cost. We regularly review our inventories for impairment and reserves are established when necessary. Inventories that are not expected to be sold within 12 months are classified as
Other noncurrent assets
. See
Note 8A
.
J.
Selling, Informational and Administrative Expenses
Selling, informational and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. Among other things, these expenses include the internal and external costs of marketing, advertising, shipping and handling, digital and legal defense.
Advertising expenses totaled approximately $
3.3
billion in 2024, $
3.7
billion in 2023 and $
2.8
billion in 2022. Production costs are expensed as incurred and the costs of TV, radio, and other electronic media and publications are expensed when the related advertising occurs.
K.
Research and Development Expenses
R&D costs are expensed as incurred. These expenses include the costs of our proprietary R&D efforts, as well as R&D