quarter of 2025, we announced additional anticipated productivity opportunities, designed to further reduce costs primarily in SI&A, driven in large part by enhanced digital enablement, including automation and AI, and simplification of business processes.
•
In connection with our efforts to simplify the structure and sharpen the focus of our R&D organization, in the first quarter of 2025 we expanded this program after having identified additional opportunities to drive improvements in productivity and operational efficiencies through enhanced digital enablement, including automation and AI, and simplification of business processes.
Manufacturing Optimization Program
––In the second quarter of 2024, we announced that we launched a multi-year, multi-phased program to reduce our costs of goods sold, which is expected to include operational efficiencies, network structure changes, and product portfolio enhancements.
See
Note 3
for the anticipated and actual costs of these programs. For a description of anticipated savings related to these programs, see the
Costs and Expenses––Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives
section within MD&A
.
For additional information about our business, strategy and operating environment, see the
Item 1. Business
section and
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook
section within MD&A of our 2024 Form 10-K.
Our Business Development Initiatives
––We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. For a description of the more significant recent transactions through February 27, 2025, the filing date of our 2024 Form 10-K, see
Note 2
in our 2024 Form 10-K. See
Note 2
for significant recent activities.
Our First Quarter 2025 Performance
Total Revenues
––
Total revenues
decreased $1.2 billion, or 8%, in the first quarter of 2025 to $13.7 billion from $14.9 billion in the first quarter of 2024, reflecting an operational decrease of $908 million, or 6%, as well as an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of $256 million, or 2%. The operational decrease was primarily driven by a decline in Paxlovid, partially offset by
33
growth from the Vyndaqel family, Comirnaty and several other products despite the unfavorable impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign.
See the
Total Revenues by Geography
and
Total Revenues––Selected Product Discussion
sections for more information, including a discussion of key drivers of our revenue performance. Certain of our vaccines, including Comirnaty, are subject to seasonality of demand, with a greater portion of revenues anticipated in the fall and winter seasons, and Paxlovid revenues trend with infection rates. See also
The Global Economic Environment––COVID-19
section