compliance cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our capital expenditures or financial position. See also
Note 16A3
.
As a science guided organization, we take a proactive approach to our environmental sustainability initiatives. In 2022, we announced a goal to further reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and achieve the Science Based Target Initiative’s voluntary Net-Zero Standard by 2040. As part of this goal, Pfizer aims to decrease its GHG emissions by 95% and its value chain emissions by 90% from 2019 levels by 2040. To support our goal, we are developing and implementing our emission reduction plan, which will include strategies to achieve reductions throughout our value chain including investing in new technologies and innovative climate solutions, and setting expectations for our suppliers to establish science-aligned GHG emission reduction goals. Our emission reduction plan-related expenses and capital spending incurred for 2024 were not material to our consolidated financial statements. While we expect to incur incremental capital and operational expenditures to meet our goal, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our financial position in the near term. Longer term uncertainties such as the likelihood of commercially available technologies make it difficult to predict the financial impact of meeting the goal, and we will continue to assess and monitor the financial impact of the emission reduction plan.
For a discussion of the risks associated with climate change, see the
Item 1A. Risk Factors—Climate Change and Sustainability
section.
OUR PEOPLE
Our purpose is:
Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives
. These breakthroughs are delivered through the collaboration of our talented workforce. As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 81,000 people worldwide. Our ability to successfully deliver on our purpose is dependent on our people. We work to create an environment that prioritizes colleagues' health and wellness. Our people-centric approach touches every aspect of the employee experience — including recruiting, benefits, compensation and development. Creating a purpose-driven workplace that attracts, nurtures, and retains top talent is a priority. Our vibrant and supportive work culture is designed to empower colleagues to innovate, collaborate, and contribute meaningfully to improving global health. We invest in comprehensive development programs, provide merit-based opportunities for advancement, and encourage work-life integration through flexible work arrangements.
Culture.
We cultivate community in our workplace and our purpose of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. As we work to bring together people with different perspectives and experiences we foster a collaborative environment based on merit. We continue to execute a merit-based talent approach, focusing on identifying candidates with the right