March and October 2024, we owned approximately 15% of the outstanding voting shares of Haleon as of December 31, 2024. See
Note 2C
.
With the reduction in our Haleon ownership percentage and board representation after the October 2024 sale, we discontinued the application of the equity method to our Haleon investment, and in the fourth quarter of 2024 began to account for the investment as an equity security with a readily determinable fair value, which is carried at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in
Other (income)/deductions––net.
In the first quarter of 2025, we sold an additional portion of our investment in Haleon for $3.0 billion further reducing our ownership interest to approximately 7%.
Pfizer intends to use the proceeds to support its capital allocation priorities. We intend to monetize our remaining Haleon investment in a prudent fashion during 2025.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual, and Other Obligations
––In the ordinary course of business, (i) we enter into off-balance sheet arrangements that may result in contractual and other obligations and (ii) in connection with the sale of assets and businesses and other transactions, we often indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities that may arise in connection with the transaction or that are related to events and activities. For more information on guarantees and indemnifications, see
Note 16B
.
Additionally, certain of our co-promotion or license agreements give our licensors or partners the rights to negotiate for, or in some cases to obtain under certain financial conditions, co-promotion or other rights in specified countries with respect to certain of our products. Furthermore, collaboration, licensing or other R&D arrangements may give rise to potential milestone payments. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and/or commercialization milestones, which may span several years and which may never occur.
Our significant contractual and other obligations as of December 31, 2024 consisted of:
•
Long-term debt, including current portion (see
Note 7D
) and related interest payments;
•
Estimated cash payments related to the TCJA repatriation estimated tax liability (see
Note 5
). Estimated future payments related to the TCJA repatriation tax liability that will occur after December 31, 2024 total $4.7 billion, of which an estimated $2.1 billion is to be paid in the next twelve months and an estimated $2.6 billion is to be paid in periods thereafter. Our obligations may vary as a result of changes in our uncertain tax positions and/or availability of attributes such as foreign tax and other credit carryforwards;
•
Certain commitments totaling $4.1 billion, of which an estimated $1.0 billion is to be paid in the next twelve months, and $3.1 billion in periods thereafter (see
Note 16C
);
•
Purchases of PP&E (see
Note 9
). In 2025, we expect to spend approximately