to time received, and may receive in the future, inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information demands from government authorities. In addition, we have been and may in the future be subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities, brought by governmental authorities, as well as consumers and private payors. In some instances, we have incurred significant expense, civil payments, fines and other adverse consequences as a result of these claims, actions and inquiries. Such claims, actions and inquiries may relate to alleged non-compliance with laws and regulations associated with the dissemination of product (approved and unapproved) information, potentially resulting in government enforcement action and reputational damage. These risks may be heightened by the use of AI in our operations as well as in our digital marketing, including social media, mobile applications and blogger outreach, as well as direct-to-consumer marketing and digital platform offerings.
In connection with the resolution of a U.S. government investigation concerning independent copay assistance organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients, in 2018, we entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the Office of the Inspector General of the HHS (OIG), which expired in May 2023. Pfizer submitted its final annual report in October 2023 and the OIG officially closed the matter in January 2025.
We and certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business relating to legal claims and proceedings, including environmental contingencies. Amounts recorded for legal and environmental contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. While we have accrued for worldwide legal liabilities, no guarantee exists that additional costs will not be incurred or additional payments will not be required beyond the amounts accrued.
For additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved in, see
Note 16A
.
RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY:
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION
Our success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. If we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from launching generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. Our currently pending or future patent applications may