Zantac. The significant majority of these cases also name other defendants that have historically manufactured and/or sold Zantac. Pfizer has not sold Zantac since 2006, and only sold an OTC version of the product. In 2006, Pfizer sold the consumer business that included its Zantac OTC rights to Johnson & Johnson and transferred the assets and liabilities related to Zantac OTC to Johnson & Johnson in connection with the sale. Plaintiffs in these cases seek compensatory and punitive damages.
In February 2020, the federal actions were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to an MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida (the Federal MDL Court). Plaintiffs in the MDL filed against Pfizer and many other defendants a master personal injury complaint, a consolidated consumer class action complaint alleging, among other things, claims under consumer protection statutes of all 50 states, and a medical monitoring complaint seeking to certify medical monitoring classes under the laws of 13 states. In December 2022, the Federal MDL Court granted defendants’ Daubert motions to exclude plaintiffs’ expert testimony and motion for summary judgment on general causation, which has resulted in the dismissal of all complaints in the litigation. Plaintiffs have appealed the Federal MDL Court’s rulings.
In addition, (i) Pfizer has received service of Canadian class action complaints naming Pfizer and other defendants, and seeking compensatory and punitive damages for personal injury and economic loss, allegedly arising from the defendants’ sale of Zantac in Canada; and (ii) the State of New Mexico and the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore separately filed civil actions against Pfizer and many other defendants in state courts, alleging various state statutory and common law claims in connection with the defendants’ alleged sale of Zantac in those jurisdictions. In April 2021, a Judicial Council Coordinated Proceeding was created in the Superior Court of California in Alameda County to coordinate personal injury actions against Pfizer and other defendants filed in California state court. Coordinated proceedings have also been created in other state courts. The large majority of the state court cases have been filed in the Superior Court of Delaware in New Castle County.
Many of these Zantac-related cases have been outstanding for a number of years and could take many more years to resolve. From time to time, Pfizer has explored and will continue to explore opportunistic settlements of these matters. As of April 2025, Pfizer had settled, or entered into definitive agreements or agreements-in-principle to settle, subject to certain conditions, a substantial majority of the cases filed in state courts in which the plaintiff alleges use of a Pfizer product. The remaining unresolved state court cases continue in various state courts.
Chantix
Beginning in August 2021, a number of putative class actions have been filed against Pfizer in