segment.
(b)
Additions primarily represent our acquisition of Seagen in 2023 and measurement period adjustments related to our acquisition of Seagen in 2024 (see
Note 2A
)
.
Note 11.
Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans and Defined Contribution Plans
The majority of our employees worldwide are eligible for retirement benefits provided through defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans or both. In the U.S., we sponsor both IRC-qualified and supplemental (non-qualified) defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans. A qualified plan meets the requirements of certain sections of the IRC, and, generally, contributions to qualified plans are tax deductible. A qualified plan typically provides benefits to a broad group of employees with restrictions on discriminating in favor of highly compensated employees with regard to coverage, benefits and contributions. A supplemental (non-qualified) plan provides additional benefits to certain employees. In addition, we provide medical insurance benefits to certain retirees and their eligible dependents through our postretirement plans.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
A. Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost/(Credit) and Changes in Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
(a)
Reflects: (i) actuarial remeasurement net losses in 2024, primarily due to unfavorable asset performance for the U.S. pension plans and decreases in discount rates for the international pension plans, partially offset by increases in discount rates for the U.S. pension plans and favorable asset performance for the international pension plans and postretirement plans, (ii) actuarial remeasurement net gains in 2023, primarily due to favorable asset performance in the U.S. and increases in discount rates for the international plans, partially offset by unfavorable asset performance for certain international plans, and (iii) actuarial remeasurement net gains in 2022, primarily due to increases in discount rates, partially offset by unfavorable asset performance.
The components of net periodic benefit cost/(credit) other than the service cost component are included in
Other (income)/deductions––net
(see
Note 4
).
B. Actuarial Assumptions
(a)
The rate of compensation increase is not used to determine the net periodic benefit cost and benefit obligation for the U.S. pension plans as these plans are frozen.
The assumptions are reviewed at least annually. We revise these assumptions based on an annual evaluation of long-term trends as well as market conditions that may have an impact on the cost of providing retirement benefits.
The weighted-average discount rate for our U.S. defined benefit plans is set with reference to the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed income investments, rated AA/Aa or better that reflect the rates at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. For our international plans, the discount rates are set by benchmarking