financial significance of the product protected by the patent(s) at issue. Some of the matters discussed below include those which management believes that the likelihood of possible loss in excess of amounts accrued is remote.
A1. Legal Proceedings––Patent Litigation
We are involved in suits relating to our patents (or those of our collaboration/licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promotion rights), including but not limited to, those discussed below. We face claims by generic drug manufacturers that patents covering our products (or those of our collaboration/licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promotion rights and to which we may or may not be a party), processes or dosage forms are invalid and/or do not cover the product of the generic drug manufacturer. Also, counterclaims, as well as various independent actions, have been filed alleging that our assertions of, or attempts to enforce, patent rights with respect to certain products constitute unfair competition and/or violations of antitrust laws. In addition to the challenges to the U.S. patents that are discussed below, patent rights to certain of our products or those of our collaboration/licensing partners are being challenged in various other jurisdictions. Some of our collaboration or licensing partners face challenges to the validity of their patent rights in non-U.S. jurisdictions. For example, in April 2022, the U.K. High Court issued a judgment finding invalid a BMS patent related to Eliquis due to expire in 2026. In May 2023, the Court of Appeal dismissed BMS’s appeal and in October 2023, the Supreme Court refused BMS permission to appeal. Additional challenges are pending in other jurisdictions. Also, in July 2022, CureVac AG (CureVac) brought a patent infringement action against BioNTech and certain of its subsidiaries in the German Regional Court alleging that Comirnaty infringes certain German utility model patents and certain expired and unexpired European patents. Additional challenges
21
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
involving Comirnaty patents may be filed against us and/or BioNTech in other jurisdictions in the future. Adverse decisions in these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
We are also party to patent damages suits in various jurisdictions pursuant to which generic drug manufacturers, payors, governments or other parties are seeking damages from us for allegedly causing delay of generic entry.
We also are often involved in other proceedings, such as inter partes review, post-grant review, re-examination or opposition proceedings, before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the European Patent Office, or other foreign counterparts, as well as court proceedings relating to our intellectual property or the intellectual property rights of others, including challenges to such rights initiated by us. Also, if one of our patents (or