crystalline form patent for Inlyta that expires in 2030. In November 2024, we filed suit against Sandoz in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the crystalline form patent for Inlyta.
Actions in Which We are the Defendant
Comirnaty (tozinameran)
In March 2022, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Alnylam) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer and Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary, alleging that Comirnaty infringes a U.S. patent issued in February 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In July 2022, Alnylam filed a second complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer, Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC, BioNTech and BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH, alleging that Comirnaty infringes a U.S. patent issued in July 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In May 2023, Alnylam filed a separate complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer and Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC alleging that Comirnaty infringes
four
additional U.S. patents issued on various dates in 2023 and seeking unspecified monetary damages.
In August 2022, ModernaTX, Inc. (ModernaTX) and Moderna US, Inc. (Moderna) sued Pfizer, BioNTech, BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH and BioNTech US Inc. in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts, alleging that Comirnaty infringes
three
U.S. patents. In its complaint, Moderna stated that it is seeking damages for alleged infringement occurring after March 7, 2022. In March 2024, the U.S. Patent Office Patent Trial & Appeal Board instituted a review of
two
of the
three
patents in suit.
In August 2022, ModernaTX filed a patent infringement action in Germany against Pfizer and certain subsidiary companies, as well as BioNTech and certain subsidiary companies, alleging that Comirnaty infringes
two
European patents. In September 2022, ModernaTX filed patent infringement actions in the U.K. and in the Netherlands against Pfizer and certain subsidiary companies, as well as BioNTech and certain subsidiary companies, on the same
two
European patents. In its complaints, ModernaTX stated that it is seeking damages for alleged infringement occurring after March 7, 2022. In November 2023,
one
of the European patents was revoked by the European Patent Office. In December 2023, the other European patent was declared invalid by a court in the Netherlands (the invalidity decision is limited to the Netherlands). In July 2024, the U.K. court revoked
one
patent, ruling that it was invalid, and held that the other patent was valid and infringed. ModernaTX has also filed additional patent infringement actions against Pfizer and BioNTech in certain other ex-U.S. jurisdictions.
In April 2023, Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (Arbutus) and Genevant Sciences GmbH (Genevant) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against