and biosimilar manufacturers have filed or could file applications with the FDA seeking approval of product candidates that they claim do not infringe our or our collaboration and licensing partners’ patents or claim that our or our collaboration and licensing partners’ patents are not valid. We and our licensing and collaboration partners also face challenges in various jurisdictions by generic drug manufacturers to patents covering products for which we have patent rights, licenses or co-promotion rights. See
Note 16A1
.
We may become subject to competition from biosimilars referencing our biologic products if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for such biosimilars.
We also commercialize biosimilar products that compete with products of others, including other biosimilar products. The number of current and forthcoming competing biosimilars, coupled with Medicare’s average sales price-based provider reimbursement methodology, is expected to increase pricing pressures on our biosimilar products. Uptake of our biosimilars may be lower due to various factors, such as access challenges where our product may not receive appropriate coverage/reimbursement access or remains in a disadvantaged position relative to an innovator product.
For additional information on competition our products face, see the
Item 1. Business
—
Competition
section.
CONCENTRATION
We recorded revenues of more than $1 billion for each of 11 products that collectively accounted for 66% of
Total revenues
in 2024. For example, Eliquis accounted for 12% of
Total revenues
in 2024. See
Notes 1
and
17
. If these products or any of our other major products were to, or continue to (if applicable), experience loss of patent protection (if applicable), changes in prescription or vaccination purchasing or growth rates, reduced product demand, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, regulatory proceedings or investigations, lower governmental and/or regulatory confidence, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from competitive products, changes in recommendations and coverage, changes in labeling, pricing and access pressures, including those related to the IRA, or supply shortages or if a new, more effective product should be introduced, the adverse impact on our revenues could be significant and our revenue forecasts and expectations could prove to be inaccurate and we may fail to meet these expectations. In particular, certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. While additional patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries in 2025 and anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent-based or regulatory