elected payment over eight years through 2026. See
Note 5D
for uncertain tax positions and
Note 5A
for the repatriation tax liability and other estimates and assumptions in connection with the TCJA.
Income Tax Contingencies
––We account for income tax contingencies using a benefit recognition model. If we consider that a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit, based solely on the technical merits of the position, we recognize all or a portion of the benefit. We measure the benefit by determining the amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement, presuming that the tax position is examined by the taxing authority with full knowledge of all relevant information.
We regularly monitor our position and subsequently recognize the unrecognized tax benefit: (i) if there are changes in tax law, analogous case law or there is new information that sufficiently raise the likelihood of prevailing on the technical merits of the position to “more likely than not”; (ii) if the statute of limitations expires; or (iii) if there is a completion of an audit resulting in a favorable settlement of that tax year with the appropriate agency. Liabilities for uncertain tax positions are classified as current only when we expect to pay cash within the next 12 months. Interest and penalties, if any, are recorded in
Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income
and are classified on our consolidated balance sheet with the related tax liability.
Our assessments are based on estimates and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management, but our estimates of unrecognized tax benefits and potential tax benefits may not be representative of actual outcomes, and variation from such estimates could materially affect our financial statements in the period of settlement or when the statutes of limitations expire, as we treat these events as discrete items in the period of resolution.
R.
Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans
The majority of our employees worldwide are covered by defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans or both. In the U.S., we have both IRC-qualified and supplemental (non-qualified) defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans, as well as other postretirement benefit plans consisting primarily of medical insurance for retirees and their eligible dependents. Net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs other than the service costs are recognized in
Other (income)/deductions—net
. We immediately recognize actuarial gains and losses arising from the remeasurement of our pension and postretirement plans (mark-to-market accounting). Each time a pension or postretirement plan is remeasured, the actuarial gain or loss is recognized immediately and classified as
Other (income)/deductions––net
. We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of each of our defined benefit plans as an asset or liability. The obligations are generally measured at the actuarial present value of all