value, with changes in fair value reported in
Other (income)/deductions––net
. See
Note 4
.
(a)
See
Note 6
.
(b)
Included in
Other (income)/deductions
––
net
.
(c)
Adjustments in 2024 include (i) the impact of Haleon’s brand divestitures and impairments of intangible assets and (ii) changes in Haleon’s tax rates on intangible asset-related deferred tax liabilities.
(d)
In 2024, includes (i) a decrease of $
91
million recorded in the second quarter of 2024 for Pfizer’s share of an investee capital transaction recognized by Haleon for treasury stock Haleon purchased in the first quarter of 2024 and (ii) an increase of $
46
million recorded in the third quarter of 2024 for the impact of the reduction in Pfizer’s ownership from approximately
32
% to approximately
23
% as applied to dividends with a record date in the first quarter of 2024, which were recognized in Haleon’s second quarter 2024 financial statements.
(e)
The 2024 activity primarily represent foreign currency translation balances in
Accumulated other comprehensive income
related to the equity-method investment in Haleon that were reclassified into
Equity-method investments
upon our loss of significant influence over Haleon and our discontinuance of the equity method for the Haleon investment.
(f)
The final carrying value of our equity-method investment in Haleon was reclassified to
Short-term investments
and is being accounted for as an equity investment with a readily determinable fair value.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
In connection with GSK’s previously announced planned demerger of at least
80
% of GSK’s
68
% equity interest in the Consumer Healthcare JV, in March 2022 the Consumer Healthcare JV completed its offering of a total aggregate principal amount of $
8.75
billion in U.S. dollar-denominated senior notes of various maturities, €
2.35
billion in euro-denominated senior notes of various maturities and £
700
million in U.K. pound-denominated senior notes of various maturities (collectively, the “notes”). The notes were guaranteed by GSK generally up to and excluding the date of the demerger (the “Guarantee Assumption Date”). We agreed to indemnify GSK for
32
% (representing our pro rata equity interest in the Consumer Healthcare JV at that time) of any amount payable by GSK pursuant to its guarantee of the notes. Our indemnity was provided solely for the benefit of GSK. Neither we, nor any of our subsidiaries, were an issuer or guarantor of any of the notes.
Following its issuance of the notes in March 2022, which fell in our international second quarter of 2022, the Consumer Healthcare JV loaned to us and GSK the net proceeds received from the notes on a pro rata equity ownership basis, for which we received a loan of £
2.9
billion ($
3.7
billion as of the end of our second quarter of 2022), at an interest rate of
1.365
% per annum payable semi-annually in arrears. In conjunction with the demerger, we received £
3.5
billion ($