E. Cash Flows
It is our practice to fund amounts for our qualified pension plans that are at least sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in applicable employee benefit laws and local tax laws.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
The above table reflects the total U.S. and international plan benefits projected to be paid from the plans or from our general assets under the current actuarial assumptions used for the calculation of the benefit obligation.
F. Defined Contribution Plans
We have defined contribution plans in the U.S. and other countries. For the majority of the U.S. defined contribution plans, employees may contribute a portion of their salaries and bonuses to the plans, and we match, in cash, a portion of the employee contributions. We also offer a Retirement Savings Contribution which is an annual non-contributory employer contribution in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. We recorded charges related to the employer contributions to global defined contribution plans of $
800
million in 2024, $
843
million in 2023 and $
770
million in 2022.
Note 12.
Equity
A. Common Stock Purchases
We have authorization to purchase our common stock through privately negotiated transactions or in the open market as circumstances and prices warrant. Purchased shares under a share-purchase plan, which is authorized by our BOD, are available for general corporate purposes. In December 2018, the BOD authorized a $
10
billion share repurchase program to be utilized over time and share repurchases commenced thereunder in the first quarter of 2019.
In the first quarter of 2022, we purchased
39
million shares of our common stock at a cost of $
2
billion under our publicly announced share-purchase plan. Our remaining share-purchase authorization was $
3.3
billion as of December 31, 2024.
B. Preferred Stock
We have
27
million authorized shares of preferred stock without par value;
no
shares were issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
C. Employee Stock Ownership Plans
We have
one
ESOP that holds common stock of the Company (Common ESOP). As of December 31, 2024, all shares of common stock held by the Common ESOP have been allocated to the Pfizer U.S. defined contribution plan participants. The compensation cost related to the Common ESOP was $
16
million for 2024, $
20
million for 2023 and $
19
million for 2022.
Note 13.
Share-Based Payments
Our compensation programs can include share-based payment awards with value that is determined by reference to the fair value of our shares and that provide for the grant of shares or options to acquire shares or similar arrangements. Our share-based awards are designed based on competitive survey data or industry peer groups used for compensation purposes, and are allocated between different long-term incentive awards, generally in the form of Total Shareholder Return Units (TSRUs), Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), Portfolio Performance Shares (PPSs),