either an indefinite life or expiring at various times from 2025 to 2044. Certain of our U.S. net operating losses and general business credits are subject to limitations under IRC Section 382.
As of December 31, 2024, we have not made a U.S. tax provision on $
58.0
billion
of unremitted earnings of our international subsidiaries. As these earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested overseas, the determination of a hypothetical unrecognized deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2024 is not practicable. The amount of indefinitely reinvested earnings is based on estimates and assumptions and subject to management evaluation, and is subject to change in the normal course of business based on operational cash flow, completion of local statutory financial statements and the finalization of tax returns and audits, among other things. Accordingly, we regularly update our earnings and profits analysis for such events.
D. Tax Contingencies
For a description of our accounting policies associated with accounting for income tax contingencies, see
Note 1Q
.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Uncertain Tax Positions
As tax law is complex and often subject to varied interpretations, it is uncertain whether some of our tax positions will be sustained upon audit. As of December 31, 2024, we had
$
2.0
billion and as of December 31, 2023, we had $
3.1
billion in net unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated interest.
•
Tax assets for uncertain tax positions represent our estimate of the potential tax benefits in one tax jurisdiction that could result from the payment of income taxes in another tax jurisdiction. These potential benefits generally result from cooperative efforts among taxing authorities, as required by tax treaties to minimize double taxation, commonly referred to as the competent authority process. The recoverability of these assets, which we believe to be more likely than not, is dependent upon the actual payment of taxes in one tax jurisdiction and, in some cases, the successful petition for recovery in another tax jurisdiction. In 2024, tax assets for uncertain tax positions also include the expected filing of an amended income tax return relating to the Transition Tax liability under the TCJA. As of December 31, 2024, we had $
2.5
billion in assets associated with uncertain tax positions mainly included in
Noncurrent deferred tax assets and other noncurrent tax assets
. As of December 31, 2023, we had $
1.7
billion in assets associated with uncertain tax positions mainly included in
Noncurrent deferred tax assets and other noncurrent tax assets
.
•
The majority of these unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact our effective income tax rate.
(a)
Primarily included in
Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income.
(b)
In 2024, the amount includes a gross unrecognized tax benefit associated with the expected filing of an amended income tax return related to the Transition Tax