employees, consumers, governments and other stakeholders.
MARKET FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR EQUITY AND OTHER INVESTMENTS
Changes in the fair value of certain equity investments that are recognized in net income may result in increased volatility of our income. See
Note 4
and the
Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk
section within MD&A.
Our pension benefit obligations and postretirement benefit obligations are subject to volatility from changes in the fair value of equity investments and other investment risk in the assets funding these plans, as well as changes in the appropriate discount rate. See the
Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions
—
Benefit Plans
section within MD&A and
Note 11
.
COST AND EXPENSE CONTROL AND UNUSUAL EVENTS
Growth in costs and expenses, changes in product and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, internal reorganizations, product withdrawals, recalls and other unusual events that could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future results. Such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, our ability to realize the projected benefits of our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, including our enterprise-wide cost realignment program and manufacturing optimization program, other corporate strategic initiatives and any acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives, as well as potential disruption of ongoing business, such as potential impacts on our ability to deliver on our pipeline as planned. Additionally, as a result of these initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge or intellectual property and/or inefficiency, adverse effects on employee morale, loss of key employees and/or other retention issues during transitional periods. Reorganizations and restructurings can require a significant amount of time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of restructuring, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND EQUITY-METHOD INVESTMENTS
Our consolidated balance sheet contains significant amounts of intangible assets, including IPR&D and goodwill. For IPR&D assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield successful products. Our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. As such, IPR&D assets may become impaired and/or be written off in the future if the associated R&D effort is abandoned or is curtailed. For goodwill, all reporting units can confront events and