in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability and brand or reputational harm. Furthermore, use of AI may lead to the release of confidential information which may impact our ability to realize the benefits of our data, including intellectual property.
GENERAL RISKS
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC GOALS
We have established significant growth goals, which we plan to achieve, in part, by not only advancing our own product pipelines and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various forms of business development activities, which can include alliances, licenses, JVs, collaborations, equity- or debt-based investments, dispositions, divestments, mergers and acquisitions. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. The success of our business development activities is dependent on the availability and accurate evaluation of appropriate opportunities, competition from others that are seeking similar opportunities and our ability to successfully identify, structure and execute transactions, including the ability to satisfy closing conditions in the anticipated timeframes or at all, and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and develop and commercialize acquired products. Pursuing, executing and consummating these transactions may require substantial investment, which may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which has in the past and could in the future result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain future financing. We have incurred substantial indebtedness to fund our acquisition of Seagen. We financed a portion of the transaction with the proceeds from the $31 billion of long-term debt issued in May 2023, plus additional short-term indebtedness issued prior to the acquisition. The amount of debt that we have incurred could have significant consequences including, among other things, reducing our operating or financial flexibility, requiring a portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business. To the extent we incur additional indebtedness or interest rates increase, these risks could increase further.
The success of our business development transactions depends on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions and is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Unsuccessful clinical trials, regulatory hurdles, new information and commercialization challenges, among other factors, may adversely impact revenue and income contribution from business development transactions, including