or future executive orders or other new or changes in laws, regulations or policy regarding tariffs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings and financial guidance. The actual impact of the new tariffs on our business is subject to a number of factors including, but not limited to, restrictions on trade, the effective date and duration of such tariffs, countries included in the scope of tariffs, changes to amounts of tariffs, and potential retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries. We are evaluating opportunities and developing plans which may help mitigate the potential impact of tariffs on our business and operations. For additional information on risks related to our global operations and changes in laws, see the
Item 1A. Risk Factors—Global Operations
and ––
Changes in Laws and Accounting Standar
ds
sections.
COVID-19
––In response to COVID-19, we developed Paxlovid and collaborated with BioNTech to jointly develop Comirnaty. As part of our strategy for COVID-19, we are continuing to make significant investments in breakthrough science. This includes continuing to evaluate Comirnaty and Paxlovid, including against new variants of concern, developing variant adapted vaccine candidates and developing potential combination respiratory vaccines and potential next generation vaccines and therapies. We are also evaluating Paxlovid for certain pediatric patients. See the
Product Developments
section within MD&A.
In 2023, we principally sold Comirnaty globally under government contracts. In September 2023, Comirnaty transitioned to traditional commercial market sales in the U.S., triggered by the expiration of contracts and the COVID-19 vaccines from Pfizer and BioNTech purchased through them becoming either depleted or not used following the introduction of a new variant vaccine. Internationally, sales of Comirnaty in international developed markets were generally under government contracts in 2023 and 2024, and in emerging markets, under a combination of private channels and government contracts; in both cases, we started transitioning to commercial markets in 2024. Due to the commercial market transition as well as the seasonality of demand for COVID-19 vaccinations, the majority of our global revenues for Comirnaty were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2024. In 2025, for Comirnaty we expect vaccination rates and market share in commercial markets and revenue phasing similar to 2024, primarily concentrated in the second-half of the year. We have assumed no material U.S. policy changes for our vaccines portfolio in 2025 for purposes of our financial guidance, but see
Item 1A. Risk Factors—U.S.
Healthcare Regulati
on
for a description of risks and uncertainties that could impact revenue from our portfolio of vaccines.
In 2023, we principally sold Paxlovid globally to government agencies. On October 13, 2023, we announced an amended agreement with the U.S. government, which facilitated the transition of Paxlovid to