(iv) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing partners to the validity of their patent rights; or (v) any pressure from, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products, including Comirnaty and Paxlovid;
•
any significant breakdown or interruption of our IT systems and infrastructure (including cloud services);
•
any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a cyber-attack, which may include those using adversarial AI techniques, or other malfeasance by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others; and
•
risks and challenges related to the use of software and services that include AI-based functionality and other emerging technologies.
ABOUT PFIZER
Pfizer Inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. We apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives through the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. We work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. We collaborate with healthcare providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 2, 1942.
Most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. We believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and patients through improved treatment of diseases and improvements in health, wellness and productivity as well as by reducing other healthcare costs, such as emergency room visits or hospitalizations. We seek to enhance the value of our medicines and vaccines and actively engage in dialogues about how we can best work with patients, physicians and payors to prevent and treat disease and improve outcomes. We seek to maximize patient access and evaluate our pricing arrangements and contracting methods with payors to minimize adverse impact on our revenues within the current legal and pricing structures.
We are committed to fulfilling our purpose:
Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives
. Our purpose fuels everything we do and reflects both our passion for science and our commitment to patients. Our core business principles are:
1.
Trust is Everything
2.
Science Will Win
3.
Disruption Calls for Innovation
4.
Time is Life
5.
Execution Makes the Difference.
Our 2025 key priorities are:
1.
Improve R&D productivity with sharpened focus
2.
Expand margins