during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their most directly comparable GAAP measures of
Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders
, components of
Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders
and
EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—diluted
, respectively.
We also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. We also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. For example, our R&D organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. In addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans.
Adjusted Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS
Amortization of Intangible Assets
—Adjusted income excludes all amortization of intangible assets.
Acquisition-Related Items
—Adjusted income excludes certain acquisition-related items, which are composed of transaction, integration, restructuring charges and additional depreciation costs for business combinations because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred to restructure and integrate businesses as a result of an acquisition. We have made no adjustments for resulting synergies. Acquisition-related items may include purchase accounting impacts such as
43
the incremental charge to cost of sales from the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value, depreciation related to the increase/decrease in fair value of acquired fixed assets, amortization related to the increase in fair value of acquired debt, and the fair value changes for contingent consideration.
Discontinued Operations
—Adjusted income excludes the results of discontinued operations, as well as any related gains or losses on the disposal of such operations. We believe that this presentation is meaningful to investors because, while we review our product portfolio for strategic fit with our operations, we do not build or run our business with the intent to discontinue parts of our business. Restatements due to discontinued operations do not impact compensation or change the Adjusted income measure for the compensation in respect of the restated periods, but are presented for consistency across all periods.
Certain Significant Items
—Adjusted income excludes certain significant items representing substantive and/or unusual items that are evaluated individually on a quantitative and qualitative basis. Certain significant items may be highly variable and difficult to predict. Furthermore, in some cases it is reasonably possible that they could reoccur in future periods. For example, although major non-acquisition-