a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which incorporates the consideration of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions that impact our fair value estimates include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections and the impact of technological advancements and risk associated with IPR&D assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the jurisdictional mix of the projected cash flows.
While all intangible assets other than goodwill can face events and circumstances that can lead to impairment, those that are most at risk of impairment include IPR&D assets (approximately $18.9 billion as of December 31, 2024) and newly acquired or recently impaired indefinite-lived brand assets. IPR&D assets are high-risk assets, given the uncertain nature of R&D. Newly acquired and recently impaired indefinite-lived assets are more vulnerable to impairment as the assets are recorded at fair value and are then subsequently measured at the lower of fair value or carrying value at the end of each reporting period. As such, immediately after acquisition or impairment, even small declines in the outlook for these assets can negatively impact our ability to recover the carrying value and can result in an impairment charge.
Goodwill
––Our goodwill impairment review work as of December 31, 2024 concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired and we do not believe the risk of impairment is significant at this time, as the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly higher than their respective net book values.
In our review, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Qualitative factors that we consider include, for example, macroeconomic and industry conditions, overall financial performance and other relevant entity-specific events. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then perform a quantitative fair value test.
When we are required to determine the fair value of a reporting unit, we typically use the income approach. The income approach is a forward-looking approach to estimating fair value and relies primarily on internal forecasts. Within the income approach, we use the discounted cash flow method. We start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows for the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then we apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net