activities performed in connection with certain licensing arrangements.
L.
Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expenses
Before a compound receives regulatory approval, we record upfront and milestone payments we make to third parties under licensing and collaboration arrangements as expense. Upfront payments are recorded when incurred, and milestone payments are recorded when the specific milestone has been achieved. Once a compound receives regulatory approval, we record any milestone payments in
Identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization
and, unless the asset is determined to have an indefinite life, we typically amortize the payments on a straight-line basis over the remaining agreement term or the expected product life cycle, whichever is shorter.
Acquired in-process research and development expenses
includes costs incurred in connection with (a) all upfront and milestone payments on collaboration and in-license agreements, including premiums on equity securities and (b) asset acquisitions of acquired IPR&D.
M. Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets include:
•
Property, plant and equipment, net
—These assets are recorded at cost, including any significant improvements after purchase, less accumulated depreciation. Property, plant and equipment assets, other than land and construction in progress, are depreciated on a
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the individual assets. Depreciation begins when the asset is ready for its intended use. For tax purposes, accelerated depreciation methods are used as allowed by tax laws.
•
Identifiable intangible assets, net
—These assets are recorded at fair value at acquisition. Intangible assets with finite lives
are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized until a useful life can be determined.
•
Goodwill
—Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred for an acquired business over the assigned values of its net assets. Goodwill is not amortized.
Amortization of finite-lived acquired intangible assets is included in
Amortization of intangible assets.
We review our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year. We perform impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually and for all other long-lived assets whenever impairment indicators are present. When necessary, we record impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets.
Specifically:
•
For finite-lived intangible assets, such as developed technology rights, and for other long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment, whenever impairment indicators are present, we calculate the undiscounted value of the projected cash flows for the asset, or asset group, and compare this estimated amount to