and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions—Benefit Plans
section within MD&A and
Note 11
.
PRODUCT MANUFACTURING, SALES AND MARKETING RISKS
We could encounter difficulties, delays or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing and distribution networks, as well as sales or marketing, due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages or strikes, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on, reputational harm, the impact to our facilities due to health pandemics or natural or man-made disasters, including as a result of climate change, product liability or unanticipated costs. Examples of such difficulties or delays include the inability to increase or maintain production capacity commensurate with demand; challenges related to component materials to maintain supply and/or appropriate quality standards throughout our supply network and/or comply with applicable regulations; inability to supply certain products due to voluntary product recalls or withdrawals, including, for example, our voluntary withdrawal of all lots of Oxbryta in all markets where it is approved; and supply chain disruptions at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor. In addition, we engage contract manufacturers, and, from time to time, our contract manufacturers may face difficulties or are unable to manufacture our products at the necessary quantity or quality levels.
Regulatory agencies periodically inspect our manufacturing facilities, as well as third-party facilities that we rely on, to evaluate compliance with cGMP or other applicable requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to possible legal or regulatory actions, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctions, debarment, product recalls, delays or denials of product approvals, import bans or denials of import certifications.
In response to requests from various regulatory authorities, manufacturers across the pharmaceutical industry, including Pfizer, are evaluating their product portfolios for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines and we are actively engaging with regulatory authorities on this topic. If nitrosamines are detected above certain levels in our products, this may lead to market action for such products. For example, i
n 2021, Pfizer recalled all lots of Chantix due to the presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline, at or above the acceptable intake limits communicated by various regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities have since issued updated guidance on nitrosamine acceptable intake levels. With this guidance, which included an updated intake level for N-nitroso-varenicline, we have started making regulatory submissions to potentially enable Chantix to return to market in the U.S. and in certain international markets.
See the
Overview of Our Performance,