aggregate net sales of Tivdak for indications other than second-line plus mCC.
Further, pursuant to the agreement with Zai Lab, Pfizer is entitled to receive potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments, and tiered royalties on net sales of Tivdak in the Zai Lab territories, which will be shared equally with Genmab.
(16)
The basic product patent application has been filed in this market. If granted, a full term is expected in this market.
(17)
Product is being commercialized in collaboration with BioNTech. The Comirnaty trademark covers marketed variants.
(18)
The basic product patent has been granted in the U.K. and expires in 2041. In the other major markets, a patent application has been filed. If granted, a full term is expected.
(19)
Pfizer does not have co-promotion rights for this product in Germany.
For information regarding profit sharing and royalty arrangements for certain of these products, see
Item 1. Business—Collaboration and Co-Promotion Agreements
.
Loss of Intellectual Property Rights.
The loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and judgments and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Once patent protection has expired or has been lost prior to the expiration date as a result of a legal challenge, we typically lose market exclusivity on these products, and generic and biosimilar pharmaceutical manufacturers generally produce identical or highly similar products and sell them for a lower price. The date at which generic or biosimilar competition commences may be different from the date that the patent or regulatory exclusivity expires. However, when generic or biosimilar competition does commence, the resulting price competition can substantially decrease our revenues for the impacted products, often in a very short period of time. Also, if one of our product-related patents is found to be invalid by judicial, court, regulatory or administrative proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be introduced, resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. Additionally, we could be subject to claims that our intellectual property rights infringe third party patents.
Certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. While additional patent-based or regulatory exclusivity
expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries in 2025 and anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience these expirations. There is no assurance that a particular product will maintain market exclusivity for the full time period that appears in the