we paid Biohaven $
500
million, including an upfront payment of $
150
million and an equity investment of $
350
million. We recognized $
263
million for the upfront payment and premium paid on our equity investment in
Acquired in-process research and development expenses
. In October 2022, we acquired all outstanding common shares of Biohaven not already owned by us for $
148.50
per share, in cash, for payments of approximately $
11.5
billion. See
Note 2A
.
Summarized Financial Information for Collaborative Arrangements
(a)
Represents sales to our partners of products manufactured by us.
(b)
Substantially all relates to amounts earned from our partners under co-promotion agreements. The increase in 2024 was primarily driven by an increase in Alliance revenues from Eliquis and Xtandi, partially offset by a decrease in Alliance revenues from Bavencio. The decrease in 2023 was primarily driven by a decline in Alliance revenues from Comirnaty, partially offset by an increase in Alliance revenues from Eliquis.
(c)
Primarily relates to royalties from our collaboration partners.
(d)
Primarily relates to amounts paid to collaboration partners for their share of net sales or profits earned in collaboration arrangements where we are the principal in the transaction, and cost of sales for inventory purchased from our partners. The decreases in 2024 and in 2023 primarily relate to Comirnaty.
(e)
Represents net reimbursements to our partners for selling, informational and administrative expenses incurred.
(f)
Represents net reimbursements from our partners for research and development expenses incurred.
(g)
Primarily relates to upfront payments to our partners as well as premiums paid on our equity investments in the common stock of our partners.
(h)
Relates to exit costs associated with terminating a collaboration with SMPS.
The amounts outlined in the above table do not include transactions with third parties other than our collaboration partners, or other costs for the products under the collaborative arrangements.
E.
Research and Development Arrangement
Research and Development Funding Arrangement with Blackstone––
In April 2023, we entered into an arrangement with Blackstone under which we will receive up to a total of $
550
million in 2023 through 2026 to co-fund our quarterly development costs for specified treatments. As there is substantive transfer of risk to the financial partner, the development funding is recognized by us as an obligation to perform contractual services. We are recognizing the funding as a reduction of
Research and development expenses
using an attribution model over the period of the related expenses. The reduction to
Research and development expenses
in 2024 and 2023 was $
135
million and $
175
million,
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
respectively. If successful, upon regulatory approval in the U.S. or certain major markets in the EU for the indications based on the applicable