active voxelotor clinical trials and expanded access programs worldwide. Pfizer’s decision was based on the totality of clinical data that indicated at that time the overall benefit of Oxbryta no longer outweighs the risk in the approved sickle cell patient population. The data suggested an imbalance in vaso-occlusive crises and fatal events, which requires further assessment that remains ongoing. Pfizer has notified regulatory authorities about these findings and its decision to voluntarily withdraw Oxbryta from the market and discontinue distribution and clinical studies while further reviewing the available data and investigating the findings. We are working with the FDA, EMA and other global regulatory authorities and expect the assessment to be completed in the first half of 2025.
In July 2024, the EMA initiated a referral procedure under Article 20 of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 for Oxbryta (voxelotor) to review the product’s benefits and risks. In October 2024, the EC suspended the Oxbryta marketing authorization while the EMA’s review of data is ongoing. In addition, the FDA has initiated an evaluation of newly identified safety signals. The FDA also has placed the Oxbryta (voxelotor) investigational new drug application on clinical hold following Pfizer’s market withdrawal. Pfizer is working with the EMA, FDA, and other regulators globally in relation to this matter.
The FDA has recently issued a partial clinical hold for osivelotor, which prohibits Pfizer from enrolling new participants into osivelotor clinical studies at this time. Study participants currently enrolled can continue on the study drug. Communication with the FDA is ongoing.
In October 2024, Pfizer stopped two clinical trials with sisunatovir (PF-07923568) following observed drug-drug interactions. Since then Pfizer has decided to terminate development of sisunatovir.
For additional information about our R&D organization, see
Note 17
and the
Item 1. Business
—
Research and Development
section. For additional information regarding certain collaboration arrangements, see
Item 1. Business
—
Collaboration and Co-Promotion Agreements
.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE: ADJUSTED INCOME
Adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance as a supplement to our GAAP Reported performance measures. As such, we believe that investors’ understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. We use Adjusted income, certain components of Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted EPS to present the results of our major operations––the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide––prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows:
(a)
Most directly comparable GAAP measure.
(b)
The short-term incentive plans for substantially all non-sales-force employees worldwide are funded from a pool based on our performance, measured in significant part