products, which can include personal injury, consumer fraud, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, among others, and often involves highly complex issues relating to medical causation, label warnings and reliance on those warnings, scientific evidence and findings, actual, provable injury and other matters.
•
Commercial and other asserted or unasserted matters, which can include acquisition-, licensing-, intellectual property-, collaboration- or co-promotion-related and product-pricing claims and environmental claims and proceedings, and can involve complexities that will vary from matter to matter.
•
Government investigations, which often are related to the extensive regulation of pharmaceutical companies by national, state and local government agencies in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions.
Certain of these contingencies could result in increased expenses and/or losses, including damages, royalty payments, fines and/or civil penalties, which could be substantial, and/or criminal charges.
We believe that our claims and defenses in matters in which we are a defendant are substantial, but litigation is inherently unpredictable and excessive verdicts do occur. We do not believe that any of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial position. However, we could incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of matters, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and/or our cash flows in the period in which the amounts are accrued or paid.
We have accrued for losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable. Substantially all of our contingencies are subject to significant uncertainties and, therefore, determining the likelihood of a loss and/or the measurement of any loss can be complex. Consequently, we are unable to estimate the range of reasonably possible loss in excess of amounts accrued. Our assessments, which result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties, are based on estimates and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management, but that may prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that might cause us to change those estimates and assumptions.
Amounts recorded for legal and environmental contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. For proceedings under environmental laws to which a governmental authority is a party, we have adopted a disclosure threshold of $
1
million in potential or actual governmental monetary sanctions.
The principal pending matters to which we are a party are discussed below. In determining whether a pending matter is a principal matter, we consider both quantitative and qualitative factors to assess materiality, such as, among others, the amount of damages and the nature of other relief