check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).     ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  ☐    No
☒
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $
158
billion. This excludes shares of common stock held by directors and executive officers. Exclusion of shares held by any person should not be construed to indicate that such person possesses the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant, or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. The registrant has no non-voting common stock.
The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock as of February 20, 2025 was
5,667,340,414
shares of common stock, all of one class.
Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Pfizer,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” in this Form 10-K (defined below) refer to Pfizer Inc. and its subsidiaries. For each year presented, Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. is as of and for the year ended November 30 and for U.S. subsidiaries is as of and for the year ended December 31. References to “Notes” in this Form 10-K are to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
in this Form 10-K. We also have used several other terms in this Form 10-K, most of which are explained or defined below:
(a)
Certain uses of Paxlovid and COVID-19 vaccines from BioNTech and Pfizer have not been approved or licensed by the FDA. Paxlovid has been authorized for emergency use by the FDA under an EUA for the treatment of mild-to-moderate COVID-19 in pediatric patients (12 years of age and older weighing at least 40 kg) who are at high risk for progression to severe COVID-19, including hospitalization or death. Emergency uses of COVID-19 vaccines from Pfizer and BioNTech, including Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2024-2025 Formula), have been authorized for emergency use by the FDA under an EUA to prevent COVID-19 in individuals aged 6 months of age and older. The emergency uses are only authorized for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of the medical product during the COVID-19 pandemic under Section 564(b)(1) of the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act, unless the declaration is terminated or authorization revoked sooner. Please see the EUA Fact Sheets at
www.covid19oralrx.com
and
www.cvdvaccine-us.com
.
This Form 10-K includes