estimates included in this Form 10-K or that we assume when we provide our financial guidance. For additional information on the impact of loss of patent-based exclusivity or regulatory exclusivity on our revenues, see the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook—Our 2023 Performance
section within MD&A.
We continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access. See the
Item 1A. Risk Factors
—
Competitive Products,
—
Intellectual Property Protection
and
—
Third-Party Intellectual Property Claims
sections and
Note 16A1
.
Trademarks
. Our products are sold under brand-name and logo trademarks and trade dress. Registrations generally are for fixed, but renewable, terms and protection is provided in some countries for as long as the mark is used while in others, for as long as it is registered. Protecting our trademarks is of material importance to us.
COMPETITION
Our business is conducted in intensely competitive and highly regulated markets. Many of our products face competition in the form of branded or generic drugs or biosimilars that treat similar diseases or indications. The principal forms of competition include efficacy, safety, ease of use and cost. Though the means of competition vary among our products, demonstrating the value of our products is a critical factor for success.
We compete with other companies that manufacture and sell products that treat or prevent diseases or indications similar to those treated or prevented by our major products. These competitors include other worldwide research-based biopharmaceutical companies, smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus and generic drug and biosimilar manufacturers. Our competitors also may devote substantial funds and resources to R&D and their successful R&D could result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of our products in development, as well as product obsolescence. In addition, several of our competitors operate without large R&D expenses and make a regular practice of challenging our product patents before their expiration.
To help address competitive trends we continually emphasize innovation, which is underscored by our multi-billion-dollar investment in R&D, as well as our business development transactions, both designed to result in a strong and differentiated product pipeline. Our investment in research continues even after drug or vaccine approval as we seek to further demonstrate the value of our products for the conditions they treat or prevent, as well as investigating potential new applications. We educate patients, physicians, payors and global health authorities on the benefits and risks of our medicines and vaccines, and seek to continually enhance the organizational effectiveness of our