clinical trials, Blackstone will be eligible to receive approval-based fixed milestone payments of up to $
468
million contingent upon the successful results of the clinical trials. Fixed milestone payments due upon approval will be recorded as intangible assets and amortized to
Amortization of intangible assets
over the shorter of the term of the agreement or estimated commercial life of the product. Following potential regulatory approval, Blackstone will be eligible to receive a combination of fixed milestone payments of up to $
550
million in total based on achievement of certain levels of cumulative applicable net sales, as well as royalties based on a mid-to-high single digit percentage of the applicable net sales. Fixed sales-based milestone payments will be recorded as intangible assets and amortized to
Amortization of intangible assets
over the shorter of the term of the agreement or estimated commercial life of the product, and royalties on net sales will be recorded as
Cost of sales
when incurred.
Note 3.
Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives
A. Realigning our Cost Base Program
In the fourth quarter of 2023, we announced that we launched a multi-year, enterprise-wide cost realignment program that aims to realign our costs with our longer-term revenue expectations. We expect costs associated with this multi-year effort to continue primarily through 2025 and to total approximately $
2.9
billion, primarily representing cash expenditures for severance, exit and implementation costs as well as asset write downs of which $
2.2
billion is associated with our Biopharma segment. From the start of this program through December 31, 2024, we incurred costs under this program of $
2.6
billion, of which $
2.1
billion is associated with our Biopharma segment (including $
2.0
billion of restructuring charges).
B. Manufacturing Optimization Program
In the second quarter of 2024, we announced that we launched a multi-year, multi-phased program to reduce our costs of goods sold, which is expected to include operational efficiencies, network structure changes, and product portfolio enhancements. The first phase of this program is focused on operational efficiencies and we expect costs for this first phase to total approximately $
1.6
billion, primarily representing cash expenditures for severance and implementation costs, all of which is associated with our Biopharma segment. These costs were recorded primarily in 2024, with cash outlays expected primarily in 2025 and 2026. From the start of this program through December 31, 2024, we incurred costs under this program of $
1.2
billion, substantially all of which is restructuring costs for our Biopharma segment.
C. Key Activities
(a)
Primarily represents cost-reduction initiatives. Amounts associated with our Biopharma segment: charges of $
1.8
billion for 2024 (including charges of $
1.2
billion for our Manufacturing Optimization