This program is expected to deliver total net cost savings of approximately $5.7 billion through 2027. The total net cost savings are composed of: (i) net cost savings of $4.5 billion expected to be achieved by the end of 2025, most of which was achieved by year-end 2024, and (ii) our recently announced additional anticipated net cost savings of $1.2 billion, primarily in SI&A, expected to be achieved by the end of 2027. In addition, we expect cost savings of approximately $500 million from our recently announced expansion of this program related to our R&D re-organization to be realized by the end of 2026, with the savings expected to be reinvested in R&D programs.
Manufacturing Optimization Program
––
We expect to begin to achieve initial savings from Phase 1 of this multi-phased program in the latter part of 2025 and continue to expect approximately $1.5 billion in net cost savings from this first phase by the end of 2027.
Certain qualifying costs for these programs in all periods since inception were recorded and reflected as Certain Significant Items and excluded from our non-GAAP measure of Adjusted Income. See the
Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income
section within MD&A.
For a description of our programs, as well as the anticipated and actual costs, see
Note 3
.
The program savings discussed above may be rounded and represent approximations. In addition to these programs, we continuously monitor our operations for cost reduction and/or productivity opportunities, especially in light of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity expiries as well as the expiration of collaborative arrangements for various products. Long-term improvement in gross margin will remain a key focus for the Company over the next few years.
Seagen acquisition
––
In connection with our acquisition of Seagen, we are focusing our efforts on achieving an appropriate cost structure for the combined company. We expect to generate approximately $1 billion of annual cost synergies, to be achieved by 2026. The one-time costs to generate these synergies are expected to be approximately $1.7 billion, incurred primarily from 2023 through 2025.
Other (Income)/Deductions—Net
The unfavorable period-over-period change of $273 million in the first quarter of 2025 was primarily driven by (i) net losses on equity securities in the first quarter of 2025 versus net gains on equity securities in the first quarter of 2024, (ii) the non-recurrence of a gain on the partial sale of our investment in Haleon in the first quarter of 2024 and (iii) higher intangible asset impairment charges, partially offset by (iv) lower net interest expense. See
Note 4
.
Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income
For information about our effective tax rate and the events and circumstances contributing to the changes between periods, as well as details about discrete elements that impacted our tax provisions, see
Note 5
.
See
Note 5A
in our 2024 Form 10-K for information on our cash paid for income taxes, net