with Iraqi Ministry of Health
In 2017, a number of U.S. service members, civilians, and their families brought a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against a number of pharmaceutical and medical devices companies, including Pfizer and certain of its subsidiaries, alleging that the defendants violated the U.S. Anti-Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health and seeks monetary relief. In July 2020, the District Court granted defendants’ motions to dismiss and dismissed all of plaintiffs’ claims. In January 2022, the Court of Appeals reversed the District Court’s decision. In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an order granting certiorari, vacating the Court of Appeals’ decision, and remanding the case to the Court of Appeals.
Allergan Complaint for Indemnity
In 2019, Pfizer was named as a defendant in a complaint, along with King, filed by Allergan Finance LLC (Allergan) in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, asserting claims for indemnity related to Kadian, which was owned for a short period by King in 2008, prior to Pfizer’s acquisition of King in 2010. This suit was voluntarily discontinued without prejudice in January 2021.
Breach of Contract – Comirnaty
In 2023, Pfizer and BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH initiated separate formal proceedings against the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Romania and Hungary in Belgium’s Court of First Instance of Brussels. Pfizer and BioNTech are seeking an order from the Court holding those countries to their commitments for COVID-19 vaccine orders, which were placed as part of their contracts signed in 2021.
A4. Legal Proceedings––Government Investigations
Like other multi-national pharmaceutical companies, we are subject to extensive regulation by government agencies in the U.S., other developed markets and multiple emerging markets in which we operate. Criminal charges, substantial fines and/or civil penalties, limitations on our ability to conduct business in applicable jurisdictions, corporate integrity or deferred prosecution agreements, as well as reputational harm and increased public interest in the matter could result from government investigations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we do business. These matters often involve government requests for information on a voluntary basis or through subpoenas after which the government may seek additional information through follow-up requests or additional subpoenas. In addition, in a
qui tam
lawsuit in which the government declines to intervene, the relator may still pursue a suit for the recovery of civil damages and penalties on behalf of the government. Among the investigations by government agencies are the matters discussed below.
Greenstone Antitrust Litigation
In 2019 and 2020, Attorneys General of more than 50 states