discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements, as discussed in the
Forward-Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results
section.
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS, INDUSTRY AND OPERATIONS:
MANAGED CARE TRENDS
Private payors, such as health plans, and other managed care entities, such as PBMs, continue to take action to manage the utilization and costs of drugs in the U.S., the single largest market for biopharmaceutical products. The negotiating power of MCOs, PBMs and other private third-party payors has increased due to consolidation, and they, along with state and federal governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of deductibles, utilization management tools, cost sharing or formulary placement. They may demand rebates and/or fees from biopharmaceutical manufacturers for preferred placement on a drug formulary. The growing availability and use of higher cost innovative specialty pharmaceutical medicines that treat rare or life threatening conditions also has generated increased payor interest in the development of cost-containment strategies. These initiatives have increased consumers’ interest in drug prices and input in medication choices, as they pay for a larger portion of their prescription costs and may cause them to favor lower-cost generic alternatives. We may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing net of rebates.
Third-party payors also use additional measures such as new-to-market blocks, exclusion lists, indication-based pricing and value-based pricing/contracting to improve their cost containment efforts and cost efficiency. Such payors are also increasingly imposing utilization management tools requiring prior authorization for a branded product or requiring the patient to first fail on one or more other products before permitting access to a particular branded medicine. As the U.S. private third-party payor market consolidates further, and as the IRA prices become publicly available, we may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payors as they continue to drive more of their patients to use lower cost alternatives or seek even larger rebates to control costs or offset losses from the IRA. For additional information on the IRA, see the
Item 1. Business
––
Pricing Pressures and Managed Care Organizations
and
––Government Regulation and Price Constraints
and
Item 1A. Risk Factors
––
Pricing and Reimbursement
sections.
Also, business arrangements in this area are subject to a high degree of government scrutiny, and available safe harbors under applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws are subject to change through legislative and regulatory action, as well as evolving judicial interpretations. Our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by such government and