one of our collaboration/licensing partner’s patents) is found to be invalid by such proceedings, generic or competitive products could be introduced into the market resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. For example, several of the patents in our pneumococcal vaccine portfolio have been challenged in inter partes review and post-grant review proceedings in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, as well as outside the U.S.
The invalidation of any of the patents in our pneumococcal portfolio could potentially allow additional competitor vaccines, if approved, to enter the marketplace earlier than anticipated. In the event that any of the patents are found valid and infringed, a competitor’s vaccine, if approved, might be prohibited from entering the market or a competitor might be required to pay us a royalty.
We are also subject to patent litigation pursuant to which one or more third parties seek damages and/or injunctive relief to compensate for alleged infringement of its patents by our commercial or other activities. If one of our marketed products (or a product of our collaboration/licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promotion rights) is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significant damages or royalty payments, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. Such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries is found to have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party.
Actions In Which We Are The Plaintiff
Xeljanz (tofacitinib)
Beginning in 2017, we brought patent-infringement actions against several generic manufacturers that filed separate abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs) with the FDA seeking approval to market their generic versions of tofacitinib tablets in one or both of 5 mg and 10 mg dosage strengths, and in both immediate and extended release forms. To date, we have settled actions with several manufacturers on terms not material to us. The remaining actions continue in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware as described below.
In December 2024, we brought a patent infringement action against Alkem Laboratories Ltd. (Alkem) asserting the infringement and validity of our composition of matter patent, covering immediate release formulations of tofacitinib that was challenged by Alkem in its ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of tofacitinib 5 mg and 10 mg immediate release tablets. In February 2025, we settled the action against Alkem on terms not material to us.
In April 2025, we brought a patent infringement action against Annora Pharma Private Limited (Annora) asserting the infringement and validity of our composition of matter patent, covering immediate release formulations of tofacitinib that was challenged by Annora in its ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of tofacitinib 5 mg and 10 mg immediate release tablets.
Mektovi (binimetinib)