we are not a party to these agreements. We have no economic interest in our suppliers’ decision to participate and we pay the financial institutions the stated amount of confirmed invoices on the original maturity dates, which is generally within
90
to
120
days of the invoice date. The agreements with the financial institutions do not require Pfizer to provide assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees for the supplier finance program. All outstanding amounts related to suppliers participating in such financing arrangements are recorded within
trade payables
in our consolidated balance sheet.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Note 9.
Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
Note 10.
Identifiable Intangible Assets, Net and Goodwill
A. Identifiable Intangible Assets
(a)
The increase in the gross carrying amount includes $
740
million of measurement period adjustments related to our acquisition of Seagen (see
Note 2A
)
and the transfer of IPR&D to developed technology rights of $
727
million for talazoparib (Talzenna), partially offset by impairments of $
943
million (see
Note 4
).
(b)
The changes in the gross carrying amounts reflect the transfer of $
827
million from indefinite-lived brands to finite-lived brands for Medrol, partially offset by impairments of $
475
million in finite-lived brands (see
Note 4
).
(c)
The decrease in the gross carrying amount reflects impairments of $
1.9
billion (see
Note 4
), $
1.7
billion of measurement period adjustments related to our acquisition of Seagen (see
Note 2A
), and the transfer of IPR&D to developed technology rights of $
727
million for talazoparib (Talzenna).
(d)
The decrease is primarily due to amortization expense of $
5.3
billion, impairments of $
3.3
billion (see
Note 4
) and measurement period adjustments related to our acquisition of Seagen of $
950
million (see
Note 2A
).
Developed Technology Rights––
Developed technology rights represent the cost for developed technology acquired from third parties and can include the right to develop, use, market, sell and/or offer for sale the product, compounds and intellectual property that we have acquired with respect to products, compounds and/or processes that have been completed. We possess a well-diversified portfolio of hundreds of developed technology rights across therapeutic categories, representing our commercialized products. The significant components of developed technology rights are the following: Nurtec ODT/Vydura, Adcetris, Padcev, Xtandi, Velsipity and Braftovi/Mektovi. Also included in this category are the post-approval milestone payments made under our alliance agreements for certain prescription pharmaceutical products.
Brands––
Brands represent the cost for tradenames and know-how, as the products themselves do not receive patent protection. The significant components of Finite-lived brands primarily include Medrol.
IPR&D––
IPR&D assets represent the acquisition date fair value