that were the subject of our declaratory judgment complaint, and in May and July 2023, CureVac asserted that Comirnaty infringes a number of additional U.S. patents.
In the U.K., Pfizer and BioNTech have sued CureVac seeking a judgment of invalidity of several patents and CureVac has made certain infringement counterclaims. In September 2024, the U.K. Court held that both of the CureVac patents in suit are invalid.
A2. Legal Proceedings––Product Litigation
We are defendants in numerous cases, including but not limited to those discussed below, related to our pharmaceutical and other products. Plaintiffs in these cases seek damages and other relief on various grounds for alleged personal injury and economic loss.
Asbestos
Between 1967 and 1982, Warner-Lambert owned American Optical Corporation (American Optical), which manufactured and sold respiratory protective devices and asbestos safety clothing. In connection with the sale of American Optical in 1982, Warner-Lambert agreed to indemnify the purchaser for certain liabilities, including certain asbestos-related and other claims. Warner-Lambert was acquired by Pfizer in 2000 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer. Warner-Lambert is actively engaged in the defense of, and will continue to explore various means of resolving, these claims.
Numerous lawsuits against American Optical, Pfizer and certain of its previously owned subsidiaries are pending in various federal and state courts seeking damages for alleged personal injury from exposure to products allegedly containing asbestos and other allegedly hazardous materials sold by Pfizer and certain of its previously owned subsidiaries.
There also are a small number of lawsuits pending in various federal and state courts seeking damages for alleged exposure to asbestos in facilities owned or formerly owned by Pfizer or its subsidiaries.
Lipitor
In 2013, the State of West Virginia filed an action in West Virginia state court against Pfizer and Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited, among others, that asserted claims and sought relief on behalf of the State of West Virginia and residents of that state alleging delay in the launch of generic Lipitor, in violation of state antitrust, consumer protection and various other laws. In December 2024, we reached an agreement to settle this matter on terms not material to Pfizer.
Docetaxel
A number of lawsuits have been filed against Hospira and Pfizer in various federal and state courts alleging that plaintiffs who were treated with Docetaxel developed permanent hair loss. Hospira is a wholly-owned subsidiary that we acquired in September 2015. The significant majority of the cases also name other defendants, including the manufacturer of the branded product, Taxotere. Plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages. Additional lawsuits have been filed in which plaintiffs allege they developed blocked tear ducts following their treatment with Docetaxel.
In 2016, the federal cases were transferred for coordinated