rate determinations are made in consideration of local requirements. The measurement of plan obligations at the end of the year will affect (i) the actuarial (gains)/losses recognized in our net periodic benefit cost for that year and (ii) the amount of service cost and interest cost reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year.
The change in the discount rates used in measuring our plan obligations as of December 31, 2024 resulted in an increase in the measurement of our aggregate plan obligations by approximately $25 million.
Income Tax Assets and Liabilities
Income tax assets and liabilities include income tax valuation allowances and accruals for uncertain tax positions. See
Notes 1Q
and
5
,
as well as the
Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk
section within MD&A
.
Contingencies
We and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including tax and legal contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications. See
Notes 1Q
,
1S
,
5D
and
16
.
ANALYSIS OF THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
Total Revenues by Geography
2024 v. 2023
2023 v.
2022
See the
Total Revenues––Selected Product Discussion
section within MD&A for additional analysis and
Note
17C
.
Product Revenue Deductions
––
Our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these product revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. Historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. Product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends.
(a)
The increase in revenue deductions in 2024 was primarily driven by the transition of Paxlovid and Comirnaty to commercial markets, an increase in sales from legacy Seagen products acquired in December 2023, sales growth from the Vyndaqel family, and higher sales of acquired products, partially offset by a $771 million favorable final adjustment recorded in the first quarter of 2024 to the estimated non-cash Paxlovid revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023 (see
Note 17C
).
Product revenue deductions are primarily a function of product sales volume, mix of products sold, contractual or legislative discounts and rebates.
For information on our accruals for product revenue deductions, including the balance sheet classification of these accruals, see
Note 1G
.
Total Revenues—Selected Product Discussion
Biopharma
Pfizer CentreOne
See the
Item 1. Business
—
Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section for information