regulatory authorities such as the FDA and the EMA, or be able to obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators.
Regulatory approvals of our products depend on myriad factors, including regulatory determinations as to the product’s safety and efficacy. In the context of public health emergencies like the COVID-19 pandemic, regulators evaluate various factors and criteria to potentially allow for marketing authorization on an emergency or conditional basis. Additionally, clinical trial and other product data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities. As a result of regulatory interpretations and assessments or other developments that may occur during the review process, or even after a product is authorized or approved for marketing, a product’s commercial potential could be adversely affected by potential emerging concerns or regulatory decisions regarding or impacting the scope of indicated patient populations, labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety issues and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities. Also, certain of our products have received and may in the future receive approvals under accelerated approval pathways where continued approval may be contingent upon confirmatory studies demonstrating the anticipated clinical benefit and/or safety profile.
We may not be able to receive or maintain favorable recommendations by technical or advisory committees, such as the ACIP or an FDA Advisory Committee, which may impact the availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates. Further, claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety and/or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates can negatively impact current or future product sales, as applicable, and potentially lead to regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, asset impairments, and/or consumer fraud, product liability and other litigation and claims, as well as product recalls or withdrawals, including our voluntary withdrawal of all lots of Oxbrtya in all markets where it is approved, and any regulatory or other impact on Oxbryta or other sickle cell disease assets. Regulatory requirements may also result in a more challenging, expensive and lengthy regulatory approval process than anticipated due to requests for, among other things, additional or more extensive clinical trials prior to granting approval, or increased post-approval requirements. For these and other reasons discussed in this
Risk Factors
section, we may not obtain the approvals we expect within the timeframe we anticipate, or at all.
POST-AUTHORIZATION/APPROVAL DATA
As a condition to granting marketing authorization or approval of a product, the FDA may require, or the sponsor may voluntarily agree to undertake, post-marketing commitments such as additional clinical trials or other studies. The results generated in these trials