COVID-19 cases.
For additional information on risks associated with our COVID-19 products, as well as COVID-19 intellectual property disputes, see the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook
––
The Global Economic
35
Environment
––
COVID-19
section of the MD&A of our 2024 Form 10-K,
Item 1A. Risk Factors—COVID-19, —Intellectual Property Protection
and
—Third-Party Intellectual Property Claims
sections of our 2024 Form 10-K, as well as
Note 17C
in our 2024 Form 10-K, and
Note 12A1
and
the
Forward-Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results
section of this Form 10-Q
.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
For a description of our significant accounting policies, see
Note 1
in our 2024 Form 10-K
.
Of these policies, the following are considered critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most subjective and the most complex judgments: Acquisitions (
Note 1D
); Fair Value (
Note 1E
); Revenues (
Note 1G
); Long-Lived Assets (
Note 1M
); Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives (
Note 1N
); Tax Assets and Liabilities and Income Tax Contingencies (
Note 1Q
); Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans (
Note 1R
); and Legal and Environmental Contingencies (
Note 1S
).
For a discussion about the critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements, see the
Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions
section within MD&A of our 2024 Form 10-K. See also
Note 1C
in our 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions.
ANALYSIS OF THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
Total Revenues by Geography
See the
Total Revenues––Selected Product Discussion
section within MD&A for additional analysis and
Note 13C
.
Product Revenue Deductions
––Our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these product revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. Historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. Product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends.
36
(a)
The increase in Medicare rebates in the first quarter of 2025 is primarily driven by the impact of higher manufacturer discounts as a result of IRA Medicare Part D Redesign. See the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook