industry guidance.
COMPETITIVE PRODUCTS
Competitive product launches have and may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in product obsolescence. Such launches continue to occur, and potentially competitive products are in various stages of development. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat or prevent diseases and conditions like those treated or prevented by our in-line products and product candidates.
Some of our competitors may have competitive, technical or other advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes or greater experience in particular therapeutic areas, and consolidation among certain pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. These advantages may make it difficult for us to compete with them successfully to discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or indications they may bring to market. Our products and product candidates compete, and may compete in the future, against products or product candidates that offer higher rebates or discounts, exclusionary contracting, lower prices, equivalent or superior efficacy, better safety profiles, easier administration, earlier market availability or other competitive features, including potential preference to prescribe existing competitor treatments over our novel therapies. For example, with the growing competition in the vaccine space, we are subject to increasing discounts to meet competitive dynamics and to help ensure our vaccines are available in retail pharmacies. If we are unable to compete effectively, this could reduce actual or anticipated future sales, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
In addition, competition from manufacturers of generic drugs, including from generic versions of competitors’ branded products that lose their market exclusivity, is a major challenge for our branded products. Certain of our products have experienced significant generic competition over the last few years. We anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience these expirations. See the
Item 1. Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section. In China, we expect to continue to face intense competition by certain generic manufacturers, which has resulted, and may result in the future, in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products.
In addition, our patented products may face generic or biosimilar competition before patent-based and/or regulatory exclusivity expires, including from “at-risk” launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic or biosimilar product) by a manufacturer of a generic or biosimilar version of one of our patented products. Generic