monetary damages in connection with the manufacture and sale of Comirnaty in France, Germany and Sweden.
Paxlovid
In June 2022, Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Enanta) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts against Pfizer alleging that the active ingredient in Paxlovid, nirmatrelvir, infringes a U.S.
patent issued in June 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In December
2024, the District Court issued an order granting Pfizer’s motion for summary judgment, finding Enanta’s patent invalid.
Abrysvo
In August 2023, GSK Group filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer alleging that the active ingredient in Abrysvo infringes
four
U.S. patents. In November 2023, GSK Group amended its complaint to assert infringement of
two
additional patents. In November 2024, the GSK Group filed a second amended complaint, adding a
seven
th patent to the lawsuit. The second amended complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages and a permanent injunction against sales of Abrysvo for use in adults in age ranges for which GSK Group’s Arexvy product is also indicated.
In addition, we have challenged certain of GSK’s RSV vaccine patents in certain ex-U.S. jurisdictions, including the U.K., the Netherlands, Belgium and the Unified Patent Court, and GSK has asserted that Abrysvo infringes these patents.
In October 2024, the U.K. Court held that
two
of GSK’s U.K. patents were invalid and not infringed. In April 2025, the Company settled all of the patent disputes related to Abrysvo on terms not material to Pfizer.
Matters Involving Pfizer and its Collaboration/Licensing Partners
Comirnaty (tozinameran)
In July 2022, Pfizer, BioNTech and BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH filed a declaratory judgment complaint against CureVac in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts seeking a judgment of non-infringement for
three
U.S. patents relating to Comirnaty. In May 2023, the case was transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Also in May 2023, CureVac asserted that Comirnaty infringes the
three
patents that were the subject of our declaratory judgment complaint, and in May and July 2023, CureVac asserted that Comirnaty infringes a number of additional U.S. patents.
In the U.K., Pfizer and BioNTech have sued CureVac seeking a judgment of invalidity of several patents and CureVac has made certain infringement counterclaims. In September 2024, the U.K. Court held that both of the CureVac patents in suit are invalid. In January 2025, the U.K. Court rejected CureVac’s request for permission to appeal.
Orgovyx (relugolix)
Beginning in January 2025, several generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to sell a generic form of relugolix (Orgovyx), and challenging one or more patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Orgovyx which are licensed to Pfizer. In March 2025, we, along with Sumitomo Pharma Switzerland