qualifications and ensuring they are considered for the opportunities based on their skills, abilities, and performance. We aim to provide everyone with an opportunity to demonstrate their merit. Our leaders set the tone for the company, embracing accountability and transparency, while promoting a vibrant culture in which colleagues are free to speak up and are encouraged to share views and raise concerns without fear of retaliation.
Colleague Engagement
. Open communication and feedback are essential elements of our commitment to performance, colleague engagement, and teamwork. Pfizer managers discuss colleague performance and leadership assessments regularly, with the intent to encourage breakthrough goals and foster leadership. We understand that communication goes both ways: equally important is our commitment to listening and responding to colleague feedback, to foster a healthy work environment with the power to attract and retain top talent. We are passionate about creating safe spaces at work, so our colleagues feel able and encouraged to provide the company with feedback and raise concerns and questions. The Office of the Ombuds is a resource colleagues, at any level, can connect with to get information and guidance to help them address and resolve work-related issues. We also host company-wide safe space calls and provide various other public, private, and anonymous channels for colleagues to speak up without fear of retaliation.
Our annual engagement survey, Pfizer Pulse, provides a forum for our colleagues to give structured feedback and allows us to measure and track priority areas and equip leaders with actionable insights. In addition, we ask for feedback at various points in the employee lifecycle through focus groups, surveys, and colleague forums. The information we receive helps enable us to adapt to the real-time needs of our colleagues and continuously improve our ways of working.
Pfizer prioritizes colleague recognition to drive engagement, a sense of belonging, motivation, and productivity. Our global rewards and recognition program, Bravo, lets colleagues celebrate and acknowledge each other for demonstrating Pfizer values in a way that makes an impact on the company, a colleague, a team or a patient.
Performance and Leadership.
In 2024, we introduced our Actionable Attitudes leadership mindset: anchor in trust, challenge convention, embrace uncertainty, engage with compassion, progress over perfection, and rise above. Complementing our Pfizer values and behaviors, our Actionable Attitudes leadership mindset embodies the attitudes every colleague should aspire to demonstrate, to foster a more dynamic, innovative, and compassionate place to work. In addition, in 2024, we expanded our “Project-Based Ways of Working,” which is designed to empower cross-functional teams to drive decisions within established guardrails and provides access to leadership for removing roadblocks, allowing colleagues to take on leadership roles and