GBBH, Sumitomo Pharma America, Inc., Takeda and Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG jointly filed separate patent infringement actions in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against the generic companies, asserting the infringement and validity of the patents in suit.
A2. Legal Proceedings––Product Litigation
We are defendants in numerous cases, including but not limited to those discussed below, related to our pharmaceutical and other products. Plaintiffs in these cases seek damages and other relief on various grounds for alleged personal injury and economic loss.
24
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
Asbestos
Between 1967 and 1982, Warner-Lambert owned American Optical Corporation (American Optical), which manufactured and sold respiratory protective devices and asbestos safety clothing. In connection with the sale of American Optical in 1982, Warner-Lambert agreed to indemnify the purchaser for certain liabilities, including certain asbestos-related and other claims. Warner-Lambert was acquired by Pfizer in 2000 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer. Warner-Lambert is actively engaged in the defense of, and will continue to explore various means of resolving, these claims.
Numerous lawsuits against American Optical, Pfizer and certain of its previously owned subsidiaries are pending in various federal and state courts seeking damages for alleged personal injury from exposure to products allegedly containing asbestos and other allegedly hazardous materials sold by Pfizer and certain of its previously owned subsidiaries.
There also are a small number of lawsuits pending in various federal and state courts seeking damages for alleged exposure to asbestos in facilities owned or formerly owned by Pfizer or its subsidiaries.
Docetaxel
A number of lawsuits have been filed against Hospira and Pfizer in various federal and state courts alleging that plaintiffs who were treated with Docetaxel developed permanent hair loss. Hospira is a wholly-owned subsidiary that we acquired in September 2015. The significant majority of the cases also name other defendants, including the manufacturer of the branded product, Taxotere. Plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages. Additional lawsuits have been filed in which plaintiffs allege they developed blocked tear ducts following their treatment with Docetaxel.
In 2016, the federal cases were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to an MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. In 2022, the eye injury cases were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to an MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
Zantac
A number of lawsuits have been filed against Pfizer in various federal and state courts alleging that plaintiffs developed various types of cancer, or face an increased risk of developing cancer, purportedly as a result of the ingestion of