results of the clinical trials and payable to Blackstone over a period of
one
to
three
years. Following potential regulatory approval, Blackstone will be eligible to receive a combination of fixed milestone payments of up to $
897
million in total based on achievement of certain levels of cumulative applicable net sales and payable to Blackstone over a period of
five
10
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
to
seven
years. The net present value of the approval-based milestone payments and sales-based milestone payments will be recorded as intangible assets and amortized to
Amortization of intangible assets
over the shorter of the term of the agreement or estimated commercial life of the product. Accretion of interest on the liabilities to pay Blackstone will be recognized as interest expense in
Other (income)/deductions––net
.
Note 3.
Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives
A. Realigning Our Cost Base Program
•
In the fourth quarter of 2023, we announced that we launched a multi-year, enterprise-wide cost realignment program that aims to realign our costs with our longer-term revenue expectations. We expect costs associated with this initial part of the program to continue primarily through 2025 and to total approximately $
3.1
billion, primarily representing cash expenditures for severance, exit and implementation costs as well as non-cash asset write downs of which $
2.4
billion is associated with our Biopharma segment.
•
In the second quarter of 2025, we identified additional productivity opportunities to further reduce costs primarily in SI&A, driven in large part by enhanced digital enablement, including automation and AI, and simplification of business processes. We expect costs associated with the additional productivity opportunities to be incurred through 2027 and to total approximately $
1.6
billion, primarily representing cash expenditures for severance, digital enablement and implementation, of which $
700
million is associated with our Biopharma segment.
•
In connection with our efforts to simplify the structure and sharpen the focus of our R&D organization, in the first quarter of 2025 we expanded this program after having identified additional opportunities to drive improvements in productivity and operational efficiencies through enhanced digital enablement, including automation and AI, and simplification of business processes. We expect costs to implement these initiatives to be incurred through 2026 and to total approximately $
600
million, primarily representing cash expenditures for severance, digital enablement and implementation, all of which is associated with our Biopharma segment. The majority of these costs were recorded in the first quarter of 2025, with cash outlays expected primarily in 2025 and 2026.
We now expect costs associated with all three components of this program to total