may be subject to legal challenges. Additional legal or legislative developments at the federal or state level with respect to the 340B Program may have an adverse impact on our integrity initiative, and we may face enforcement action or penalties, depending upon such developments. The 340B Program continues to be a subject of congressional scrutiny and inquiries, litigation, and other developments, any or all of which could affect the scope of the 340B Program and Pfizer’s obligation to offer discounts to 340B Program-covered entities under the 340B Program. See the
Item 1A. Risk Factors
—
Pricing and Reimbursement
section.
States seek to control healthcare costs related to Medicaid and other state regulated healthcare programs. A majority of states use preferred drug lists to manage access to pharmaceutical products under Medicaid, including some of our products. States may seek to negotiate supplemental rebate agreements that are larger than the minimum federal requirement for preferred formulary access. Preferred access to our products under the Medicaid managed care programs are often determined by the managed care health plans contracted by the state to administer benefits, which may also require supplemental rebates for preferred formulary access. We expect states will continue to seek cost cutting, which may focus on managed care capitation payments, supplemental rebates, and/or formulary management.
In the U.S., we expect to see continued focus by the U.S. government on regulating pricing and access to medicine, in addition to actions already taken, which could result in legislative and regulatory changes. Government and private payors routinely seek to manage utilization and control the costs of our products. There is considerable public and government scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing and intellectual property and actions being taken at the state and federal level. Further efforts by states and the federal government to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products, including proposed actions to facilitate drug importation or establish upper pricing limits that cap reimbursement to lower reference prices, require deep discounts, impose financial penalties related to pricing practices, and require manufacturers to report and make public price increases and sometimes a written justification for the increase, could adversely affect our business if implemented. Further, commercial payors often follow Medicare coverage and reimbursement policies when setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in cost or other containment measures may similarly be adopted by commercial plans. Payors may continue to promote generic drugs and biosimilars more aggressively to generate savings and attempt to stimulate additional price competition. In addition, we expect that consolidation and integration among pharmacy chains, wholesalers and PBMs will increase pricing pressures in the industry. See the
Item 1A. Risk Factors
—
Managed Care Trends