with multiple developed and emerging nations around the world and are continuing to deliver doses of Comirnaty under such agreements. This includes supply agreements entered into in November 2020 and February and May 2021 with the EC for Comirnaty on behalf of the different EU member states and certain other countries. Each EU member state submits its own Comirnaty vaccine order to us and is responsible for payment pursuant to terms of the supply agreements negotiated by the EC. In May 2023, we and BioNTech amended our contract with the EC to deliver COVID-19 vaccines to the EU. The amended agreement includes rephasing of delivery of doses annually through 2026 and an aggregate volume reduction, providing additional flexibility for those EU member states who agreed to the amended agreement. The EC will maintain access to future adapted COVID-19 vaccines and the ability to donate doses, in alignment with the original agreement.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
In 2022 and 2023, we had entered into agreements to supply pre-specified treatment courses of Paxlovid with government and government sponsored customers in multiple developed and emerging nations around the world, which represented most Paxlovid revenues in 2022 and 2023, while commercialization began in some markets in 2023. In October 2023, we announced an amended agreement with the U.S. government, which facilitated the transition of Paxlovid to traditional commercial markets in the U.S. starting in November 2023, with prices negotiated with commercial payors and a copay assistance program for eligible privately insured patients, as the U.S. government began to discontinue the distribution of EUA-labeled Paxlovid. We ensured commercial readiness by providing NDA-labeled commercial supply by the end of 2023. However, EUA-labeled Paxlovid remained available free-of-charge to all eligible patients until the end of 2023, and therefore, there was only minimal uptake of NDA-labeled commercial product before January 1, 2024. In connection with this agreement, we recorded a non-cash revenue reversal of $
3.5
billion in the fourth quarter of 2023, of which a portion was associated with sales recorded in 2022, related to the expected return of an estimated
6.5
million treatment courses of EUA-labeled U.S. government inventory. In the first quarter of 2024, we recorded a non-cash favorable final adjustment of $
771
million to reflect
5.1
million EUA-labeled treatment courses returned through February 29, 2024, which were converted to a volume-based credit that supports continued access to Paxlovid through a U.S. government patient assistance program operated by Pfizer. In the third quarter of 2024, in connection with this amended agreement, we also supplied at no cost to the U.S. government or taxpayers a U.S. SNS of
1.0
million treatment courses to enable future pandemic preparedness through 2028, and recorded revenue of $
442
million. While we are