Pfizer and BioNTech alleging that Comirnaty and its manufacture infringe
five
U.S. patents, and seeking unspecified monetary damages.
In April 2024, GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals SA and GlaxoSmithKline LLC (collectively, GSK Group) sued Pfizer and Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC, BioNTech, BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH and BioNTech US Inc. in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging that Comirnaty infringes
five
U.S. patents and seeking unspecified money damages. In August 2024, GSK Group filed an amended complaint alleging that Comirnaty infringes
three
additional U.S. patents.
In January 2025, Promosome LLC filed a complaint in the Unified Patent Court, Local Division Munich, against Pfizer and BioNTech and certain of their subsidiaries alleging that Comirnaty infringes a European patent that is in force only in France, Germany and Sweden, and seeking unspecified monetary damages in connection with the manufacture and sale of Comirnaty in France, Germany and Sweden.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Paxlovid
In June 2022, Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Enanta) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts against Pfizer alleging that the active ingredient in Paxlovid, nirmatrelvir, infringes a U.S.
patent issued in June 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In December
2024, the District Court issued an order granting Pfizer’s motion for summary judgment, finding Enanta’s patent invalid.
Abrysvo
In August 2023, GSK Group filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer alleging that the active ingredient in Abrysvo infringes
four
U.S. patents. In November 2023, GSK Group amended its complaint to assert infringement of
two
additional patents. In November 2024, the GSK Group filed a second amended complaint, adding a
seven
th patent to the lawsuit. The second amended complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages and a permanent injunction against sales of Abrysvo for use in adults in age ranges for which GSK Group’s Arexvy product is also indicated.
In addition, we have challenged certain of GSK’s RSV vaccine patents in certain ex-U.S. jurisdictions, including the U.K., the Netherlands, Belgium and the Unified Patent Court, and GSK has asserted that Abrysvo infringes these patents.
In October 2024, the U.K. Court held that
two
of GSK’s U.K. patents were invalid and not infringed.
Matters Involving Pfizer and its Collaboration/Licensing Partners
Comirnaty (tozinameran)
In July 2022, Pfizer, BioNTech and BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH filed a declaratory judgment complaint against CureVac in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts seeking a judgment of non-infringement for
three
U.S. patents relating to Comirnaty. In May 2023, the case was transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Also in May 2023, CureVac asserted that Comirnaty infringes the
three
patents