$2.8 billion on PP&E; and
•
Future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases (see
Note 15
).
Global Economic Conditions
––We have operations in countries that have hyperinflationary economies. The impact to Pfizer is not considered material. See the
Item 1A. Risk Factors––Global Operations
section.
Market Risk
––We are subject to foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and equity price risk. The objective of our financial risk management program is to minimize the impact of foreign exchange rate and interest rate movements on our earnings. We address such exposures through a combination of operational means and financial instruments. For more information on how we manage our foreign exchange and interest rate risks, see
Notes 1F
and
7E
, as well as the
Item 1A. Risk Factors—Global Operations
section for key currencies in which we operate. Our sensitivity analyses of such risks are discussed below.
Foreign Exchange Risk
—The fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes. In this analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming that a change in one currency’s rate relative to the U.S. dollar would not have any effect on another currency’s rates relative to the U.S. dollar, if the dollar were to move against all other currencies by 10%, as of December 31, 2024, the expected impact on our net income would not be significant.
Interest Rate Risk
—The fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to interest rate changes. In this analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming a parallel shift in the interest rate curve for all maturities and for all instruments, if there were a one hundred basis point change in interest rates as of December 31, 2024, the expected impact on our net income would not be significant.
Equity Price Risk
––We hold long-term investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair values in life science companies as a result of certain business development transactions. While we are holding such securities, we are subject to equity price risk, and this may increase the volatility of our income in future periods due to changes in the fair value of equity investments. From time to time, we will sell such equity securities based on our business considerations, which may include limiting our price risk. Our equity securities with readily determinable fair values are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to equity price rate changes. In this sensitivity analysis, the expected impact on our net income would not be significant.
NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
See
Note 1B
.
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the discussion in the
Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk
section within MD&A.
Report of Independent