the re-
19
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
allocation during the first quarter of 2025 and concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired. All goodwill continues to be assigned within the Biopharma reportable segment.
Note 10.
Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans
The components of net periodic benefit cost/(credit) other than the service cost component are primarily included in
Other (income)/deductions––net
(see
Note 4
).
For the three months ended March 30, 2025, we contributed $
66
million to our U.S. Pension Plans and $
42
million to our International Pension Plans from our general assets, which include direct employer benefit payments.
Note 11.
Earnings Per Common Share Attributable to Pfizer Inc. Common Shareholders
(a)
These common stock equivalents were outstanding for the periods presented, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS for those periods because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect.
Note 12.
Contingencies and Certain Commitments
We and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including tax and legal contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications. The following outlines our legal contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications. For a discussion of our tax contingencies, see
Note 5B
.
A. Legal Proceedings
Our legal contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following:
•
Patent litigation, which typically involves challenges to the coverage and/or validity of patents on various products, processes or dosage forms. An adverse outcome could result in loss of patent protection for a product, a significant loss of revenues from a product or impairment of the value of associated assets. We are the plaintiff in the majority of these actions.
20
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
•
Product liability and other product-related litigation related to current or former products, which can include personal injury, consumer fraud, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, among others, and often involves highly complex issues relating to medical causation, label warnings and reliance on those warnings, scientific evidence and findings, actual, provable injury and other matters.
•
Commercial and other asserted or unasserted matters, which can include acquisition-, licensing-, intellectual property-, collaboration- or co-promotion-related and product-pricing claims and environmental claims and proceedings, and can involve complexities that will vary from matter to matter.
•
Government investigations, which often are related to the extensive regulation of pharmaceutical companies by national, state and local government agencies in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions.
Certain of these contingencies could result in increased expenses and/or losses, including damages,