in effect by January 1, 2028. It is possible that more of our products could be selected in future years, which could, among other things, lead to lower revenues prior to expiry of intellectual property protections. The MDPNP is currently subject to legal challenges and therefore, the outcome of the MDPNP remains uncertain. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. We anticipate a net unfavorable impact to revenue in 2025 of approximately $1 billion, year-over-year, related to the Medicare Part D redesign changes that take effect in 2025. See the discussion regarding
changes to the IRA in the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook—Our Operating Environment
section within MD&A.
Changes to the MDRP or the 340B Program could have a material impact on our business. For example, certain changes finalized by CMS in a December 2020 final rule, including which products qualify as so-called “line extension” drugs subject to increased rebate liability, may have a material adverse impact on our business. Additionally, in September 2024, CMS finalized a new rule that, among other items, expands the scope of medications considered to be “covered outpatient drugs” that could be subject to rebates under the MDRP and imposes penalties on covered outpatient drugs that CMS determines to be “misclassified.” Many pharmaceutical manufacturers believe the 340B Program continues to expand beyond the original intent of serving low-income/uninsured patients. There has been limited government intervention to control this unintended growth. Various potential changes impacting the scope of the 340B Program are undergoing review or are the subject of litigation, and their status is unclear. In 2022, we implemented a policy to help improve contract pharmacy integrity. The HHS Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), which administers the 340B Program, sent letters to numerous manufacturers (not including Pfizer) that have also implemented contract pharmacy policies and integrity initiatives; the letters expressed HRSA’s view that those manufacturers’ policies were in violation of the 340B Program statute. Several manufacturers have challenged HRSA’s enforcement letters in federal court and litigation is ongoing in certain of those cases, and were resolved in favor of the manufacturers in others. We believe that our policy is consistent with the statute. In addition, some states have enacted laws opposing manufacturer restrictions on contract pharmacy transactions in their states. At least one state has begun to pursue enforcement proceedings under its law. Several stakeholders have challenged such laws and litigation is ongoing in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, other states have considered and could enact similar laws going forward, although any such laws also