such products. For example, in 2021, Pfizer recalled all lots of Chantix due to the presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline, at or above acceptable intake limits communicated by various regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities have since issued updated guidance on nitrosamine acceptable intake levels. With this guidance, which included an updated intake level for N-nitroso-varenicline, we have started making regulatory submissions to potentially enable Chantix to return to market in the U.S. and in certain international markets.
Except for the impact of the tornado in Rocky Mount, NC discussed above, we have not seen a significant disruption of our supply chain in 2024 and through the date of filing of this Form 10-K, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. We do not anticipate the availability of raw materials to have a significant impact on our operations in 2025, but are monitoring potential supply chain disruptions as a result of ongoing geopolitical and trade negotiations, which could, among other things, impact costs. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. For information on risks related to product manufacturing, see the
Item 1A. Risk Factors––Product Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Risks
section.
Voluntary Withdrawal of Oxbryta
––
See the
Product Developments
section within MD&A.
The Global Economic Environment
––In addition to the industry-specific factors discussed above, we, like other businesses of our size and global extent of activities, are exposed to economic cycles. Certain factors in the global economic environment that may impact our global operations include, among other things, currency and interest rate fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property, legal protections and remedies, trade regulations, tariffs, tax laws and regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and their economic consequences, geopolitical instability, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change. Government pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria or other means of cost control. In addition, issued