sites—as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. Failure to mitigate this threat could adversely impact consumers who use our products, potentially causing them harm. This situation, in turn, may result in the loss of patient confidence in the Pfizer name and in the integrity of our medicines and vaccines, and potentially impact our business through lost sales, product recalls, and possible litigation. The prevalence of counterfeit medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce. As consumers increasingly turn to the internet as a source for many products including medicines, they are at the same time increasingly exposed to fake medicines via the internet as criminals increasingly distribute counterfeit and substandard medicines through “rogue” online pharmacies. The internet exposes patients to greater risk as it is a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit offers and scams that target unsuspecting consumers. Traffic to these generally deceptive pharmacy sites is largely driven by misplaced trust in sophisticated internet retailers and social media offers coupled with the convenience e-commerce affords consumers. Counterfeiters generally target any medicine or vaccine boasting strong demand and we have observed heightened counterfeit and fraud attempts to our internal medicine portfolio, as well as products utilized in the treatment of COVID-19.
We consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to aggressively combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and healthcare providers about the risks, investing in innovative technologies to detect and disrupt sophisticated internet offers and scams, proactively monitoring and interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement, and advising legislators and regulators. However, our efforts and those of others may not be entirely successful, and the presence of counterfeit medicines may continue to increase.
RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS:
PRICING AND REIMBURSEMENT
Our future results could be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and international governmental regulations that mandate price controls, create coverage criteria, or limit patient access to our products. In addition to the expansion of price controls in the U.S. in the IRA, the adoption of more restrictive coverage policies and price controls in new and existing jurisdictions, or the failure to obtain or maintain coverage and pricing could also adversely impact revenue. We expect pricing pressures and other cost containment measures for drugs and vaccines will continue.
In the U.S., pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to government and public scrutiny and calls for reform, and many of our products are subject to increasing pricing pressures as a result. We expect to see continued focus by the U.S. government on regulating pricing and access to medicine. For example, the drug pricing provisions of the IRA are being implemented