For example, our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. For additional details on the impact of the tornado in Rocky Mount, NC, see the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook
—
Our Operating Environment
section within MD&A. Our supply chain is subject to these same transitional and physical risks and would likely pass along any increased costs to us.
In June 2022, Pfizer established our fourth consecutive GHG reduction goal with new near- and long-term targets to achieve the Science Based Target Initiative’s voluntary Net-Zero Standard by 2040. While we are working to develop and implement emission reduction plans to achieve our voluntary climate goals, various factors, including the long time horizons and commercial availability of new technologies to enable the emission reductions, in the time and scale needed, may present inherent risk in our ability to meet these goals. Additionally, success may depend on the actions of governments and third parties and may require, among other things, significant capital investment; R&D; and government policies and incentives to foster innovation and reduce costs of technologies that may not currently exist or be available at scale.
Certain governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, employees, and other stakeholders are increasingly sensitive to matters perceived to be related to responsible business growth, such as equitable access to medicines and vaccines, product quality and safety, human capital, diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, value chain environmental and social due diligence, and corporate governance and transparency. In addition, governments and the public expect companies like us to report on our business practices with respect to human rights, responsible sourcing and environmental impact, as well as the actions of our third-party contractors and suppliers around the world. This focus may lead to new expectations or requirements that could result in increased costs associated with research, development, manufacture, or distribution of our products. Our ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing demand for companies to establish validated Net Zero targets or offer more sustainable products. While we are committed to responsible business growth, if we do not meet, or are perceived not to meet, our goals or other stakeholder expectations in these key areas, we risk negative stakeholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to our brand and reputation, reduced demand for our products or other negative impacts on our business and operations. While we monitor a broad range of corporate responsibility matters, we cannot be certain that we will manage such matters successfully, or that we will successfully meet the expectations of investors,