outside the U.S. Pfizer receives tiered royalties as a percentage of international Xtandi net sales.
(7)
Interim patent term extension requests have been granted extending the expiry from December 2024 to December 2025 and Pfizer has filed applications for patent term extension to 2028.
(8)
Vyndaqel (tafamidis meglumine) basic patent expiry in Japan is August 2026 for treatment of polyneuropathy. Vynmac (tafamidis) was approved in Japan for treatment of cardiomyopathy with regulatory exclusivity expiring in March 2029.
(9)
Product not yet approved or authorized in this market.
(10)
We have exclusive rights to Braftovi and Mektovi in the U.S., Canada and certain emerging markets. Pierre Fabre has exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Europe and Ono has exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Japan. We receive royalties from Pierre Fabre and Ono on sales of Braftovi and Mektovi in a majority of markets outside the U.S.
(11)
Mektovi U.S. expiry is provided by a composition of matter patent. Interim patent term extension requests have been granted extending the expiry from March 2025 to March 2026 and Pfizer has filed an application for patent term extension to 2027. Other U.S. patents remain in force beyond the composition of matter patent expiry. Those patents have been challenged in litigation. Refer to
Note 16A1
for more information.
(12)
Padcev is being commercialized in collaboration with Astellas. Pfizer has co-promotion rights in the U.S. Outside the U.S., Pfizer has commercialization rights in all countries in North and South America, and Astellas has commercialization rights in the rest of the world, including Europe, Asia, Australia and Africa.
(13)
In September 2020, Seagen and Merck began a collaboration to commercialize Tukysa. As of December 31, 2023, this collaboration ended and all commercialization rights were returned to Seagen (Pfizer).
(14)
Ngenla is being developed in collaboration with OPKO Health, Inc.
(15)
Tivdak is commercialized in collaboration with Genmab. Pfizer has co-promotion rights in the U.S. Outside the U.S., Genmab has the sole right to promote Tivdak for second-line plus mCC and has co-promotion rights for other indications in all territories except certain territories where Zai Lab Limited (Zai Lab) has commercialization rights (mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan). Pfizer and Genmab equally share all costs and profits for Tivdak in the U.S., Europe, China (including the payments from Zai Lab described below), and Japan; provided that Genmab will be solely responsible for all costs of development, manufacturing and commercialization of second-line plus mCC outside the U.S. and the Zai Lab territories. Genmab will pay Pfizer a royalty-based percentage of aggregate net sales of Tivdak for second-line plus mCC outside the U.S. and the Zai Labs territories. In markets outside the U.S. other than Europe, China, and Japan, Pfizer will pay Genmab a royalty based on a percentage of