Prompt response to incidents is delivered by multi-disciplinary teams in accordance with our incident response plan. Through ongoing communications with these teams during incidents, the CISO monitors the triage, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents, and reports such incidents to executive management, the Audit Committee and other Pfizer colleagues in accordance with our cybersecurity policies and procedures, as is appropriate.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024
, we are not aware of any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
For further discussion of the risks associated with cybersecurity incidents, see the
Item 1A. Risk Factors—Information Technology and Security
section in this Form 10-K.
Our global headquarters are located in New York City. We own and lease space globally for sales and marketing, customer service, regulatory compliance, R&D, manufacturing and distribution and corporate enabling functions. In many locations, our business and operations are co-located to achieve synergy and operational efficiencies. We continue to advance our global workplace strategy to provide workplaces that promote our forward-thinking and highly inclusive culture. As of December 31, 2024, we had 251 owned and leased properties worldwide, amounting to approximately 37 million square feet.
As of December 31, 2024, PGS had responsibility for 37 plants around the world, which manufacture products for our commercial divisions, including in Belgium, Germany, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Singapore and the U.S. The leadership team for PGS is primarily located in New York City. PGS also operates multiple distribution facilities around the world. PGS continuously evaluates it network and capacity to meet Pfizer's ever changing needs and help inform future decisions.
In the U.S., our R&D facilities contain an aggregate of approximately 9 million square feet, with the majority of that area owned by Pfizer. Outside of the U.S., we lease R&D labs in the U.K., India and Belgium.
In general, we believe that our properties, including the principal properties described above, are well-maintained, adequate and suitable for their current requirements and for our operations in the foreseeable future. See
Note 9
for amounts invested in land, buildings and equipment.
Certain legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in
Note 16A
.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The executive officers of the Company are set forth in this table. Each holds the office or offices indicated until his or her successor is chosen and qualified at the regular meeting of the BOD to be held on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Each of the executive officers is a member of the Pfizer Executive Leadership Team.
The principal