effectiveness.
Our risk assessment efforts have indicated that we are a target for theft of intellectual property, financial resources, personal information, and trade secrets from a wide range of actors including nation states, organized crime, malicious insiders and activists. The impacts of attacks, abuse and misuse of Pfizer’s systems and information could include, without limitation, loss of assets, operational disruption and damage to Pfizer’s reputation.
A key element of managing cybersecurity risk is the ongoing assessment and testing of our processes and practices through auditing, assessments, drills and other exercises focused on evaluating the sufficiency and effectiveness of our risk mitigation. We regularly engage
third parties
to perform assessments of our cybersecurity measures, including information security maturity assessments and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. Certain results of such assessments and reviews are reported by the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) to certain senior leaders, the Audit Committee and the BOD, as appropriate, and we make adjustments to our cybersecurity processes and practices as necessary based on the information provided by the
third-party assessments and reviews
.
The Audit Committee oversees cybersecurity risk management, including the policies, processes and practices that management implements to prevent, detect and address risks from cybersecurity threats.
The
Audit Committee
receives periodic briefings on, and discusses with our CISO, cybersecurity risks and risk management practices, including, for example, recent developments in the external cybersecurity threat landscape, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, technological trends and considerations arising from our supplier ecosystem. The Audit Committee may also promptly receive information regarding certain significant or potentially material cybersecurity incidents that may occur, including any ongoing updates regarding the same.
Our
CISO
is a member of our management team who is principally responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management program, in partnership with other business leaders across the Company.
We believe our CISO and the information security organization have the appropriate expertise, background and depth of experience relating to monitoring the prevention, mitigation, detection and remediation of cybersecurity incidents to manage risks arising from cybersecurity threats.
The CISO works in coordination with other members of the management team, including, among others, the Chief Digital Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Legal Officer and their designees.
Our CISO, along with leaders from our privacy and corporate compliance functions, collaborate to implement a program designed to manage our exposure to cybersecurity risks and to promptly respond to cybersecurity incidents.