Eastern District of Pennsylvania for coordinated pre-trial proceedings but were transferred back to the District of Connecticut in April 2024. The Greenstone antitrust litigation also includes civil complaints filed in federal and state court by private and governmental plaintiffs against Pfizer, Greenstone, and a number of other defendants. These related civil lawsuits assert allegations that generally overlap with those asserted by the State Attorneys General. All of the related federal lawsuits are part of the MDL pending in Pennsylvania.
Subpoena relating to Tris Pharma/Quillivant XR
In October 2018, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York (SDNY) seeking records relating to our relationship with another drug manufacturer and its production and manufacturing of drugs including, but not limited to, Quillivant XR.
We have produced records in response to this request
.
Government Inquiries relating to Meridian Medical Technologies
In February 2019, we received a Civil Investigative Demand (CID) from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the SDNY. The CID seeks records and information related to alleged quality issues involving the manufacture of auto-injectors at Pfizer’s former Meridian site. In August 2019, we received a HIPAA subpoena issued by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of Missouri, in coordination with the Department of Justice’s Consumer Protection Branch, seeking similar records and information. We have produced records in response to these and subsequent requests.
U.S. Department of Justice Inquiries relating to India Operations
In March 2020, we received an informal request from the U.S. Department of Justice’s Consumer Protection Branch seeking documents relating to our manufacturing operations in India, including at our former facility located at Irrungattukottai in India. In April 2020, we received a similar request from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the SDNY regarding a civil investigation concerning operations at our facilities in India. We have produced records pursuant to these requests.
Zantac––State of New Mexico and Mayor and City Council of Baltimore Civil Actions
See
Legal Proceedings––Product Litigation––Zantac
above for information regarding civil actions separately filed by the State of New Mexico and the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore alleging various state statutory and common law claims in connection with the defendants’ alleged sale of Zantac in those jurisdictions.
27
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
Government Inquiries relating to Xeljanz
In April 2023, we received a HIPAA subpoena issued by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Western District of Virginia, in coordination with the Department of Justice’s Commercial Litigation Branch, seeking records and information related to programs Pfizer sponsored in retail pharmacies relating to Xeljanz. We have produced records