markets, governments maintain relatively effective intellectual property policies. However, in the EU, ongoing review of pharmaceutical legislation may reduce the basic period of regulatory data protection. In several emerging market countries and multilateral institutions, governments continue to address the role of intellectual property in the context of, for example, access to medicines.
Considerable political and economic pressure has weakened current intellectual property protection in some countries and has led to policies such as more restrictive standards for obtaining patents and more difficult procedures for patenting biopharmaceutical inventions, restrictions on patenting certain types of inventions, revocation of patents, laws or regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license, weak intellectual property enforcement and failure to implement effective regulatory data protection. Our industry advocacy efforts focus on seeking a fair and transparent business environment for foreign manufacturers, underscoring the importance of strong intellectual property systems for all innovative industries (both domestic and foreign) and helping improve patients’ access to innovative medicines and vaccines.
Data Privacy.
We are subject to extensive privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world concerning the collection, use and sharing of personal data. We routinely collect and use sensitive personal information relating to health. The legislative, regulatory and litigation landscape for privacy and data protection requirements is rapidly evolving and changing, and may limit our ability to use data globally or across borders. Data protection requirements are not universal and can conflict between jurisdictions. Compliance with those laws and regulations is made more complex by the lack of consistent standards, common definitions, or clear regulatory expectations. At the same time, enforcement of these laws and regulations is increasing and fines and penalties are also increasing. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including cybersecurity breaches or incidents, could subject us to significant fines and penalties, and/or litigation, as well as negatively impact our reputation.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
Our operations are affected by national, state and/or local environmental laws. We have made, and intend to continue to make, the expenditures necessary for compliance with applicable laws. We also are cleaning up environmental contamination from past industrial activity at certain sites. We incurred capital and operational expenditures in 2024 for environmental compliance purposes and for the clean-up of certain past industrial activity as follows: $100 million in environment-related capital expenditures and $174 million in other environment-related expenses.
While capital expenditures or operating costs for environmental