pro-rata share of intangible asset amortization, impairments and restructuring costs recorded by Haleon, as well as adjustments to our equity-method basis differences associated with the impact of Haleon’s brand sales and intangible asset impairments and changes in Haleon’s tax rates on intangible asset-related deferred tax liabilities and (ii) $208 million for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer, partially offset by (iii) a $150 million realized gain on the partial sale of our investment in Haleon.
ANALYSIS OF THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND MARKET RISK
Our historically robust operating cash flows, which we expect to continue over time, is a key strength of our liquidity and capital resources and our primary funding source. We continue to believe that with our ongoing operating cash flows, together with our financial assets, access to capital markets, revolving credit agreement, and available lines of credit, we have and will maintain the ability to meet our liquidity needs to support ongoing operations, our capital allocation objectives, and our contractual and other obligations for the foreseeable future. For information about the sources and uses of our funds and capital resources, as well as our operating cash flows, see our
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
,
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
,
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity
, and the
Analysis of the Condensed Consolidated
45
Statements of Cash Flows
section within MD&A. For information on our money market funds, available-for sale-debt securities and long-term debt, see
Note 7
.
For information about our diverse sources of funds, off-balance sheet arrangements, contractual and other obligations, global economic conditions and market risk, see the
Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk
section
within MD&A of our 2024 Form 10-K. For more information on guarantees and indemnifications, see
Note 12B
.
Credit Ratings
––The cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings, and an increase or decrease in our credit rating could have a beneficial or adverse effect on financing. Our long-term debt is rated high-quality by both S&P and Moody’s.
These ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold securities and the ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organizations. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
Debt Capacity––Lines of Credit
––As of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q, we had access to a $7.0 billion committed U.S. revolving credit facility maturing in October 2029, which may be used for general corporate purposes including to support our global commercial paper borrowings. In addition to the U.S. revolving credit facility, our lenders have