related cost-reduction programs are specific to an event or goal with a defined term, we may have subsequent programs based on reorganizations of the business, cost productivity or in response to generic or biosimilar entry or economic conditions. Legal charges to resolve litigation are also related to specific cases, which are facts and circumstances specific and, in some cases, may also be the result of litigation matters at acquired companies that were inestimable, not probable or unresolved at the date of acquisition, or legal matters related to divested products or businesses. Gains and losses on equity securities and pension and postretirement actuarial remeasurement gains and losses have a very high degree of inherent market volatility, which we do not control and cannot predict with any level of certainty, and we do not believe including these gains and losses assists investors in understanding our business or is reflective of our core operations and business. Unusual items represent items that are not part of our ongoing business; items that, either as a result of their nature or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis; items that would be non-recurring; or items that relate to products we no longer sell. See the
Reconciliations of GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted information—Certain Line Items
below for a non-inclusive list of certain significant items and the
Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income
section within MD&A of our 2024 Form 10-K.
Reconciliations of GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted Information––Certain Line Items
44
(a)
Items that reconcile GAAP Reported to non-GAAP Adjusted balances are shown pre-tax. Our effective tax rates for GAAP Reported income from continuing operations were (6.8)% for the three months ended March 30, 2025 and 8.6% for the three months ended March 31, 2024. See
Note 5
. Our effective tax rates for non-GAAP Adjusted income were 7.8% for the three months ended March 30, 2025 and 16.6% for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
(b)
The amounts for the three months ended March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024 include reconciling amounts for
Research and development expenses
that are not material to our non-GAAP consolidated results of operations.
(c)
Includes employee termination costs, asset impairments and other exit costs related to our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives not associated with acquisitions. See
Note 3
.
(d)
See
Note 4
.
(e)
For the three months ended March 30, 2025, the total
Other (income)/deductions––net
adjustment of
$166 million primarily includes charges of $142 million for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the total
Other (income)/deductions––net
adjustment of
$294 million primarily included charges of (i) $246 million mostly related to our equity-method accounting