year presented. Pfizer's fiscal year-end for U.S. subsidiaries is as of and for the year ended December 31 for each year presented. All significant transactions among our subsidiaries have been eliminated.
We manage our commercial operations through
three
operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma, PC1 and Pfizer Ignite. Biopharma is the only reportable segment.
See
Note 17A
.
On December 14, 2023, we completed the acquisition of Seagen. In addition, other acquisitions and business development activities completed in 2024, 2023 and 2022 impacted financial results in the periods presented. See
Note 2
.
We have made certain reclassification adjustments to conform prior-period amounts to the current presentation for:
•
in the first quarter of 2024, we reclassified royalty income (substantially all of which is related to Biopharma) from
Other (income)/deductions––net
and began presenting
Royalty revenues
as a separate line item within
Total revenues
in our consolidated statements of operations, and reclassified the associated royalty receivables from
Other current assets
to
Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts
in our consolidated balance sheet; and
•
segment reporting and geographic information in connection with the commercial reorganization that went into effect on January 1, 2024 (see
Notes
9
and
1
7
).
Certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements and associated notes may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts.
B
.
New Accounting Standards Adopted in 2024
On January 1, 2024, we adopted a new accounting standard which clarifies that contractual sale restrictions are not considered in measuring equity securities at fair value. The new guidance is consistent with our existing policy; therefore, it had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, we adopted a new accounting standard which requires the disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the CODM and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, other segment items by reportable segment and a description of its composition. See
Note 17A
.
C.
Estimates and Assumptions
In preparing these financial statements, we use certain estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and disclosures. These estimates and assumptions can impact all elements of our financial statements. For example, in the consolidated statements of operations, estimates are used when accounting for deductions from revenues, determining the cost of inventory that is sold, allocating cost in the form of depreciation and amortization, and estimating restructuring charges and the impact of contingencies, as well as determining provisions for taxes on income. On the consolidated balance sheets, estimates are used in determining the valuation and recoverability of assets, and in determining the reported amounts of liabilities, all of which