unrecognized tax benefits and potential tax benefits may not be representative of actual outcomes, and variation from such estimates could materially affect our financial statements in the period of settlement or when the statutes of limitations expire, as we treat these events as discrete items in the period of resolution. Finalizing audits with the relevant taxing authorities can include formal administrative and legal proceedings, and, as a result, it is difficult to estimate the timing and range of possible changes related to our uncertain tax positions, and such changes could be significant.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
E. Tax Provision/(Benefit) on Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
(a)
Taxes are not provided for foreign currency translation adjustments relating to investments in international subsidiaries that are expected to be held indefinitely.
Note 6.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Excluding Noncontrolling Interests
(a)
Amounts do not include foreign currency translation adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests.
(b)
Foreign currency translation adjustments include net gains/(losses) related to the impact of our net investment hedging program and gains/(losses) related to our investment in Haleon (see
Note 2C
).
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Note 7.
Financial Instruments
A. Fair Value Measurements
Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis and Fair Value Hierarchy, using a Market Approach:
(a)
Includes money market funds. As of December 31, 2024, short-term equity securities include our investment in Haleon of $
6.5
billion. See
Note 2C
.
(b)
Long-term equity securities of $
133
million as of December 31, 2024 and $
130
million as of December 31, 2023 were held in restricted trusts for U.S. non-qualified employee benefit plans.
(c)
Includes life insurance policies held in restricted trusts for U.S. non-qualified employee benefit plans. The underlying invested assets in these contracts are marketable securities, which are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in
Other (income)/deductions—net
(see
Note 4
)
.
Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis––
The carrying value of Long-term debt, excluding the current portion was $
57
billion as of December 31, 2024 and $
62
billion as of December 31, 2023. The estimated fair value of such debt, using a market approach and Level 2 inputs, was $
54
billion as of December 31, 2024 and $
61
billion as of December 31, 2023.
The differences between the estimated fair values and carrying values of held-to-maturity debt securities, private equity securities, long-term receivables and short-term borrowings not measured at fair value on a recurring basis were not significant as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. The fair value measurements of our held-to-maturity debt securities and short-term