4.2
billion) in dividends from the JV in July 2022, of which $
4.0
billion related to a one-time pre-separation dividend, which decreased the carrying value of our investment and are included in
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities
. Simultaneous with the receipt of the dividends, we repaid the £
2.9
billion loan from the JV. GSK similarly received pro rata dividends and simultaneously repaid its pro rata loan from the JV. In conjunction with these transactions, our indemnification of GSK’s guarantee discussed above was terminated.
Investment in ViiV––
In 2009, we and GSK created ViiV, which is focused on research, development and commercialization of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) medicines. We own approximately
11.7
% of ViiV, and prior to 2016 we accounted for our investment under the equity method due to the significant influence that we have over the operations of ViiV through our board representation and minority veto rights. We suspended application of the equity method to our investment in ViiV in 2016 when the carrying value of our investment was reduced to
zero
due to the recognition of cumulative equity-method losses and dividends, and therefore we no longer record our proportionate share of ViiV’s net income (loss) in our results of operations. Since 2016, we have recognized dividends from ViiV as income in
Other (income)/deductions––net
when earned, including dividends of $
272
million in 2024, $
265
million in 2023 and $
314
million in 2022 (see
Note 4
).
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
D.
Collaborative Arrangements
We enter into collaborative arrangements with respect to in-line medicines, as well as medicines in development that require completion of research and regulatory approval. Collaborative arrangements are contractual agreements with third parties that involve a joint operating activity, typically a research and/or commercialization effort, where both we and our partner are active participants in the activity and are exposed to the significant risks and rewards of the activity. Our rights and obligations under our collaborative arrangements vary. For example, we have agreements to co-promote pharmaceutical products discovered by us or other companies, and we have agreements where we partner to co-develop and/or participate together in commercializing, marketing, promoting, manufacturing and/or distributing a drug product or vaccine.
Collaboration with Biohaven––
In November 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement and related sublicense agreement with Biohaven and certain of its subsidiaries to commercialize rimegepant and zavegepant for the treatment and prevention of migraines outside of the U.S., subject to regulatory approval. Under the terms of the agreement, Biohaven would lead R&D globally and we would have the exclusive right to commercialization globally, outside of the U.S. Upon the closing of the transaction on January 4, 2022,