the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded or to expand controls on drug pricing, government reimbursement, and access to medicines and vaccines on public and private insurance plans could have a material impact on us.
We must offer discounts or rebates on purchases of pharmaceutical products under various government programs including Medicare, Medicaid, the Veterans Administration and the 340B Program. We also must report specific prices to state and federal government agencies. The calculations necessary to determine the prices reported are complex and the failure to do so accurately may expose us to enforcement measures. See the discussion regarding rebates in the
Product Revenue Deductions
section within MD&A and
Note 1G
.
The drug pricing provisions of the IRA are being implemented over the next several years. The IRA includes several provisions to lower prescription drug costs for Medicare patients and to reduce drug spending by the federal government. Among other things, the IRA enhances the Medicare Part D benefit by eliminating the coverage gap (“donut hole”) beginning in 2025, adds a maximum out-of-pocket cap for Medicare beneficiaries (set at $2,000 for 2025), and creates a new program, the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan, that allows patients to pay their cost-sharing over time. These changes also include a new Medicare Part D Manufacturer Discount Program, which will change our discounting obligations for Medicare Part D utilization of our drugs. Specifically, this program requires manufacturers to provide a 10% discount on branded prescriptions in the initial coverage phase and a 20% discount in the catastrophic phase. The IRA also imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D on drug price increases that outpace inflation, and directs HHS to set the prices of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare, known as the MDPNP. In August 2023, CMS published the first ten medicines subject to the MDPNP, which included Eliquis. In August 2024, the government released the new Medicare price for Eliquis, which, effective January 1, 2026, will be required to be offered to all Medicare beneficiaries and to covered entities participating in the 340B Program that dispense Eliquis to a Medicare beneficiary if that maximum fair price is lower than the discounted price such entities are offered under the 340B Program ceiling price calculation. The Eliquis Medicare price is factored into our long-term financial planning, in accordance with our standard financial reporting and forecasting protocols. On January 17, 2025, CMS announced the selection of another 15 drugs from Medicare Part D for the maximum fair price, with prices to be set and effective on January 1, 2027. Ibrance and Xtandi were included in the list of 15 drugs selected. Another 15 drugs from Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D will be selected by February 1, 2026, for the maximum price to be set and