equitable healthcare.
The breadth of the products covered by formularies can vary considerably from one MCO to another, and many formularies include alternative and competitive products for treatment of particular medical problems. MCOs emphasize primary and preventive care, out-patient treatment and procedures performed at doctors’ offices and clinics as ways to manage costs. Hospitalization and surgery, typically the most expensive forms of treatment, are carefully managed, and drugs that can help in chronic care management and reduce the need for hospitalization, professional therapy or surgery may become favored first-line treatments for certain diseases. At the same time, MCOs may seek to exclude high-cost drugs from formularies in their efforts to manage and lower their costs.
Exclusion of a product from a formulary or other restrictions can significantly impact drug usage in the MCO or PBM managed patient population and beyond. Consequently, pharmaceutical companies compete to gain access to formularies for their products, typically on the basis of unique product features, such as greater efficacy, better patient ease of use, or fewer side effects, as well as the overall cost of the therapy. We continue to seek to ensure that our major products are included on MCO formularies. However, our branded products are increasingly being placed on the higher tiers or in a non-preferred status. Continuing efforts by managed care entities to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect demand for our products and our financial performance. See the
Item 1A. Risk Factors
—
Managed Care Trends
section.
RAW MATERIALS
We procure raw materials essential to our business from numerous suppliers worldwide. In general, these materials have been available in sufficient quantities to support our demand and in many cases are available from multiple suppliers. We do not anticipate the availability of raw materials to have a significant impact on our operations in 2025, but are monitoring potential supply chain disruptions as a result of ongoing geopolitical and trade negotiations, which could, among other things, impact costs. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible.
GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND PRICE CONSTRAINTS
We are subject to extensive regulation by government authorities in the countries in which we do business. This includes laws and regulations governing the operations of biopharmaceutical companies, such as the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products, pricing (including discounts and rebates) and price reporting, interactions with healthcare professionals, institutions, and referral sources, reporting of remuneration provided to healthcare providers and academic medical centers, financial assistance provided to patients,