Haleon.
In 2025, Pfizer made the decision to discontinue Pfizer Ignite and will begin winding down this business while collaborating closely with our Ignite partners to ensure continuity and the successful transition of work.
Reconciling items include the following items, transactions and events that are not allocated to our operating segments: (i) all amortization of intangible assets; (ii) acquisition-related items; and (iii) certain significant items, representing substantive and/or unusual, and in some cases recurring, items that are evaluated on an individual basis by management and that, either as a result of their nature or size, would not be expected to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis.
Segment Assets––
We manage our assets on a total company basis, not by operating segment, as our operating assets are shared or commingled. Therefore, our CODM does not regularly review any asset information by operating segment and, accordingly, we do not report asset information by operating segment. Total assets were $
208
billion as of March 30, 2025 and $
213
billion as of December 31, 2024.
Selected Statement of Operations Information
(a)
Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income.
(b)
Certain production facilities are shared. Depreciation is allocated based on estimates of physical production.
(c)
Biopharma’s earnings in the first quarter of 2025 reflect a credit to
Cost of sales
representing a favorable revision of our estimate of accrued royalties. Biopharma’s revenues and earnings in the first quarter of 2024 reflected a non-cash favorable product return adjustment of $
771
million (see
Note 17C
in our 2024 Form 10-K).
Biopharma’s earnings also include dividend income from our investment in ViiV of $
39
million in the first quarter of 2025 and $
61
million in the first quarter of 2024 recorded in
Other (income)/deductions––net.
(d)
Other business activities include revenues and costs associated with PC1 and Pfizer Ignite as well as costs that we do not allocate to our operating segments, per above.
(e)
Earnings in the first quarter of 2025 include, among other items restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring of $
666
million (primarily
recorded in
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs
). See
Note 3
.
29
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
B. Geographic Information
C. Other Revenue Information
Significant Customers
Revenues from the U.S. government were
not
material for the three months ended March 30, 2025. Revenues from the U.S. government comprised
10
% of total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and primarily represented sales of Paxlovid, including the non-cash favorable product return adjustment of $
771
million. See
Note 17C
in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Significant Revenues by Product
The following provides detailed revenue