market for our common stock is the NYSE. Our common stock currently trades on the NYSE under the symbol “PFE”. As of February 20, 2025, there were 113,116 holders of record of our common stock.
The following summarizes purchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2024:
(a)
Represents (i) 127,726 shares of common stock surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of awards under our long-term incentive programs and (ii) the open market purchase by the trustee of 3,289 shares of common stock in connection with the reinvestment of dividends paid on common stock held in trust for employees who deferred receipt of performance share awards.
(b)
See
Note 12
.
PEER GROUP PERFORMANCE GRAPH
The following graph assumes a $100 investment on December 31, 2019, and reinvestment of all dividends, in each of the Company’s Common Stock, a composite peer group of the major U.S. and European-based pharmaceutical companies, which are: AbbVie Inc., Amgen Inc., AstraZeneca PLC, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly and Company, GSK plc, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Novo Nordisk, Roche Holding AG and Sanofi, the S&P 500 Index and the NYSE Arca Pharmaceutical Index (DRG index).
Five Year Performance
GENERAL
The following MD&A is intended to assist the reader in understanding our financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of the amounts and certainty of cash flows from operations and from outside sources, and is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
in this Form 10-K. Discussions of 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found within MD&A in our 2023 Form 10-K.
References to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. Although foreign exchange rate changes are part of our business, they are not within our control and because they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, we believe presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate our results.
In the first quarter of 2024, we reclassified royalty income (substantially all of which is related to our Biopharma segment) from
Other (income)/deductions––net
and began presenting
Royalty revenues
as a separate line item within
Total revenues
in our consolidated statements of operations. Prior-period amounts have been recast to conform to the current presentation.
OVERVIEW OF OUR PERFORMANCE, OPERATING ENVIRONMENT, STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK
Financial Highlights
––
The following is a summary of certain financial performance metrics (in billions, except per share data):
**  For additional information regarding Adjusted diluted EPS (which is a non-GAAP financial measure),