the selection of another 15 drugs from Medicare Part D for the maximum fair price, with prices to be set and effective on January 1, 2027. Ibrance and Xtandi were included in the list of 15 drugs selected. Another 15 drugs from Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D will be selected by February 1, 2026, for the maximum price to be set and in effect by January 1, 2028. It is possible that more of our products could be selected in future years, which could, among other things, lead to lower revenues prior to expiry of intellectual property protections. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. The IRA made significant changes to the Medicare Part D benefit design, which will impact Pfizer revenues in 2025, including: an expected favorable impact from the $2,000 annual out-of-pocket cap and new Prescription Payment Plan, more than offset by an expected unfavorable impact from the sunsetting of the Coverage Gap Discount Program and the addition of new manufacturer discounts in the initial and catastrophic coverage phases. We anticipate a net unfavorable impact to revenue in 2025 of approximately $1 billion, year-over-year, related to the Medicare Part D Redesign changes that take effect in 2025. We expect these changes will more acutely impact our higher-priced medicines as they are expected to reach catastrophic coverage earlier in the year. In addition, changes to the MDRP or the 340B Program, including legal or legislative developments at the federal or state level with respect to the 340B Program, could
have a material impact on our business. See the
Item 1. Business
––
Pricing Pressures and Managed Care Organizations
and
––Government Regulation and Price Constraints
and the
Item 1A. Risk Factors
––
Pricing and Reimbursement
sections.
Impact of the July 2023 Tornado in Rocky Mount, North Carolina (NC)
––
Our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. The facility is a key producer of sterile injectables and is responsible for manufacturing nearly 25 percent of all our sterile injectables—including anesthesia, analgesia, and micronutrients. Supply of medicines has recovered from the impact of the tornado. We incurred losses in 2023 and 2024 that were partially offset by insurance recoveries received.
Product Supply
––
We periodically encounter supply delays, disruptions and shortages, including due to voluntary product recalls and natural or man-made disasters. In response to requests from various regulatory authorities, manufacturers across the pharmaceutical industry, including Pfizer, are evaluating their product portfolios for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines and we are actively engaging with regulatory authorities on this topic. If nitrosamines are detected above certain levels in our products, this may lead to market action for