required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Evaluation of the U.S. Medicare, Medicaid, and performance-based contract rebates accrual
As discussed in
Note 1G
to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records estimated deductions for Medicare, Medicaid, and performance-based contract rebates (collectively, U.S. rebates) as a reduction to gross product revenues. The accrual for U.S. rebates is recorded in the same period that the corresponding revenues are recognized. The length of time between when a sale is made and when the U.S. rebate is paid by the Company can be as long as one year, which increases the need for significant management judgment and knowledge of market conditions and practices in estimating the accrual.
We identified the evaluation of the U.S. rebates accrual as a critical audit matter because the evaluation of the product-specific experience ratio assumption involved especially challenging auditor judgment. The product-specific experience ratio assumption relates to estimating which of the Company’s revenue transactions will ultimately be subject to a related rebate.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s U.S. rebates accrual process related to the development of the product-specific experience ratio assumptions. We estimated the U.S. rebates accrual using internal information and historical data and compared the result to the Company’s estimated U.S. rebates accrual. We evaluated the Company’s ability to accurately estimate the accrual for U.S. rebates by comparing historically recorded accruals to the actual amount that was ultimately paid by the Company.
Evaluation of gross unrecognized tax benefits
As discussed in
Notes 5D
and
1Q
, the Company’s tax positions are subject to audit by local taxing authorities in each respective tax jurisdiction, and the resolution of such audits may span multiple years. Since tax law is complex and often subject to varied interpretations and judgments, it is uncertain whether some of the Company’s tax positions will be sustained upon audit. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has recorded gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated interest, of $4.5 billion.
We identified the evaluation of certain of the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits as a critical audit matter because a high degree of audit