biopharmaceutical functions, including our efforts to effectively launch and market our products to our customers.
Operating conditions have also shifted as a result of increased global competitive pressures, industry regulation and cost containment. We continue to evaluate, adapt and improve our organization and business practices in an effort to better meet customer and public needs. We believe that we have taken an industry-leading role in evolving our ethical approaches to U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising, interactions with, and payments to, healthcare professionals and medical education grants. We also continue to support programs to help address patient affordability and access barriers, as we strive to advance fundamental health system change through our support for better healthcare solutions. For example, our
Accord for a Healthier World
program aims to provide our full portfolio of patented and off-patent medicines and vaccines for which Pfizer holds global rights on a not-for-profit basis to 1.2 billion people living in 45 lower-income countries around the world.
Our vaccines have and may continue to face competition, including from the introduction of alternative vaccines or “next-generation” vaccines prior to or after the expiration of their patents, which may adversely affect our future results.
Our biosimilars, which include biosimilars of certain inflammation & immunology and oncology biologic medicines, compete with branded products from competitors, as well as other generics and biosimilars manufacturers. We seek to maximize the opportunity to establish a “first-to-market” or early market position for our biosimilars to provide customers a lower-cost alternative immediately when available and also to potentially provide us with higher levels of sales and profitability until other competitors enter the market.
Generic Products
.
Generic pharmaceutical manufacturers pose one of the biggest competitive challenges to our branded small molecule products because they can market a competing version of our product after the expiration or loss of our patent protection and often charge much less. Several competitors regularly challenge our product patents before their expiration. Generic competitors often operate without large R&D expenses, as well as without costs of conveying medical information about products to the medical community. In addition, the approval process in the U.S. and in the EU exempts generics from costly and time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy data of the innovator product. In China, for example, given the expansion of the QCE process and continuation of the VBP program, we expect to continue to face intensified competition by certain generic manufacturers in 2025 and beyond, which has and may continue to result in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products. In addition, generic versions of competitors’