ORD and PRD organizations to form a single Pfizer R&D organization that is responsible for all R&D activities across all therapeutic areas.
In the fourth quarter of 2023, we announced that we launched a multi-year, enterprise-wide cost realignment program (Realigning Our Cost Base Program) that aims to realign our costs with our longer-term revenue expectations. In the second quarter of 2024, we announced that we launched a multi-year, multi-phased program to reduce our costs of goods sold (Manufacturing Optimization Program), which is expected to include operational efficiencies, network structure changes, and product portfolio enhancements. See
Note 3
. For a description of anticipated savings related to these programs, see the
Costs and Expenses––Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives
section within MD&A
.
R&D:
We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. R&D is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the medicines and vaccines that may be the most impactful for patients. Innovation, drug discovery and development are critical to our success. In addition to discovering and developing new products, our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. See the
Item 1. Business
—
Research and Development
section for our R&D priorities and strategy.
We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including:
•
an aging global population that is generating increased demand for innovative medicines and vaccines that address patients’ unmet needs; and
•
advances in both biological science and platform technologies that are enhancing the delivery of potential breakthrough new medicines and vaccines.
Our Business Development Initiatives
––
We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy. See
Note 2
for significant recent activities.
Our 2024 Performance
Total Revenues
––Total revenues
increased $4.1 billion, or 7%, to $63.6 billion in 2024 from $59.6 billion in 2023, reflecting an operational increase of