.
Regulatory Environment/Pricing and Access––Government and Other Payor Group Pressures
––
The pricing of medicines and vaccines by pharmaceutical manufacturers and the cost of healthcare, which includes medicines, vaccines, medical services and hospital services, continues to be important to payors, governments, patients, and other stakeholders. Federal and state governments and private third-party payors in the U.S. continue to take action to manage the utilization and cost of drugs, including increasingly employing formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of deductibles, utilization management tools, cost sharing or formulary placement. We consider a number of factors impacting the pricing of our medicines and vaccines. Within the U.S., we often engage with patients, doctors and healthcare plans. We also often provide significant discounts from the list price to insurers, including PBMs and MCOs. The price that patients pay in the U.S. for prescribed medicines and vaccines is ultimately set by healthcare providers and insurers, including government healthcare programs. Governments globally, as well as private third-party payors in the U.S., may use a variety of measures to control costs, including, among others, legislative or regulatory pricing reforms, drug formularies (including tiering and utilization management tools), cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, “international reference pricing” (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), quality consistency evaluation processes and volume-based procurement. We anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing and access pressures globally. In the U.S., we expect to see continued focus by the U.S. government on regulating drug pricing and access to medicine. The drug pricing provisions of the IRA are being implemented over the next several years. In August 2023, CMS published the first ten medicines subject to the MDPNP, which requires manufacturers of select drugs to engage in a process with the federal government to set new Medicare prices which would go into effect in 2026. Eliquis was among the first ten medicines subject to MDPNP. In August 2024, the government released the new Medicare price for Eliquis, which, effective January 1, 2026, will be required to be offered to all Medicare beneficiaries and to covered entities participating in the 340B Program that dispense Eliquis to a Medicare beneficiary if that maximum fair price is lower than the discounted price such entities are offered under the 340B Program ceiling price calculation. The Eliquis Medicare price is factored into our long-term financial planning, in accordance with our standard financial reporting and forecasting protocols. On January 17, 2025, CMS announced