versus three budgeted metrics, one of which, for the 2024 performance year, was Adjusted diluted EPS (as defined for annual incentive compensation purposes), which is derived from Adjusted income and accounted for 40% of the bonus pool funding tied to financial performance. Additionally, for the 2024 performance year, the payout for performance share awards was determined in part by Adjusted net income, which is derived from Adjusted income. Since 2022, we no longer exclude any expenses for acquired IPR&D from our non-GAAP Adjusted results but we continue to exclude certain of these expenses for our financial results for annual incentive compensation purposes. The bonus pool funding is largely based on financial performance, as measured by three metrics, modified by performance against certain of our non-financial metrics, and may be further modified by our Compensation Committee’s assessment of other factors.
Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. Because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. A limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their most directly comparable GAAP measures of
Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders
, components of
Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders
and
EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—diluted
, respectively.
We also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. We also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. For example, our R&D organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. In addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans.
Adjusted Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS
Amortization of Intangible Assets
—Adjusted income excludes all amortization of intangible assets.
Acquisition-Related Items
––
Adjusted income excludes certain acquisition-related items, which are composed of transaction, integration, restructuring charges and additional depreciation costs for business combinations because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred to restructure and integrate businesses as a result of an acquisition. We have made no