have in the past impacted certain of our products and could impact our products in the future, such as by resulting in the loss of marketing approval, changes in labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about safety and/or efficacy, including newly discovered adverse events. Regulatory agencies in countries outside the U.S. often have similar regulations and may impose comparable requirements, although there are differences between the U.S., the EU and other international regulatory requirements, which may contribute to inconsistency or uncertainty in the marketability of our products across different jurisdictions. Post-marketing studies and clinical trials, whether conducted by us or by others, whether mandated by regulatory agencies or conducted voluntarily, and other emerging data about products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products. Further, if safety or efficacy concerns are raised about a product in the same class as one of our products, those concerns could implicate the entire class; and this, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our product(s) or product candidates as well as other products in the class. The potential regulatory, commercial or other implications of post-marketing study results typically cannot immediately be determined. In September 2024, we made the decision to voluntarily withdraw Oxbryta in all markets where it is approved based on the totality of clinical data that indicated at that time the overall benefit of Oxbryta no longer outweighs the risk in the approved sickle cell patient population. For more information, see the
Product Developments
section within MD&A.
The terms of our EUA for Comirnaty require that we conduct post-observational studies to evaluate the association between the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (Original monovalent), Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, Bivalent, and the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Formula), and a pre-specified list of adverse events of special interest, including myocarditis and pericarditis, along with deaths and hospitalizations, and severe COVID-19. The required study populations include individuals specified in our September 2023 authorization letter (reissued) as well as populations of interest, such as healthcare workers, pregnant women, immunocompromised individuals and subpopulations with specific comorbidities. Additionally, in relation to the FDA approval for Comirnaty, we are required to complete certain post marketing study requirements and commitments through 2024 and beyond.
LEGAL MATTERS
We are and may be involved in various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, including personal injury, consumer fraud, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, commercial and other asserted and unasserted matters, environmental, government