decision responsibilities through training, coaching, and a robust support network.
We are committed to helping our colleagues reach their full potential by rewarding both their performance and leadership skills and by providing opportunities for growth and development. Our performance management approach—called Performance and Leadership Insights—is based on six-month semesters during which our colleagues and their managers set goals, receive feedback and meet to discuss performance. These conversations are meant to help colleagues grow and develop by evaluating performance (what the colleague achieved, measured by outcomes), leadership (how they achieved it, taking into account Pfizer’s values of courage, excellence, equity and joy), and identifying areas of growth that help move colleagues towards fulfilling their career goals and their potential.
Growth and Development
. Supporting colleagues’ ongoing growth not only supports their individual success but also cultivates a resilient and adaptable workforce that can thrive in the face of change. As we navigate the evolving landscape of our industry, we recognize that providing our colleagues with opportunities for learning, skill-building, and growth is essential to their engagement, productivity, and overall job satisfaction. Investing in career growth and development reaffirms our commitment to our colleagues, demonstrates our belief in their potential, and supports them in being motivated, agile, and equipped with the necessary skills to tackle new challenges and seize emerging opportunities. Our perspective on career growth continues to shift from a traditional, linear view to one that is built on aspirations and embraces a variety of experiences. We actively encourage growth opportunities and part-time or temporary projects that allow colleagues to expand their expertise and build new skills while remaining in their current roles. We also promote diagonal moves, where colleagues pursue new roles in different job functions to gain a holistic understanding of the enterprise. By fostering an environment that encourages continuous learning, embraces flexibility, and empowers decision-making at all levels, we are not just preparing our workforce for the future—we are actively shaping it. We believe this approach helps ensure that Pfizer remains at the forefront of innovation, ready to tackle the health challenges of tomorrow with a skilled, adaptable, and purpose-driven team.
Health, Safety and Well-Being
. At Pfizer, protecting the health, safety, and well-being of colleagues and contingent workers, all of whom are essential to driving our business forward, is an integral part of how we operate. Pfizer's Global Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Policy and
supporting standards outline our approach to assessment, evaluation, elimination, and mitigation of EHS risks across our operations globally. Our leadership is accountable for EHS compliance and risk management. Colleagues and contingent