on our trade accounts receivables with significant customers, see
Note 13C
below and
Note 17C
in our 2024 Form 10-K.
As of March 30, 2025, the largest investment exposures in our portfolio consisted primarily of U.S. government money market funds, as well as sovereign debt instruments issued by the U.S., Germany, the U.K. and Canada.
18
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
With respect to our derivative financial instrument agreements with financial institutions, we do not expect to incur a significant loss from failure of any counterparty. Derivative financial instruments are executed under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements with credit-support annexes that contain zero threshold provisions requiring collateral to be exchanged daily depending on levels of exposure. As a result, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual financial institution. As of March 30, 2025, the aggregate fair value of these derivative financial instruments that are in a net payable position was $
646
million, for which we have posted collateral of $
640
million with a corresponding amount reported in
Short-term investments
. As of March 30, 2025, the aggregate fair value of our derivative financial instruments that are in a net receivable position was $
487
million, for which we have received collateral of $
564
million with a corresponding amount reported in
Short-term borrowings, including current portion of long-term debt.
Note 8.
Other Financial Information
A.
Inventories
(a)
Included in
Other noncurrent assets
. Based on our current estimates and assumptions, there are no recoverability issues for these amounts.
B. Other Current Liabilities
Other current liabilities
include, among other things, amounts payable to BioNTech for the gross profit split for Comirnaty, which totaled $
1.1
billion as of March 30, 2025 and $
1.3
billion as of December 31, 2024.
C. Supplier Finance Program Obligation
We maintain voluntary supply chain finance agreements with several participating financial institutions. Under these agreements, participating suppliers may voluntarily elect to sell their accounts receivable with Pfizer to these financial institutions. As of March 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, $
546
million and $
688
million of our trade payables to suppliers who participate in these financing arrangements were outstanding.
Note 9.
Identifiable Intangible Assets, Net and Goodwill
A. Identifiable Intangible Assets
(a)
The decrease in the gross carrying amount reflects an impairment of $
210
million (see
Note 4
).
(b)
The decrease is primarily due to amortization expense of $
1.2
billion.
B. Goodwill
As a result of the organizational changes to the commercial structure within the Biopharma operating segment effective in the first quarter of 2025 (see
Note 13A
), our goodwill was reallocated amongst impacted reporting units. We completed