section within MD&A.
(b)
The 2024 amount included a $771 million favorable final adjustment to the estimated non-cash Paxlovid revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Product revenue deductions are primarily a function of product sales volume, mix of products sold, contractual or legislative discounts and rebates.
For information on our accruals for product revenue deductions, including the balance sheet classification of these accruals, see
Note 1B
.
Total Revenues––Selected Product Discussion
Biopharma
37
Pfizer CentreOne
See the
Item 1. Business
—
Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section of our 2024 Form 10-K for information regarding the expiration of various patent rights,
Note 12
for a discussion of recent developments concerning patent and product litigation relating to certain of the products discussed above and
Note 13C
for additional information regarding the primary indications or class of the selected products discussed above.
Costs and Expenses
First Quarter of 2025 vs. First Quarter of 2024
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales
decreased $534 million in the first quarter of 2025, primarily due to:
•
a favorable revision of our estimate of accrued royalties; and
•
a $210 million favorable impact of foreign exchange,
partially offset by:
•
a $260 million unfavorable impact of changes in sales mix.
38
The decrease in
Cost of sales
as a percentage of revenues in the first quarter of 2025 was primarily due to all the factors discussed above, as well as the non-recurrence of the Paxlovid favorable final adjustment of $771 million recorded in the first quarter of 2024 to the estimated non-cash Paxlovid revenue reversal recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Certain of our vaccines, including Comirnaty, are subject to seasonality of demand, with a greater portion of revenues and related cost of sales anticipated in the fall and winter seasons. See also the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook
—The Global Economic Environment––COVID-19
section for information about our COVID-19 products.
Selling, Informational and Administrative Expenses
Selling, informational and administrative
expenses decreased $464 million in the first quarter of 2025, primarily reflecting ongoing productivity improvements as part of our cost realignment program that drove both a decrease of $185 million in marketing and promotional spend for various products and lower spending of $145 million in corporate enabling functions, as well as lower spending of $90 million on COVID-19 products.
Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses
decreased $290 million in the first quarter of 2025, primarily driven by a net decrease in spending of $260 million due to pipeline focus and optimization, as well as lower compensation-related expenses.
Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives
Realigning Our Cost Base Program
––