EC adopted a proposal to revise the EU pharmaceutical legislation. In April 2024, the European Parliament introduced amendments to the EC's proposal. The EU legislative process remains ongoing, with several stages still required before the reform can receive final approval. Once completed, the reform is likely to be the most comprehensive overhaul of EU medicines regulation in over 20 years, with a wide range of impacts including on approval procedures, regulatory data protection, and environmental protection measures. Once approved, certain provisions of the reform could potentially have an adverse impact on our business.
Pharmacovigilance.
In the EU, the EMA’s PRAC is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations on product safety issues. Specifically, the PRAC focuses on detecting, assessing and communicating the risks associated with adverse reactions of medicinal products, while considering their therapeutic effects. It also evaluates post-authorization safety studies and conducts pharmacovigilance audits. Outside developed markets, pharmacovigilance requirements vary and are generally not as extensive, but there is a trend toward increasing regulation.
Pricing and Reimbursement
.
Certain governments, including in the different EU member states, the U.K., Japan, China and Canada, provide healthcare at low-to-zero direct cost to consumers at the point of care and have significant power to regulate pharmaceutical prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system, particularly under recent global financing pressures. Governments globally may use a variety of measures to control costs, including, among others, legislative or regulatory pricing reforms, cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, “international reference pricing” (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), QCE processes and VBP. In addition, the international patchwork of price regulation, differing economic conditions and incomplete value assessments across countries has led to varying access to quality medicines in many markets and some third-party trade in our products between countries. Several important multilateral organizations such as the WHO scrutinize international pharmaceutical pricing through policy recommendations and sponsorship of programs, such as “The Oslo Medicines Initiative” (OMI) which aimed to ensure “affordability for high-priced medicines”. The OMI concluded its work in September 2022, and the WHO/Europe Access to Novel Medicines Platform was established to enhance affordable and equitable access to effective, innovative and high-priced medicinal products in the region.
In China, pricing pressures have increased in recent years because of an overall focus on healthcare cost containment with the central government emphasizing