pharmaceutical rebates based upon our experience ratio of rebates paid and actual prescriptions written during prior periods. We apply the experience ratio to the respective period’s sales to determine the rebate accrual and related expense. This experience ratio is evaluated regularly to ensure that the historical trends are as current as practicable. We estimate discounts on branded prescription drug sales in prior periods to Medicare Part D participants in the Medicare “coverage gap,” also known as the “doughnut hole,” and as of December 31, 2024 in the initial coverage and catastrophic phases under the Manufacturer Discount Program based on the historical experience of beneficiary prescriptions and consideration of the utilization that is expected to result from the discount in the coverage gap or from the manufacturer’s discount, respectively. We evaluate this estimate regularly to ensure that the historical trends and future expectations are as current as practicable. For performance-based contract rebates, we also consider current contract terms, such as changes in formulary status and rebate rates.
•
Outside the U.S., the majority of our pharmaceutical sales allowances are contractual or legislatively mandated and our estimates are based on actual invoiced sales within each period, which reduces the risk of variations in the estimation process. In certain European countries, rebates are calculated on the government’s total unbudgeted pharmaceutical spending or on specific product sales thresholds and we apply an estimated allocation factor against our actual invoiced sales to project the expected level of reimbursement. We obtain third-party information that helps us to monitor the adequacy of these accruals.
•
Provisions for pharmaceutical chargebacks (primarily reimbursements to U.S. wholesalers for honoring contracted prices and legislated discounts to third parties) closely approximate actual amounts incurred, as we settle these deductions generally within two to five weeks of incurring the liability.
We recorded revenues of more than $
1
billion for each of 11 products in 2024, for each of nine products in 2023 and for each of ten products in 2022, and these revenues represented
66
%,
64
% and
82
% of our
Total revenues
in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See
Note 17C
. The loss or expiration of intellectual property rights can have a significant adverse effect on our revenues as our contracts with customers will generally be at lower selling prices and lower volumes due to added generic competition. We generally provide for higher sales returns during the period in which individual markets begin to near the loss or expiration of intellectual property rights.
Taxes collected from customers relating to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from
Product revenues
.
Trade Accounts Receivable
—Trade accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value. The allowance for credit losses reflects our