Inc.’s guarantee of the debt issued by PIE in May 2023. We have also guaranteed the long-term debt of certain subsidiaries of Pfizer and certain companies that we acquired and that now are subsidiaries of Pfizer. See
Note 7D
.
C. Certain Commitments
As of December 31, 2024, we had commitments totaling $
4.1
billion that are legally binding and enforceable. These commitments include purchase obligations for goods and services and payments relating to potential milestone payments deemed reasonably likely to occur.
See
Note 5A
for information on the TCJA repatriation tax liability.
D. Contingent Consideration for Acquisitions
We may be required to make payments to sellers for certain prior business combinations that are contingent upon future events or outcomes. See
Note 1D
. The estimated fair value of contingent consideration as of December 31, 2024 is $
517
million, of which $
39
million is recorded in
Other current liabilities
and $
477
million in
Other noncurrent liabilities,
and as of December 31, 2023 was $
692
million, of which $
179
million was recorded in
Other current liabilities
and $
512
million in
Other noncurrent liabilities
. The decrease in the contingent consideration balance from December 31, 2023 is primarily due to payments made upon the achievement of certain sales-based milestones.
E. Insurance
Our insurance coverage reflects market conditions (including cost and availability) existing at the time it is written, and our decision to obtain insurance coverage or to self-insure varies accordingly. Depending upon the cost and availability of insurance and the nature of the risk involved, the amount of self-insurance may be significant. The cost and availability of coverage have resulted in self-insuring certain exposures, including product liability.
If we incur substantial liabilities that are not covered by insurance or substantially exceed insurance coverage and that are in excess of existing accruals, there could be a material adverse effect on our cash flows or results of operations in the period in which the amounts are paid and/or accrued.
Note 17.
Segment, Geographic and Other Revenue Information
A. Segment Information
We manage our commercial operations through
three
operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma, PC1 and Pfizer Ignite. Biopharma is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. PC1 is our contract development and manufacturing organization and a leading supplier of specialty active pharmaceutical ingredients. Pfizer Ignite is an offering that provides strategic guidance and end-to-end R&D services to select innovative biotech companies that align with Pfizer’s R&D focus areas. Prior to June 2024, PC1 and Pfizer Ignite were managed together by a single manager as part of the former Business Innovation operating segment. Biopharma is the only reportable segment. Pfizer’s CODM is the Chairman and Chief Executive