made the following changes within our Biopharma reportable segment that went into effect on January 1, 2025 to support our continued focus on commercial execution and to further strengthen Pfizer’s capabilities and leadership in discovering and developing breakthrough medicines and vaccines:
•
transitioned all activities within the former Pfizer Oncology Division to other parts of Biopharma. Specifically, within our Biopharma reportable segment the U.S. Oncology commercial organization and the global Oncology marketing organization, which were part of the former Pfizer Oncology Division, are now part of the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division. As of January 1, 2025, the commercial structure within our Biopharma reportable segment is now comprised of the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division, which now focuses on the commercialization of Pfizer’s entire product portfolio in the U.S. and is led by the Chief U.S. Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President and the Pfizer International Commercial Division, which focuses on the commercialization of Pfizer’s entire product portfolio in all international markets and is led by the Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President.
•
strategically combined our former global Oncology Research and Development (ORD) and Pfizer Research and Development (PRD) divisions to form a single Pfizer R&D organization led by the Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research and Development. This organization is responsible for overseeing all R&D activities with end-to-end responsibilities that span from discovery to late-phase clinical development, including facilitating regulatory submissions, engaging with health authorities and global medical strategies. The R&D organization also includes science-based disciplines, providing comprehensive technical expertise for the development of Pfizer's medicines and vaccines. A newly formed Chief Medical
28
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
Office is part of this structure, advancing medical and scientific knowledge by generating evidence-based insights to drive informed regulatory and healthcare decisions. It ensures all stakeholders – including patients, healthcare providers, pharmacists, payors, and health authorities – have complete and up-to-date information on the benefits and risks associated with our products. R&D spending may encompass upfront and pre-approval milestone payments for intellectual property rights related to its programs which would be recorded as
Acquired in-process research and development expenses
.
Other Business Activities and Reconciling Items––
Other business activities include the operating results of PC1 and Pfizer Ignite as well as certain pre-tax costs not allocated to our operating segment results, such as costs associated with corporate enabling functions and other corporate costs, as well as for the three months ended March 31, 2024, our share of earnings from