(tafamidis) and Vyndaqel (tafamidis meglumine). Scripps Research Institute (Scripps) owns the composition of matter patent and the method of treatment patents covering the products, and Pfizer is the exclusive licensee. Pfizer separately owns the crystalline form patent. Beginning in August 2023, we and Scripps brought patent infringement actions against the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the patents in suit. Pfizer is the sole plaintiff in actions that assert only the infringement and validity of the crystalline form patent.
Oxbryta (voxelotor)
In January 2024, Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc., Zydus Lifesciences Limited, and Zydus Worldwide DMCC (collectively, Zydus) and MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc. and MSN Laboratories Private Ltd. (collectively, MSN) separately notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of voxelotor tablets, challenging some of the patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Oxbryta (voxelotor tablets in 300 mg and 500 mg strengths and/or for oral suspension) on non-infringement grounds. In March 2024, we filed patent infringement actions against both generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the challenged patents. Zydus and MSN have not challenged our composition of matter patents or method of treatment patents for Oxbryta.
Nurtec (rimegepant)
In April 2024, Rubicon Research Private Limited, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Changzhou Pharmaceutical Factory, Natco Pharma Limited and Natco Pharma, Inc., MSN, Aurobindo Pharma Limited, Apitoria Pharma Private Limited and Aurobindo Pharma U.S.A. Inc. (collectively, Aurobindo) and Apotex Inc. and Apotex Corp. (collectively, Apotex) notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of rimegepant orally disintegrating tablets, claiming noninfringement and/or challenging the validity of some or all of the patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Nurtec (rimegepant orally disintegrating tablets Eq 75 mg base). In May 2024, we filed patent infringement actions against all the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware.
Xtandi (enzalutamide)
Beginning in August 2024, several generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of Xtandi, challenging some or all of the patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Xtandi. Beginning in August 2024, we brought patent infringement actions against the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey, asserting the validity and infringement of the patents in suit.
Inlyta (axitinib)
In October 2024, Sandoz Inc. (Sandoz) notified us that it had filed an ANDA with the FDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Inlyta. Sandoz asserts the invalidity and non-infringement of the