patents. Zydus and MSN have not challenged our composition of matter patents or method of treatment patents for Oxbryta.
Nurtec (rimegepant)
In April 2024, Rubicon Research Private Limited, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Changzhou Pharmaceutical Factory, Natco Pharma Limited and Natco Pharma, Inc., MSN, Aurobindo Pharma Limited, Apitoria Pharma Private Limited and Aurobindo Pharma U.S.A. Inc. (collectively, Aurobindo) and Apotex Inc. and Apotex Corp. (collectively, Apotex) notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of rimegepant orally disintegrating tablets, claiming noninfringement and/or challenging the validity of some or all of the patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Nurtec (rimegepant orally disintegrating tablets Eq 75 mg base). In May 2024, we filed patent infringement actions against all the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware.
Xtandi (enzalutamide)
Beginning in August 2024, several generic companies notified us and Astellas that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of Xtandi, challenging some or all of the patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for Xtandi. Beginning in August 2024, we brought patent infringement actions against the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey, asserting the validity and infringement of the patents in suit.
Inlyta (axitinib)
In October 2024, Sandoz Inc. (Sandoz) notified us that it had filed an ANDA with the FDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Inlyta. Sandoz asserts the invalidity and non-infringement of the crystalline form patent for Inlyta that expires in 2030. In November 2024, we filed suit against Sandoz in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the crystalline form patent for Inlyta.
Actions in Which We are the Defendant
Comirnaty (tozinameran)
In March 2022, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Alnylam) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer and Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary, alleging that Comirnaty infringes a U.S. patent issued in February 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In July 2022, Alnylam filed a second complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer, Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC, BioNTech and BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH, alleging that Comirnaty infringes a U.S. patent issued in July 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In May 2023, Alnylam filed a separate complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer and Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC alleging that Comirnaty infringes
four
additional U.S. patents issued on various dates in 2023 and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In February 2025,
one
of the patents asserted in the May 2023 complaint was dismissed from the litigation by stipulation