various U.S. federal courts following Pfizer’s voluntary recall of Chantix due to the presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline. Plaintiffs assert that they suffered economic harm purportedly as a result of purchasing Chantix or generic varenicline medicines sold by Pfizer. Plaintiffs seek to represent nationwide and state-specific classes and seek various remedies, including damages and medical monitoring. In December 2022, the federal actions were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to an MDL in the U.S.
25
PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)
District Court for the Southern District of New York. Similar putative class actions in Canada and Israel, where the product brand is Champix, have been dismissed.
Depo-Provera
A number of lawsuits have been filed against Pfizer and certain subsidiaries in various federal and state courts alleging that plaintiffs who used the injectable version of Depo-Provera (active ingredient medroxyprogesterone acetate, or MPA) for contraception developed meningioma. The cases also name other defendants, including the manufacturers of generic versions of injectable MPA for contraception. Plaintiffs assert claims against Pfizer relating to both Depo-Provera and generic MPA products, and seek compensatory and punitive damages. In February 2025, the federal cases were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to an MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida.
A3. Legal Proceedings––Commercial and Other Matters
Monsanto-Related Matters
In 1997, Monsanto Company (Former Monsanto) contributed certain chemical manufacturing operations and facilities to a newly formed corporation, Solutia Inc. (Solutia), and spun off the shares of Solutia. In 2000, Former Monsanto merged with Pharmacia & Upjohn Company to form Pharmacia. Pharmacia then transferred its agricultural operations to a newly created subsidiary, named Monsanto Company (New Monsanto), which it spun off in a two-stage process that was completed in 2002. Pharmacia was acquired by Pfizer in 2003 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer.
In connection with its spin-off that was completed in 2002, New Monsanto assumed, and agreed to indemnify Pharmacia for, any liabilities related to Pharmacia’s former agricultural business. New Monsanto has defended and/or is defending Pharmacia in connection with various claims and litigation arising out of, or related to, the agricultural business, and has been indemnifying Pharmacia when liability has been imposed or settlement has been reached regarding such claims and litigation.
In connection with its spin-off in 1997, Solutia assumed, and agreed to indemnify Pharmacia for, liabilities related to Former Monsanto’s chemical businesses. As the result of its reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, Solutia’s indemnification obligations relating to Former Monsanto’s chemical businesses are