post-closing compensation expense and recorded in
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs
(see
Note 3
).
The final allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was completed in 2023. In connection with this business combination, we recorded: (i) $
4.4
billion in
Identifiable intangible assets, net
, consisting of $
3.0
billion of IPR&D and $
1.4
billion of developed technology rights with a useful life of
six years
, (ii) $
1.1
billion of
Goodwill,
(iii) $
644
million of inventories to be sold over approximately
three years
, (iv) $
516
million of net deferred tax liabilities and (v) $
331
million of assumed long-term debt that was paid in full in the fourth quarter of 2022.
Biohaven––
On October 3, 2022, we acquired Biohaven, the maker of Nurtec ODT/Vydura (rimegepant), an innovative therapy approved for both acute treatment of migraine and prevention of episodic migraine in adults. The transaction included the acquisition of Biohaven’s CGRP programs, including rimegepant, zavegepant and a portfolio of five pre-clinical CGRP assets. Under the terms of the agreement, we acquired all outstanding common shares of Biohaven not already owned by us for $
148.50
per share, in cash, for payments of approximately $
11.5
billion, plus repayment of third-party debt of $
863
million and redemption of Biohaven’s redeemable preferred stock for $
495
million. Effective immediately prior to the closing of the acquisition, Biohaven completed the spin-off of Biohaven Ltd. (NYSE: BHVN), distributing Biohaven Ltd.’s shares to Biohaven shareholders. Biohaven Ltd. became a new publicly traded company that retained Biohaven’s non-CGRP development stage pipeline compounds. Pfizer, a Biohaven shareholder, received a pro rata portion of Biohaven Ltd.’s shares in the distribution.
The total fair value of the consideration transferred was $
11.8
billion, which includes the fair value of Pfizer’s previous investment in Biohaven on the acquisition date of approximately $
300
million. The final allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was completed in 2023. In connection with this business combination, we recorded: (i) $
12.1
billion in
Identifiable intangible assets
, consisting of $
11.6
billion of developed technology rights with a useful life of
11
years and $
450
million of IPR&D, (ii) $
823
million of
Goodwill
, (iii) $
813
million of inventories to be sold over approximately
two years
, (iv) $
398
million of trade accounts receivable, (v) $
1.4
billion of assumed long-term debt that was paid in full in the fourth quarter of 2022, (vi) $
544
million of net deferred tax liabilities and (vii) $
526
million of
Other current liabilities
.
Arena––
On March 11, 2022, we acquired Arena, a clinical stage company with development-stage therapeutic candidates in gastroenterology, dermatology and cardiology, for $
100
per share in cash. The total fair value