of the consideration transferred was $
6.6
billion ($
6.2
billion, net of cash acquired). In addition, $
138
million in payments to Arena employees for the fair value of previously unvested long-term incentive awards was recognized as post-closing compensation expense and recorded in
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs
(see
Note 3
).
The final allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was completed in 2023. In connection with this business combination, we recorded: (i) $
5.5
billion in
Identifiable intangible assets
, consisting of $
5.0
billion of IPR&D
and $
460
million of indefinite-lived licensing agreements and other, (ii) $
1.0
billion
of
Goodwill
and (iii) $
490
million of net deferred tax liabilities.
ReViral––
On June 9, 2022, we acquired ReViral, a privately held, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing novel antiviral therapeutics that target respiratory syncytial virus, for a total consideration of up to $
536
million, including upfront payments of $
436
million upon closing (including a base payment of $
425
million plus working capital adjustments) and an additional $
100
million contingent upon a future development milestone for a secondary pipeline asset. It was subsequently determined the applicable milestone was not achieved.
We accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition since the lead asset, sisunatovir, represented substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired. At the acquisition date, we recorded a $
426
million charge representing an acquired IPR&D asset with no alternative use in
Acquired in-process research and development expenses
, which is presented as a cash outflow from operating activities. Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed were not significant.
Pro forma information for the aforementioned acquisitions (except for Seagen) has not been presented because these acquisitions were not material to our consolidated financial statements.
B.
Divestitures
Divestiture of Early-Stage Rare Disease Gene Therapy Portfolio–
–On September 19, 2023, we completed an agreement with Alexion, under which Alexion purchased and licensed the assets of our early-stage rare disease gene therapy portfolio. Under the terms of the agreement, Alexion will pay us total consideration of up to $
1
billion, consisting of an upfront payment of $
300
million which was paid at closing and future contingent milestone payments, plus tiered royalties based on annual net sales of the assets. In connection with the closing of the transaction, Pfizer recognized a $
222
million pre-tax gain in
Other (income)/deductions––net
(see
Note 4
).
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies
Upjohn Separation and Combination with Mylan––
In connection with the 2020 spin-off and the combination of the Upjohn Business with Mylan to form Viatris, Pfizer and Viatris