below for information about our COVID-19 products. For information regarding the primary indications or class of certain products, see
Note 13C
.
Income from Continuing Operations Before Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income
––The decrease in
Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income
of $636 million, to $2.8 billion in the first quarter of 2025, from $3.4 billion in the first quarter of 2024, was primarily due to lower revenues and an increase in
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs,
partially offset by a decreases in
Cost of sales
and
Selling, informational and administrative expenses.
See
the
Analysis of the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
section within MD&A and
Note 4
. For information on our tax provision and effective tax rate, see the
Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income
section within MD&A and
Note 5
.
Our Operating Environment
––We, like other businesses in our industry, are subject to certain industry-specific challenges. These include, among others, the topics listed below. See also the
Item 1. Business––Government Regulation and Price Constraints
and
Item 1A. Risk Factors
sections,
and the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook
––
Our Operating Environment
section of the MD&A
of our 2024 Form 10-K.
Intellectual Property Rights and Collaboration/Licensing Rights
––The loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and judgments, and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. While additional patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries in 2025 and anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience these expirations. We continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access.
For additional information on patent rights we consider most significant to our business as a whole, see the
Item 1. Business––Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section of our 2024 Form 10-K. For a discussion of recent developments with respect to patent litigation involving certain of our products, see
Note 12A1
.
Regulatory Environment/Pricing and Access––Government and Other Payor Group Pressures
––Governments globally, as well as private third-party payors in the U.S., may use a variety of measures to