at this time. Study participants currently enrolled can continue on the study drug. Communication with the FDA is ongoing.
Pfizer modified the atirmociclib 2
nd
line HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer Phase 3 study to a Phase 2 non-registrational study. This has been removed from the table above.
Vepdegestrant + Ibrance for ER+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer has been removed from the table above.
42
For additional information about our R&D organization, see
Note 13
and the
Item 1. Business
—
Research and Development
section of our 2024 Form 10-K. For additional information regarding certain collaboration arrangements see the
Item 1. Business
—
Collaboration and Co-Promotion Agreements
section of our
2024 Form 10-K.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE: ADJUSTED INCOME
Adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance as a supplement to our GAAP Reported performance measures. As such, we believe that investors’ understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. We use Adjusted income, certain components of Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted EPS to present the results of our major operations––the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide––prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows:
(a)
Most directly comparable GAAP measure.
(b)
The short-term incentive plans for substantially all non-sales-force employees worldwide are funded from a pool based on our performance, measured in significant part versus three budgeted metrics, one of which, beginning with the 2025 performance year, is Adjusted income (as defined for annual incentive compensation purposes) and accounts for 40% of the bonus pool funding tied to financial performance. Additionally, beginning with the 2025 performance year, the payout for performance share awards is determined in part by Adjusted diluted EPS, which is derived from Adjusted income. Any expenses for acquired IPR&D are included in our non-GAAP Adjusted results but we exclude certain of these expenses for our financial results for annual incentive compensation purposes. The bonus pool funding is largely based on financial performance, as measured by three metrics, modified by performance against certain of our non-financial pipeline metrics, and may be further modified by our Compensation Committee’s assessment of other factors.
Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. Because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. A limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events