pursuant to this request.
B. Guarantees and Indemnifications
In the ordinary course of business and in connection with the sale of assets and businesses and other transactions, we often indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities that may arise in connection with the transaction or that are related to events and activities prior to or following a transaction. If the indemnified party were to make a successful claim pursuant to the terms of the indemnification, we may be required to reimburse the loss. These indemnifications are generally subject to various restrictions and limitations. Historically, we have not paid significant amounts under these provisions and, as of March 30, 2025, the estimated fair value of these indemnification obligations is not material to Pfizer.
In addition, in connection with our entry into certain agreements and other transactions, our counterparties may be obligated to indemnify us. For example, our global agreement with BioNTech to co-develop a mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine program aimed at preventing COVID-19 infection includes certain indemnity provisions pursuant to which each of BioNTech and Pfizer has agreed to indemnify the other for certain liabilities that may arise in connection with certain third-party claims relating to Comirnaty.
See
Note 7D
in our 2024 Form 10-K
for information on Pfizer Inc.’s guarantee of the debt issued by Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer) in May 2023. We have also guaranteed the long-term debt of certain subsidiaries of Pfizer and certain companies that we acquired and that now are subsidiaries of Pfizer.
C. Contingent Consideration for Acquisitions
We may be required to make payments to sellers for certain prior business combinations that are contingent upon future events or outcomes. See
Note 1D
in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Note 13.
Segment, Geographic and Other Revenue Information
A. Segment Information
We manage our commercial operations through
three
operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma, PC1 and Pfizer Ignite. Biopharma is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. PC1 is our contract development and manufacturing organization and a leading supplier of specialty active pharmaceutical ingredients. Pfizer Ignite is an offering that provides strategic guidance and end-to-end R&D services to select innovative biotech companies that align with Pfizer’s R&D focus areas. Biopharma is the only reportable segment. We regularly review our operating segments and the approach used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources.
Our commercial divisions market, sell and distribute our products, and global operating functions are responsible for the research, development, manufacturing and supply of our products. Each operating segment is supported by our global corporate enabling functions. At the beginning of 2025, we