including reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to non- GAAP Adjusted information, see the
Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income
section within MD&A.
Our Business and Strategy
––
Pfizer Inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. We apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. See the
Item 1. Business
––About Pfizer
section. As a science-driven global biopharmaceutical company, we remain focused on advancing our pipeline, supporting our marketed brands and deploying capital responsibly, with a focus on initiatives that can help contribute to our long-term revenue and future growth. Most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. We believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and patients, and we continuously evaluate how we can best collaborate with patients, physicians and payors to support and expand patient access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world. In addition, we continually seek to expand and broaden our product portfolio offerings through prioritized development of our pipeline and business development opportunities targeted at critical unmet patient needs. As a result, our commercial organizational structure and R&D operations are critical to the successful execution of our business strategy. Our ability to fulfill our purpose,
Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives
, remains a core focus and underscores our commitment to addressing the needs of society to help sustain long-term value creation for all stakeholders.
Our 2025 key priorities are:
1.
Improve R&D productivity with sharpened focus
2.
Expand margins and maximize operational efficiency
3.
Achieve commercial excellence in our key categories
4.
Optimize capital allocation.
One way we believe we will be more efficient, effective and able to execute on these strategic priorities is through technology, including AI.
In 2024, we managed our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of three operating segments: Biopharma, PC1 and Pfizer Ignite. Biopharma was the only reportable segment. See
Note 1
7
A
and the
Item 1. Business––Commercial Operations
section. At the beginning of 2025, we made the following changes within our Biopharma reportable segment that went into effect on January 1, 2025 to support our continued focus on commercial execution and to further strengthen Pfizer’s capabilities and leadership in discovering and developing breakthrough medicines and vaccines:
•
transitioned the Pfizer U.S. Oncology commercial organization and the global Oncology marketing organization, which were part of the former Pfizer Oncology Division, into the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division, which now focuses on the commercialization of Pfizer’s entire product portfolio in the U.S. and is led by the Chief U.S. Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President; and
•
combined our global