from acquired products and businesses, and may lead to impairment of acquired assets. We may fail to generate expected revenue growth for our existing products, product pipeline and contribution from these transactions or from acquired products or businesses or we may fail to achieve anticipated cost savings, within expected time frames or at all, which may impact our ability to meet our growth objectives.
In certain transactions, we may agree to provide certain transition services for an extended period of time, which may divert our focus and resources that would otherwise be invested into maintaining or growing our business.
Similarly, the accretive impact anticipated from certain transactions may not be realized or may be delayed. Integration of acquired products or businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. Further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities through, among other things, due diligence, we may be exposed to risks and liabilities as a result of business development transactions. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses or enter into strategic business relationships on favorable terms ahead of our competitors, or that such acquisitions or strategic business development relationships will be accretive to earnings or improve our competitive position.
Where we invest in or otherwise obtain debt or equity securities of third parties in connection with business development transactions, such as our ownership interest in Haleon, we may be unable to direct or influence the management, operational decisions and policies of such companies
and the value of the acquired securities will fluctuate and may lose value. Any future distribution or sale of such securities will be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors, including the size of our ownership stake, at the time of such distribution or sale and there is no assurance as to the price that such securities will ultimately be sold or that such securities will be sold at all.
PANDEMICS
Pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have impacted and may in the future impact our business, operations and financial condition and results. Related risks and challenges for our business include, among others: uncertainty regarding the severity and duration of a pandemic; impacts to business operations; decreased demand for certain of our products; increased costs of doing business; manufacturing disruptions and delays; supply chain disruptions and shortages, including challenges related to reliance on third-party suppliers resulting in reduced availability of materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution or administration of our products; evolving macroeconomic factors and conditions, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates and recessionary