branded products have and may continue to compete with our products.
Commercial and government payors typically encourage the use of generics as alternatives to brand-name drugs in their healthcare programs, including Medicaid in the U.S., and U.S. laws generally allow, and in some cases require, pharmacists to substitute generic drugs for brand-name drugs. In a small subset of states, prescribing physicians are able to expressly prevent such substitution. Similar rules also apply in several EU member states, where national authorities typically encourage and incentivize the use of generic products.
Biosimilars.
Certain of our biologic products, including Enbrel (we market Enbrel outside the U.S. and Canada), already face, or may face in the
future, competition from biosimilars (also referred to as follow-on biologics). Biosimilars are versions of biologic medicines that have been developed and proven to be highly similar to the original biologic in terms of safety and efficacy and that have no clinically meaningful differences in safety, purity or potency. Biosimilars have the potential to offer high-quality, lower-cost alternatives to innovative biologic medicines. In the U.S., biosimilars referencing innovative biologic products are approved by the FDA under the U.S. Public Health Service Act, whereas in the EU the EMA is responsible for evaluating the majority of applications for biosimilars through the centralized procedure.
PRICING PRESSURES AND MANAGED CARE ORGANIZATIONS
Commercial Pricing Pressures.
Pricing and access pressures in the commercial sector continue to be significant. Overall, there is increasing pressure on U.S. providers to deliver healthcare at a lower cost and to ensure that those expenditures deliver demonstrated value in terms of health outcomes. Many employers have adopted or make available high deductible health plans, which can increase out-of-pocket costs for
medicines, or are using utilization management tools or limiting access on formularies. This trend is likely to continue. Private third-party payors, such as health plans, increasingly challenge pharmaceutical product pricing, which could result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates for payors and a reduction in demand for our products, including denial of coverage of our products, if lower cost alternatives are available. Payors often require significant discounts, or rebates, from our prices in exchange for more favorable formulary placement. Pricing pressures also may occur as a result of highly competitive biopharmaceutical markets and increasing concentration of insurers and PBMs. Healthcare provider purchasers, directly or through group purchasing organizations, are seeking enhanced discounts or implementing more rigorous bidding or purchasing review processes.
We believe medicines and vaccines are the most efficient and effective use of healthcare dollars based on the value they deliver to the overall healthcare system. We work with law makers and