legislative issues in most other countries in which we operate. In certain markets, such as in EU member states, the U.K., Japan, China, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, governments have significant power as large single payors to regulate prices, access criteria, or impose other means of cost control, particularly as a result of recent global financing pressures. For example, the QCE and VBP tender process in China has resulted in significant price cuts for off-patent medicines. Additionally, in the EU, the EC proposed the largest reform of EU pharmaceutical legislation in 20 years. In April 2024, the European Parliament introduced amendments to the EC’s proposal. The EU legislative process remains ongoing, with several stages still required before the reform can receive final approval. This reform may alter
regulatory exclusivity periods for our products and may add burdensome obligations that impact access. In addition, with the European Regulation on Health Technology Assessment (EU HTA-R) taking effect in January 2025, we are engaging and monitoring application of the EU’s new clinical assessment program to new oncology products and certain biologic products submitted to the EMA. For additional information regarding these government initiatives, see the
Item 1. Business
—
Government Regulation and Price Constraints
section. We anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing and access pressures globally. In addition, in many countries, with respect to our vaccines, we participate in a tender process for selection in national immunization programs. Failure to win national immunization tenders or to obtain acceptable pricing, as well as recent entry of additional competitors, could adversely affect our business.
U.S. HEALTHCARE REGULATION
The U.S. healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. Any significant additional efforts at the U.S. federal or state levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded could have a material impact on us. For additional information on U.S. healthcare regulation, see the
Item 1. Business––Government Regulation and Price Constraints
section. Other U.S. federal or state legislative or regulatory action and/or policy efforts could adversely affect our business, including, among others, general budget control actions, changes in patent laws, the importation of prescription drugs to the U.S. at prices that are regulated by foreign governments, revisions to reimbursement of biopharmaceuticals under government programs that could reference international prices or require new discounts, limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders, restrictions on pharmaceutical advertising, or the use of comparative effectiveness methodologies that could be implemented in a manner that focuses primarily on cost differences and minimizes the therapeutic differences among