Care category increased 0.2 points.
The Procter & Gamble Company        23
Net earnings increased 7% to $2.1 billion due to net sales growth and a 110 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin and a decrease in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin increase was driven by productivity savings, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix. SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to decreased marketing spending.
Fabric & Home Care
Three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with three months ended March 31, 2024
Fabric & Home Care net sales decreased 3% to $6.9 billion driven by unfavorable foreign exchange of 2% and a unit volume decrease of 1%. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales and organic volume were unchanged. Global market share of the Fabric & Home Care segment increased 0.1 points.
•
Fabric Care net sales decreased low single digits driven by unfavorable foreign exchange. Unit volume was unchanged as growth in Latin America (due to market growth) and IMEA (due to market growth) was offset by a decline in North America (due to retail inventory reduction). Organic sales were unchanged as the impact of a mid-single-digit growth in Latin America and a low single-digit growth in Europe was offset by the impact of a high single-digit decline in IMEA and a low single-digit decline in North America. Global market share of the Fabric Care category decreased 0.4 points.
•
Home Care net sales decreased low single digits driven by a unit volume decrease and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by favorable premium product mix. The decrease in volume was due primarily to a decline in Europe (due to increased competitive activity). Organic sales decreased low single digits driven by a low single-digit decline in Europe, partially offset by a low single-digit growth in North America. Global market share of the Home Care category increased 0.7 points.
Net earnings decreased 1% to $1.3 billion as the decrease in net sales was partially offset by a 40 basis-point increase in net
earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to a decrease in SG&A as a percentage of net sales and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by a decrease in gross margin. The gross margin decrease was driven by unfavorable geographic and product mix, partially offset by productivity savings. SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to a decrease in marketing spending. The lower effective tax rate was driven by favorable geographic mix.
Nine months ended March 31, 2025, compared with nine months ended March 31, 2024
Fabric & Home Care net sales were unchanged at $22.2 billion as favorable product mix of 1% was offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 1%. Unit volume was unchanged. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased 2% and organic volume increased