decreased 0.8 points.
•
Personal Care net sales increased high single digits. Positive impacts of an increase in unit volume and higher pricing (primarily in North America) were partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix and unfavorable foreign exchange. The volume increase was driven by growth in North America (due to innovation), Europe (due to distribution expansion and innovation) and Latin America (due to market growth). Organic sales increased double digits due to a more than 20% growth in Europe, a 20% growth in Latin America and a double-digit growth in North America, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the Personal Care category increased 0.6 points.
•
Skin Care net sales decreased double digits. Negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume and unfavorable product mix (due primarily to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand, which has higher than category-average selling prices), were partially offset by higher pricing (primarily in Greater China). The volume decrease was driven by declines in all regions, led by North America (due to distribution losses) and Greater China (due to market contraction). Organic sales decreased double digits due to a high-teens decline in North America, a mid-teens decline in Asia Pacific and a mid-single-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the Skin Care category decreased 0.6 points
Net earnings decreased 11% to $2.2 billion due to a decrease in net sales and a 190 basis-point decline in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin decreased due to a decrease in gross margin and an increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin decline was driven by unfavorable product mix (due to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand) and higher commodities, partially offset by increased productivity savings. SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased due primarily to an increase in marketing and overhead spending.
Grooming
Three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with three
months ended March 31, 2024
Grooming net sales decreased 2% to $1.5 billion as the negative impacts from unfavorable foreign exchange of 4% and divestitures of 1% were partially offset by the positive impacts from higher pricing of 2% (driven primarily by Latin America, Europe and North America) and a unit volume increase of 1%. The volume increase was driven by growth in IMEA (due to increased distribution) and Europe (due to market growth), partially offset by volume decline in Latin America (due to competitive activity). Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 3% driven by high single-digit growth in IMEA and low single-digit growth in North America and Europe. Global market share of the Grooming segment decreased 0.5 points.
Net earnings increased 6% to $321 million due to 160 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin