company-level strategy and portfolio analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, external relations, governance, human resources, information technology and legal services.
Global Business Services
Global Business Services provides scaled services in technology, process and data tools to enable the SBUs, the EMs and CF to better serve consumers and customers. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class services and solutions that drive value for P&G.
Strategic Focus
Procter & Gamble aspires to serve the world’s consumers better than our best competitors in every category and in every country in which we compete and, as a result, deliver total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. Delivering and sustaining leadership levels of shareholder value creation requires balanced top- and bottom-line growth and strong cash generation.
Our strategy is to deliver and sustain value creation through five integrated choices: a portfolio of daily-use products where performance drives brand choice; superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value; productivity; constructive disruption of the entire value chain; and a highly efficient and effective organization structure.
The Company competes in daily-use product categories where performance plays a significant role in the consumer's choice of brands, and therefore, plays to P&G's strengths. Our focused portfolio of businesses consists of product categories where P&G has strong brands and consumer-meaningful product technologies with typically leadership market positions.
Within these categories, our strategic choices are focused on delighting and winning with consumers. Our consumers are at the center of everything we do. We win with consumers by delivering irresistible superiority across five key vectors - product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value. Winning with consumers around the world and against our best competitors requires superior innovation. Innovation has always been, and continues to be, P&G’s lifeblood. Superior products delivered with superior execution drive market growth, value creation for retailers and build share growth for P&G.
Ongoing productivity improvement is strategic and crucial to delivering our balanced top- and bottom-line growth, cash generation and value creation objectives. Productivity improvement enables investments to strengthen the superiority of our brands via product and packaging innovation, more efficient and effective supply chains, equity and awareness-building brand advertising and other programs and expansion of sales coverage and R&D programs. Productivity improvements also enable us to mitigate and manage through periods of challenging cost environments (including periods of increasing commodity, inflation and negative foreign exchange impacts). Our objective is to drive productivity improvements across all elements of the statement of earnings and