improvements, it may negatively impact our net sales, net earnings and cash flows.
Government Policies.
We are exposed to changes in U.S. and foreign government legislative, regulatory or enforcement policies that can have a negative impact on net sales, net earnings and cash flows. These include tax policy changes (both U.S. and foreign), including those resulting from the current work being led by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework focused on
The Procter & Gamble Company        17
"Addressing the Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy”. Government controls such as currency exchanges, pricing and import authorizations as well as government policies related to environmental and climate change matters and changes to international trade agreements, including tariffs, can also impact our financial performance.
For additional information on risk factors that could impact our business results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – Three Months Ended March 31, 2025
The following discussion provides a review of results for the three months ended March 31, 2025, versus the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Net Sales
Net sales for the quarter decreased 2% to $19.8 billion. The decrease in net sales was due to unfavorable foreign exchange of 2% and unit volume decline of 1%, partially offset by higher pricing of 1%. Mix had a neutral impact on net sales. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 1% and organic volume was unchanged.
The following table summarizes key drivers of the change in net sales by reportable segment:
(1)
Net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently applied.
(2)
Other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales.
Operating Costs
Gross margin decreased 20 basis points to 51.0% of net sales for the quarter. The decrease in gross margin was due to:
•
120 basis points of decline from unfavorable product mix,
•
40 basis points of product and packaging investments,
18        The Procter & Gamble Company
•
30 basis points of higher commodity costs and
•
20 basis points of unfavorable foreign exchange impacts.
These impacts were partially offset by:
•
160 basis points of manufacturing productivity savings and
•
30 basis points of increase due to higher pricing.
Total SG&A spending decreased 6% to $5.5 billion versus the prior year period due to decreased marketing spending and overhead costs. SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased 120 basis points to 27.9% due to decreases in marketing spending and overhead costs as a percentage of net sales. Marketing spending as a percentage of net sales decreased 30 basis points due to productivity savings. Overhead costs as a percentage of net sales decreased 70 basis points as wage inflation and