currency translation losses previously included in Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). The total incremental restructuring charges incurred under the program beginning in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, through the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, were approximately $1.2 billion after tax.
Consistent with our historical policies for ongoing restructuring-type activities, resulting charges were funded by and included
16        The Procter & Gamble Company
within Corporate for segment reporting. Restructuring charges above the normal ongoing level of restructuring costs are reported as non-core charges. For more details on the restructuring program, refer to Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
SUMMARY OF RESULTS – Nine Months Ended March 31, 2025
The following are highlights of results for the nine months ended March 31, 2025, versus the nine months ended March 31, 2024:
•
Net sales were $63.4 billion, a decrease of $112 million versus the prior year period. Net sales increased low single digits in Health Care, and decreased low single digits in Baby, Feminine & Family Care and Beauty. Net sales in Grooming and Fabric & Home Care were unchanged. Organic sales, which exclude the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, increased 2%. Organic sales increased low single digits in Health Care, Grooming, Fabric & Home Care, Beauty and Baby, Feminine & Family Care.
•
Net earnings were $12.4 billion, an increase of $609 million, or 5%, versus the prior year period due to the non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette intangible asset in the prior year, partially offset by higher restructuring charges in the current year of $0.8 billion after tax related to the substantial liquidation of operations in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina.
•
Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble were $12.4 billion, an increase of $617 million, or 5%, versus the prior year period.
•
Diluted EPS increased 6% to $5.03 due to the increase in net earnings. Core EPS, which excludes incremental restructuring charges and the prior year Gillette intangible asset impairment charge, increased 3% to $5.35.
•
Operating cash flow was $12.8 billion. Adjusted free cash flow, which is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the U.S. Tax Act, was $10.6 billion. Adjusted free cash flow productivity, which is defined as adjusted free cash flow as a percentage of net earnings excluding a non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina, was 80%.
ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND UNCERTAINTI
ES
Global Economic Conditions.
Our products are sold in numerous countries worldwide, with more than half our sales generated outside the United States. Our largest international markets are Greater China, the United Kingdom,