vendors and suppliers. Additionally, these and other economic conditions may cause our suppliers, distributors, contractors or other third-party partners to suffer financial or operational difficulties that they cannot overcome, resulting in their inability to provide us with the materials and services we need, in which case our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Customers may also suffer financial hardships due to economic conditions such that their accounts become uncollectible or are subject to longer collection cycles. In addition, if we are unable to generate sufficient sales, income and cash flow, it could affect the Company’s ability to achieve expected share repurchase and dividend payments.
Changing political and geopolitical conditions could adversely impact our business and financial results.
Changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, as well as changing geopolitical conditions, may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results. Results of elections, referendums, sanctions or other political processes and pressures in certain markets in which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed could create uncertainty regarding how existing governmental policies, laws and regulations may change, including with respect to sanctions, taxes, tariffs, import and export controls and the general movement of goods, materials, services, capital, data and people between countries. The potential implications of such uncertainty, which include, among others, exchange rate fluctuations, new or increased tariffs, trade barriers and market contraction, could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and cash flows.
The Company operates a global business with sales, manufacturing, distribution and research and development organizations globally that contribute to our overall growth. If geopolitical tensions and trade controls were to increase or disrupt our business in markets where we have significant sales or operations, including disruptions due to governmental responses to such conflicts (such as the imposition of sanctions, export controls, retaliatory tariffs, increased business licensing requirements or limitations on profits), such disruptions could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Our business, operations or employees have been and could continue to be adversely affected (including by the need to de-consolidate or even exit certain businesses in particular countries) by geopolitical conflicts, political volatility, trade controls, labor market disruptions or other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions. This could include political instability, upheaval or acts of war and the related responses of governments or other entities (including, but not limited to, boycotts in certain regions), broad economic instability or sovereign