primarily by Europe, Latin America and IMEA) and favorable mix (due to a higher proportion of premium products) were partially offset by a decrease in unit volume and unfavorable foreign exchange. The volume decrease was driven primarily by declines in
24        The Procter & Gamble Company
Europe (due to increased pricing), Latin America (due to increased competitive activity) and IMEA (due to increased pricing), partially offset by growth in North America (due to increased marketing support and distribution gains). Organic sales increased mid-single digits driven by mid-single-digit increases in Europe and IMEA and a low single-digit increase in North America. Market share of the feminine care category increased 0.2 points.
•
Net sales in Family Care, which is predominantly a North American business, increased low single digits driven by a unit volume increase (due to market growth and increased marketing support) and higher pricing, partially offset by unfavorable product mix (due to growth of larger pack sizes with lower than category-average selling prices). Organic sales also increased low single digits. North America's share of the family care category decreased 0.4 points.
Net earnings increased 13% to $4.0 billion due to a 230 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased primarily due to an increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. Gross margin increased primarily due to lower commodity costs, productivity savings and increased pricing, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased due to an increase in marketing and overhead spending.
CORPORATE
Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities not allocated to specific business segments. These include but are not limited to incidental businesses managed at the corporate level, gains and losses related to certain divested brands or businesses, impacts from various financing and investing activities, impacts related to employee benefits, asset impairments and restructuring activities including manufacturing and workforce optimization. Corporate also includes reconciling items to adjust the accounting policies used within the reportable segments to U.S. GAAP. The most notable ongoing reconciling item is income taxes, which adjusts the blended statutory rates that are reflected in the reportable segments to the overall Company effective tax rate.
Corporate net sales decreased $164 million to $601 million due to a decrease in net sales of incidental businesses managed at the corporate level. Corporate net earnings decreased $1.0 billion due to a loss of $1.4 billion due primarily to the impairment charge of the Gillette intangible asset and incremental restructuring charges.
Restructuring Program to Deliver Productivity and Cost Savings
The Company has historically had an ongoing restructuring program with annual spending in the range of $250 to