the year then ended is presented below:
The following table provides additional information on stock options:
At June 30, 2024, $
171
of compensation cost had not yet been recognized related to stock option grants. That cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of
1.6
years.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        53
A summary of non-vested RSUs and PSUs outstanding under the plans as of June 30, 2024, and activity during the year then ended is presented below:
At June 30, 2024, $
243
of compensation cost had not yet been recognized related to RSUs and PSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of
1.6
years. The total grant date fair value of shares vested was $
256
, $
220
and $
248
in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The Company settles equity issuances with treasury shares. We have no specific policy to repurchase common shares to mitigate the dilutive impact of options, RSUs and PSUs. However, we have historically made adequate discretionary purchases, based on cash availability, market trends and other factors, to offset the impacts of such activity.
NOTE 8
POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS AND EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN
We offer various postretirement benefits to our employees.
Defined Contribution Retirement Plans
We have defined contribution plans, which cover the majority of our U.S. employees, as well as employees in certain other countries. These plans are fully funded. We generally make contributions to participants' accounts based on individual base salaries and years of service. Total global defined contribution expense was $
425
, $
392
and $
366
in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The primary U.S. defined contribution plan (the U.S. DC plan) comprises the majority of the expense for the Company's defined contribution plans. For the U.S. DC plan, the contribution rate is set annually. Total contributions for this plan approximated
13
% of total participants' annual wages and salaries in 2024 and 2023 and
14
% in 2022.
We maintain The Procter & Gamble Profit Sharing Trust (Trust) and Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) to provide a portion of the funding for the U.S. DC plan and other retiree benefits (described below). Operating details of the ESOP are provided at the end of this Note. The fair value of the ESOP Series A shares allocated to participants reduces our cash contribution required to fund the U.S. DC plan.
Defined Benefit Retirement Plans and Other Retiree Benefits
We offer defined benefit retirement pension plans to certain employees. These benefits relate primarily to plans outside the U.S. and, to a lesser extent, plans assumed in previous acquisitions covering U.S. employees.
We also provide certain other retiree benefits, primarily health care benefits for the majority of our U.S. employees who become eligible for these benefits when they meet minimum age and