the overall impact of potential changes as developments occur, consistent with our practice to monitor all changes in tax laws. As the Pillar Two global minimum tax and other tax laws and related regulations are revised,
The Procter & Gamble Company        9
enacted and implemented, a material impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or effective tax rate may occur.
Furthermore, we are subject to regular review and audit by both foreign and domestic tax authorities. While we believe our tax positions will be sustained, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, including maintaining our intended tax treatment of divestiture transactions such as the fiscal 2017 Beauty Brands transaction with Coty, may differ materially from the tax amounts recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C.
Cybersecurity.
Risk Management and Strategy
The Company employs multiple tools and processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. A multi-functional enterprise security team reviews and assesses top cybersecurity risks. This assessment is shared with members of senior management, including the Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), and helps guide the Company's cybersecurity operational priorities and strategy. In addition, cybersecurity risks are integrated into the Company’s broader Enterprise Risk Management program and, when identified, are reported to relevant business and governance leaders within the Company for appropriate action.
To support the ongoing identification and management of cybersecurity issues, the Company provides information security employee training, conducts global and targeted phishing simulation campaigns and conducts tabletop exercises. The Company also deploys a large library of security tools and experts to help prevent, detect, contain, eradicate and recover from potential cybersecurity issues and cyber-attacks. Further, the Company engages third-party consultants and services for cyber intelligence, insights and assessments of its cybersecurity risk posture and governance.
Cybersecurity reviews are embedded into the Company’s Third-Party Risk Management program. Generally under this program, third parties that process personal data or high-risk business data on behalf of the Company complete privacy and cybersecurity assessments on a risk basis, which may require such third parties to sign data processing agreements, comply with particular security controls or complete an additional security and privacy assessment.
As a global company, we manage a variety of cybersecurity threats and cannot wholly eliminate the risk of adverse impacts from such incidents.  However, as of the date of this Form 10-K, we have not identified any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are