risk related to a default by or deterioration in the creditworthiness of local governments, particularly in emerging markets.
For example, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted, and the situation it generates may continue to negatively impact, our operations. Beginning in March 2022, the Company reduced its product portfolio, discontinued new capital investments and suspended media, advertising and promotional activity in Russia. Future impacts to the Company are difficult to predict due to the high level of uncertainty as to how the overall situation will evolve. We may reduce further or discontinue our operations in Russia due to sanctions and export controls and counter-sanctions, monetary, currency or payment controls, restrictions on access to financial institutions, supply and transportation challenges or other circumstances and considerations. Ultimately, these could result in loss of assets or impairments of our manufacturing plants and fixed assets or write-downs of other operating assets and working capital.
More broadly, there could be additional negative impacts to our net sales, earnings and cash flows should the situation worsen, including, among other potential impacts, economic recessions in certain neighboring countries or globally due to inflationary pressures, energy and supply chain cost increases or the geographic proximity of the war relative to the rest of Europe.
Changes in geopolitical conditions could also amplify or affect the other risk factors set forth in this Part I, Item 1A, including, but not limited to, foreign exchange volatility, disruptions to the financial and credit markets, energy supply and supply chain disruptions, increased risks of an information security or operational technology incident, cost fluctuations and commodity cost increases and increased costs to ensure compliance with global and local laws and regulations.
Disruptions in credit markets or to our banking partners or changes to our credit ratings may reduce our access to credit or overall liquidity.
A disruption in the credit markets or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital. In addition, we rely on top-tier banking partners in key markets around the world, who themselves face economic, societal, political and other risks, for access to credit and to facilitate collection, payment and supply chain finance programs. A disruption to one or more of these top-tier partners could impact our ability to draw on existing credit facilities or otherwise adversely affect our cash flows or the cash flows of our customers and vendors.
BUSINESS OPERATIONS RISKS
Our business results depend on our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain.
Our ability to meet our