impact of this guidance on our disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures: Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses”. This guidance requires disclosures about significant expense categories, including but not limited to, inventory purchases, employee compensation, depreciation, amortization and selling expenses. This amendment is effective for our fiscal year ending June 30, 2028 and our interim periods within the fiscal year ending June 30, 2029. We are currently assessing the impact of this guidance on our disclosures.
No other new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year had, or is expected to have, a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
3.
Segment Information
Under U.S. GAAP, our operating segments are aggregated into
five
reportable segments: 1) Beauty, 2) Grooming, 3) Health Care, 4) Fabric & Home Care and 5) Baby, Feminine & Family Care. Our
five
reportable segments are comprised of:
•
Beauty
: Hair Care (Conditioners, Shampoos, Styling Aids, Treatments); Personal Care (Antiperspirants and Deodorants, Personal Cleansing); Skin Care (Facial Moisturizers, Cleaners and Treatments);
•
Grooming
: Grooming (Appliances, Female Blades & Razors, Male Blades & Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Products, Other Grooming);
•
Health Care
: Oral Care (Toothbrushes, Toothpastes, Other Oral Care); Personal Health Care (Gastrointestinal, Pain Relief, Rapid Diagnostics, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal Health Care);
•
Fabric & Home Care
: Fabric Care (Fabric Enhancers, Laundry Additives, Laundry Detergents); Home Care (Air Care, Dish Care, P&G Professional, Surface Care); and
•
Baby, Feminine & Family Care
: Baby Care (Baby Wipes, Taped Diapers and Pants); Feminine Care (Adult Incontinence, Menstrual Care); Family Care (Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper).
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        7
Operating segments as a percentage of consolidated net sales are as follows:
(1)
% of Net sales by operating segment excludes sales recorded in Corporate.
(2)
Effective July 1, 2024, the Beauty reportable business segment separated Skin and Personal Care into individual operating segments, Skin Care and Personal Care. This transition included separation of the management team, strategic decision-making, innovation plans, financial targets, budgets and management reporting.
The following is a summary of reportable segment results:
4.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill is allocated by reportable segment as follows:
Goodwill increased from June 30, 2024, primarily due to currency translation.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
8        The Procter & Gamble Company
Identifiable intangible assets at March 31, 2025, were comprised of:
Intangible assets with