1%. Global market share of the Fabric & Home Care segment increased 0.1 points.
•
Fabric Care net sales decreased low single digits driven by an unfavorable foreign exchange impact, partially offset by the positive impact of favorable premium product mix. Unit volume was unchanged as growth in Europe (due to innovation) and North America (due to market growth) was offset by declines in Latin America and Asia Pacific (both due to share losses). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by a mid-single-digit increase in Europe and a low single-digit increase in North America, partially offset by a double-digit decrease in IMEA. Global market share of the Fabric Care category decreased 0.1 points.
•
Home Care net sales increased low single digits driven by a unit volume increase and favorable premium product mix, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange. The increase in volume was driven by growth in North America (due to innovation). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by mid-single-digit growth in North America and low single-digit growth in Europe. Global market share of the Home Care category increased 0.4 points.
Net earnings increased 1% to $4.5 billion due to a 10 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by an increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin increase was driven by increased productivity savings, partially offset by unfavorable geographic and product mix. SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased due to an increase in marketing and overhead spending, partially offset by higher foreign exchange transactional charges in the prior year period. The lower effective tax rate was driven by favorable geographic mix.
Baby, Feminine & Family Care
Three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with three
months ended March 31, 2024
Baby, Feminine & Family Care net sales decreased 4% to $4.8 billion driven by a 2% decrease in unit volume and a 2% decline from unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by favorable geographic and product mix of 1%. Excluding the impacts of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales decreased 1%. Global market share of the Baby, Feminine & Family Care segment decreased 0.3 points.
•
Baby Care net sales decreased mid-single digits. Negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume, unfavorable foreign exchange and divestitures were partially offset by positive impacts of favorable geographic and product mix (due to a higher proportion of premium diapers, which have higher than category-average selling prices). The unit volume decline was driven by IMEA (due to competitive activity), North America (due to distribution loss and competitive activity) and
24        The Procter & Gamble Company
Latin America (due to the impact of divestitures and pricing). Organic sales decreased low single digits driven by a low-teens