foreign exchange headwinds were more than offset by productivity savings, which includes adjustments to expected variable compensation payouts. Other operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 20 basis points due to favorable foreign exchange impacts. Productivity-driven cost savings delivered 120 basis points of benefit to SG&A as a percentage of net sales.
Operating income increased $98 million, or 2%, to $4.6 billion and operating margin increased 90 basis points to 23.0% versus the prior year period primarily due to decreased marketing spending and overhead costs, partially offset by the decrease in gross margin, the components of which are described above.
Non-Operating Expenses and Income
Interest expense was $217 million for the quarter, a decrease of $16 million versus the prior year period. Interest income was $111 million for the quarter, an increase of $7 million versus the prior year period. Other non-operating income/(expense) was $210 million, which is a decrease of $50 million versus the prior year period due to gains from the sale of minor brands in the prior year.
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025, was 18.6%, compared to 17.7% for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by lower excess tax benefits of share-based compensation.
Net Earnings
Net earnings were unchanged at $3.8 billion versus the prior year period due primarily to the increase in operating income, partially offset by the decrease in other non-operating income and the increase in the effective tax rate. Foreign exchange had a negative impact of approximately $75 million on net earnings for the quarter, including both transactional and translational impacts from converting earnings from foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars. Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble were unchanged at $3.8 billion for the quarter. Diluted EPS increased 1% to $1.54 versus the prior year period.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – Nine Months Ended March 31, 2025
The following discussion provides a review of results for the nine months ended March 31, 2025, versus the nine months ended March 31, 2024.
The Procter & Gamble Company        19
Net Sales
Net sales for the period were $63.4 billion, a $112 million decline versus the prior year period as a 1% decline from unfavorable foreign exchange was partially offset by a 1% increase from higher pricing. Volume and mix were unchanged. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 2% and organic volume increased 1%.
The following table summarizes key drivers of the change in net sales by reportable segment:
(1)
Net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently applied.
(2)
Other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales.
Operating Costs