internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
36        The Procter & Gamble Company
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
(1)
Basic net earnings per common share and Diluted net earnings per common share are calculated on Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Procter & Gamble Company        37
Consolidated Balance Sheets
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
38        The Procter & Gamble Company
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Procter & Gamble Company        39
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
40        The Procter & Gamble Company
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE 1
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Nature of Operations
The Procter & Gamble Company's (the "Company," "Procter & Gamble," "we" or "us") business is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value. Our products are sold in about
180
countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to consumers. We have on-the-ground operations in about
70