by negative impacts from geographic mix and unfavorable foreign
The Procter & Gamble Company        21
exchange. The volume increase was driven by growth in Europe (due to distribution expansion and innovation), North America (due to innovation), and Latin America (due to market growth). Organic sales increased high single digits due to a more than 20% growth in Europe, a mid-teens growth in Latin America and a high single-digit growth in North America. Global market share of the Personal Care category increased 0.6 points.
•
Skin Care net sales decreased mid-single digits. Negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume, unfavorable foreign exchange and unfavorable geographic mix were partially offset by positive impacts from higher pricing (primarily in Greater China). The volume decrease was driven by North America and Europe (both due to distribution losses). Organic sales decreased low single digits due to a low teens decline in North America and a high single-digit decline in Asia Pacific, partially offset by a high single-digit growth in Greater China. Global market share of the Skin Care category decreased 0.8 points.
Net earnings decreased 8% to $539 million due to a decrease in net sales and a 110 basis-point decline in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin decreased due to a decrease in gross margin and an increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin decline was driven by unfavorable category and geographic mix, partially offset by increased productivity savings. SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased due to increases in marketing, overhead spending and higher foreign exchange transactional charges.
Nine months ended March 31, 2025, compared with nine months ended March 31, 2024
Beauty net sales decreased 2% to $11.2 billion, driven by unfavorable mix of 2% (due primarily to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand, which has higher than segment-average selling prices), unfavorable foreign exchange of 1% and a unit volume decrease of 1%, partially offset by the positive impacts of higher pricing of 2%. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic volume and organic sales increased 1%. Global market share of the Beauty segment decreased 0.2 points.
•
Hair Care net sales decreased mid-single digits. Negative impacts of divestitures, declining unit volume and unfavorable foreign exchange were partially offset by positive impacts of favorable product mix and higher pricing (primarily in Latin America and Europe). The decline in unit volume was driven by a decline in Greater China (due to market contraction and the impact of divestitures), partially offset by growth in North America and Latin America (both due to market growth). Organic sales increased low single digits due to a high single-digit growth in Latin America and a mid-single-digit growth in North America, partially offset by a double-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the Hair Care category