($216) due to the substantial liquidation of operations in certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria.
Core EPS.
Core EPS is a measure of the Company's diluted EPS excluding items that are not judged by management to be part of the Company's sustainable results or trends. Management views this non-GAAP measure as a useful supplemental measure of Company performance over time. This measure is also used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. The Core earnings measures included in the following reconciliation tables refer to the equivalent GAAP measures adjusted as applicable for the following items:
•
Incremental restructuring:
The Company has historically had an ongoing level of restructuring activities of approximately $250 - $500 million before tax. On December 5, 2023, the Company announced a limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria. The adjustment to Core earnings includes the restructuring charges that exceed the normal, recurring level of restructuring charges.
The Procter & Gamble Company        31
•
Intangible asset impairment:
As discussed in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recognized a non-cash, after-tax impairment charge of $1.0 billion ($1.3 billion before tax) to adjust the carrying value of the Gillette intangible asset acquired as part of the Company's 2005 acquisition of The Gillette Company.
We do not view the above items to be part of our sustainable results, and their exclusion from core earnings measures provides
a more comparable measure of year-on-year results. These items are also excluded when evaluating senior management in
determining their at-risk compensation.
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Other Information in the MD&A and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
32        The Procter & Gamble Company
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of The Procter & Gamble Company (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
Strong internal controls is an objective that is reinforced through our
Worldwide Business Conduct Manual
, which sets forth our commitment to conduct business with integrity, and within both the letter and the spirit of the law. Our people are deeply