Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) as a current period expense when incurred.
Earnings before income taxes consisted of the following:
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        49
Income taxes consisted of the following:
A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to our actual effective income tax rate is provided below:
Country mix impacts of foreign operations includes the effects of foreign subsidiaries' earnings taxed at rates other than the U.S. statutory rate, the U.S. tax impacts of non-U.S. earnings repatriation and any net impacts of intercompany transactions. Excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options reflect the excess of actual tax benefits received on employee exercises of stock options and other share-based payments (which generally equals the income taxable to the employee) over the amount of tax benefits that were calculated and recognized based on the grant date fair values of such instruments. Changes in uncertain tax positions represent changes in our net liability related to prior year tax positions.
Prior to the passage of the U.S. Tax Act, the Company asserted that substantially all of the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries were considered indefinitely invested and, accordingly, no deferred taxes were provided. Pursuant to the provisions of the U.S. Tax Act, these earnings were subjected to a one-time transition tax. This charge included taxes for all U.S. income taxes and for the related foreign withholding taxes for the portion of those earnings which are no longer considered indefinitely invested. We have not provided deferred taxes on approximately $
22
billion of earnings that are considered indefinitely invested.
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending liability for uncertain tax positions is as follows:
Included in the total liability for uncertain tax positions at June 30, 2024, is $
488
that, depending on the ultimate resolution, could impact the effective tax rate in future periods.
The Company is present in about
70
countries and over
150
taxable jurisdictions and, at any point in time, has
30
-
40
jurisdictional audits underway at various stages of completion. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities for
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
50        The Procter & Gamble Company
uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by local authorities and may not be fully sustained, despite our belief that the underlying tax positions are fully supportable. Uncertain tax positions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, including progress of tax audits, developments in case law and the closing of statutes of limitation. Such adjustments are reflected in the tax provision as appropriate. We have tax years open ranging from
2010
and forward. We are generally not able to