INFORMATION
The Company is subject, from time to time, to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, which cover a wide range of matters, including antitrust and trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental issues, patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters and tax. In addition, SEC regulations require that we disclose certain environmental proceedings arising under Federal, State or local law when a governmental authority is a party and such proceeding involves potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed a certain threshold ($1 million or more).
There were no material changes during the quarter ended March 31, 2025, to our disclosure in Part I, Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. There were no relevant matters to disclose under this Item for this period.
For information on risk factors, please refer to "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024.
The Procter & Gamble Company        29
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
(1)
All transactions are reported on a trade date basis and were made in the open market with large financial institutions. This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy tax withholding requirements on option exercises and other equity-based transactions. The Company administers cashless exercises through an independent third party and does not repurchase stock in connection with cashless exercises.
(2)
Average price paid per share for open market transactions excludes commission.
(3)
In accordance with the repurchase program announced on July 30, 2024, the Company reaffirmed in its earnings release on April 24, 2025, that it expects to reduce outstanding shares through direct share repurchases at a value of $6 to $7 billion in fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding any purchases under the Company's compensation and benefit plans. Purchases may be made in the open market and/or private transactions and purchases may be increased, decreased or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The share repurchases are authorized pursuant to a resolution issued by the Company's Board of Directors and are expected to be financed by a combination of operating cash flows and issuance of debt.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers
adopted
or
terminated
a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Amounts in millions of dollars unless otherwise specified.
30        The Procter & Gamble Company
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.