inherent in the valuations reflect a consideration of other marketplace participants and include the amount and timing of future cash flows (including expected growth rates and profitability). Significant judgment by management is required to estimate the impact of macroeconomic and other factors on future cash flows. Estimates utilized in the projected cash flows include consideration of macroeconomic conditions, overall category growth rates, competitive activities, cost containment and margin expansion, Company business plans, the underlying product or technology life cycles, economic barriers to entry, a brand's relative market position and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
We believe the estimates and assumptions utilized in our impairment testing are reasonable and are comparable to those that would be used by other marketplace participants. However, actual events and results could differ substantially from those used in our valuations. To the extent such factors result in a failure to achieve the level of projected cash flows initially used to estimate fair value for purposes of establishing or subsequently impairing the carrying amount of goodwill and related intangible assets, we may need to record additional non-cash impairment charges in the future.
During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, we determined that the fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was less than its carrying amount. As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $
1.3
billion ($
1.0
billion after tax) to reduce the carrying amount to be equivalent to the estimated fair value as of December 31, 2023. Following the impairment charge, the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset is $
12.8
billion. The impairment charge arose due to a higher discount rate, weakening of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the impact of a new restructuring program focused primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
48        The Procter & Gamble Company
Identifiable intangible assets were comprised of:
Amortization expense of intangible assets was as follows:
Estimated amortization expense over the next five fiscal years is as follows:
NOTE 5
INCOME TAXES
Income taxes are recognized for the amount of taxes payable for the current year and for the impact of deferred tax assets and liabilities, which represent future tax consequences of events that have been recognized differently in the financial statements than for tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are established using the enacted statutory tax rates and are adjusted for any changes in such rates in the period of change.
We have elected to account for the tax effects of Global