outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future.
We utilize short- and long-term debt to fund discretionary items, such as acquisitions and share repurchases. We have strong short- and long-term debt ratings, which have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due in commercial paper and bond markets. In addition, we have agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions that, if needed, should provide sufficient funding to meet short-term financing requirements.
On June 30, 2024, our short-term credit ratings were P-1 (Moody's) and A-1+ (Standard & Poor's), while our long-term credit ratings were Aa3 (Moody's) and AA- (Standard & Poor's), all with a stable outlook.
We maintain bank credit facilities to support our ongoing commercial paper program. The current facility is an $8.0 billion facility split between a $3.2 billion five-year facility and a $4.8 billion 364-day facility, which expire in November 2028 and October 2024, respectively. Both facilities can be extended for certain periods of time as specified in the terms of the credit agreement. These facilities are currently undrawn and we anticipate that they will remain undrawn. These credit facilities do not
26        The Procter & Gamble Company
have cross-default or ratings triggers, nor do they have material adverse events clauses, except at the time of signing. In addition to these credit facilities, we have an automatically effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC that is available for registered offerings of short- or long-term debt securities. For additional details on debt, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Guarantees and Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
Contractual Commitments
The following table provides information on the amount and payable date of our contractual commitments as of June 30, 2024.
(1)
Represents the U.S. federal tax liability associated with the repatriation provisions of the U.S. Tax Act.
(2)
Represents future pension payments to comply with local funding requirements. These future pension payments assume the Company continues to meet its future statutory funding requirements. Considering the current economic environment in which the Company operates, the Company believes its cash flows are adequate to meet the future statutory funding requirements. The projected payments beyond fiscal year 2027 are not currently determinable.
(3)
Primarily reflects future contractual payments under various take-or-pay arrangements entered into as part of the normal course of business. Commitments made under take-or-pay obligations represent minimum commitments with suppliers and are in line