instrument in offsetting the risk exposure it is designed to hedge. We generally have a high degree of effectiveness between the exposure being hedged and the hedging instrument.
Credit Risk Management
We have counterparty credit guidelines and normally enter into transactions with investment grade financial institutions, to the extent commercially viable. Counterparty exposures are monitored daily and downgrades in counterparty credit ratings are reviewed on a timely basis. We have not incurred, and do not expect to incur, material credit losses on our risk management or other financial instruments.
Substantially all of the Company's financial instruments used in hedging transactions are governed by industry standard netting and collateral agreements with counterparties. If the Company's credit rating were to fall below the levels stipulated in the agreements, the counterparties could demand either collateralization or termination of the arrangements. The aggregate fair value of the instruments covered by these contractual features that are in a net liability position was $
307
and $
1,088
as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company has not been required to post collateral as a result of these contractual features.
Interest Rate Risk Management
Our policy is to manage interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. To manage this risk in a cost-efficient manner, we enter into interest rate swaps whereby we agree to exchange with the counterparty, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable interest amounts calculated by reference to a notional amount.
We designate certain interest rate swaps on fixed rate debt that meet specific accounting criteria as fair value hedges. For fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of both the hedging instruments and the underlying debt obligations are immediately recognized in earnings.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        59
Foreign Currency Risk Management
We manufacture and sell our products and finance our operations in a number of countries throughout the world. As a result, we are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We leverage the Company’s diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge. In certain cases, we enter into non-qualifying foreign currency contracts to hedge certain balance sheet items subject to revaluation. The change in fair value of these instruments and the underlying exposure are both immediately recognized in earnings.
To manage exchange rate risk related to our intercompany financing, we primarily use forward contracts and currency swaps. The change in fair value of these non-qualifying instruments is immediately recognized in earnings, substantially offsetting the foreign currency mark-to-market impact of the related exposure.
Net Investment Hedging
We hedge certain net investment positions in foreign subsidiaries.