2024 and 2023, were as follows:
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        57
The following table sets forth the fair value of the Company's plan assets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, segregated by level within the fair value hierarchy (refer to Note 9 for further discussion on the fair value hierarchy and fair value principles).
Investments valued using net asset value as a practical expedient are not valued using the fair value hierarchy, but rather valued using the net asset value reported by the managers of the funds and as supported by the unit prices of actual purchase and sale transactions.
(1)
Company preferred stock is valued based on the value of Company common stock and is presented net of ESOP debt discussed below.
(2)
Fixed income securities are estimated by using pricing models or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics.
(3)
Fair values of insurance contracts are valued based on either their cash equivalent value or models that project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs, including credit risk and interest rate curves. The activity for Level 3 assets is not significant for all years presented.
(4)
Investments valued using net asset value as a practical expedient are primarily equity and fixed income collective funds.
Cash Flows
.
Management's best estimate of cash requirements and discretionary contributions for the defined benefit retirement plans and other retiree benefit plans for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, is $
180
and $
53
, respectively. Expected contributions are dependent on many variables, including the variability of the market value of the plan assets as compared to the benefit obligation and other market or regulatory conditions. In addition, we take into consideration our business investment opportunities and resulting cash requirements. Accordingly, actual funding may differ significantly from current estimates.
Total benefit payments expected to be paid to participants, which include payments funded from the Company's assets and payments from the plans are as follows:
Employee Stock Ownership Plan
We maintain the ESOP to provide funding for certain employee benefits discussed in the preceding paragraphs.
The ESOP borrowed $
1.0
billion in 1989, and the proceeds were used to purchase Series A ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock to fund a portion of the U.S. DC plan. Principal and interest requirements of the borrowing were paid by the Trust from dividends on the preferred shares and from advances provided by the Company. The original borrowing of $
1.0
billion has been repaid in full.
No
advances from the Company remain outstanding at June 30, 2024. Each share is convertible at the option of the holder into one share of the Company's common stock. The dividend for the current year was equal to the common stock dividend of $
3.83
per share. The