stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to consumers. Sales to Walmart Inc. and its affiliates represent approximately 16% of our total sales in 2024 and 15%  in 2023 and 2022. No other customer represents more than 10% of our total sales. Our top ten customers accounted for 42% of our total net sales in 2024, 40% in 2023 and 39% in 2022.
Sources and Availability of Materials
. Almost all of the raw and packaging materials used by the Company are purchased from third parties, some of whom are single-source suppliers. We produce certain raw materials, primarily chemicals, for further use in the manufacturing process. In addition, fuel, natural gas and derivative products are important commodities consumed in our manufacturing processes and in the transportation of input materials and finished products. The prices we pay for materials and other commodities are subject to fluctuation. When prices for these items change, we may or may not pass the change to our customers. The Company purchases a substantial variety of other raw and packaging materials, none of which are material to our business taken as a whole.
Trademarks and Patents
. We own or have rights to patents and trademarks, which are used in connection with our activity in all businesses. Our patents cover a range of product features, including significant product formulation and processes used to manufacture our products. The trademarks are important to the overall marketing and branding of our products. In part, our success can be attributed to the existence and continued protection of these trademarks and patents.
Competitive Condition
. The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive. Our products compete against similar products from a broad range of companies, both large and small, both established and new, including well-known global competitors. In many of the markets and industry segments, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers' private-label brands. In this highly competitive setting, we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position. Our integrated strategy and our focus on driving superiority across product, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value are key differentiators in the marketplace.
2        The Procter & Gamble Company
Government Regulation
. Our Company is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations across the countries in which we do business. In the United States, many of our products and manufacturing operations are subject to one or more federal or state regulatory agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC). We are also subject to