Feminine Care net sales were unchanged. Positive impacts of favorable geographic mix were offset by negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume and unfavorable foreign exchange. The unit volume decrease was primarily driven by declines in Greater China (due to market contraction and competitive activity) and Latin America (due to share losses), partially offset by growth in North America (due to market growth). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by a mid-single-digit growth in North America, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the Feminine Care category decreased 0.4 points.
•
Net sales in Family Care, which is predominantly a North America business, increased low single digits driven by an increase in unit volume (due to retail inventory build, partially offset by competitive activity), partially offset by lower pricing (due to merchandising investments). Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, organic sales increased mid-single digits. North America market share of the Family Care category decreased 0.1 points.
Net earnings decreased 3% to $3.1 billion due to a decrease in net sales and a 60 basis-point decline in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin decreased due to a decrease in gross margin, partially offset by a decrease in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. Gross margin decreased primarily due to higher commodity costs and unfavorable category mix, partially offset by productivity savings. SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to higher foreign exchange transactional charges in the prior year period and a reduction in marketing spending.
Corporate
Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities not allocated to specific business segments. These include but are not limited to incidental businesses managed at the corporate level, gains and losses related to certain divested brands or businesses, impacts from various financing and investing activities, impacts related to employee benefits, asset impairments and restructuring activities including manufacturing and workforce optimization. Corporate also includes reconciling items to adjust the accounting policies used within the reportable segments to U.S. GAAP. The most notable ongoing reconciling item is income taxes, which adjusts the blended statutory rates that are reflected in the reportable segments to the overall Company effective tax rate.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, Corporate net sales increased $70 million to $198 million due to an increase in net sales of incidental businesses managed at the corporate level. Corporate net earnings increased $132 million to $200 million for the quarter due primarily to adjustments to expected variable compensation payouts.
The Procter & Gamble Company        25
For the nine months ended March 31, 2025, Corporate net sales increased $122 million to $520 million due to an increase in net sales of incidental businesses managed at the