internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B.
Other Information.
During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers
adopted
or
terminated
a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies
The Company has insider trading policies and procedures that govern the purchase, sale and other dispositions of its securities by directors, officers and employees, as well as by the Company itself. We believe these policies and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable listing standards.
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
The Board of Directors has determined that the following members of the Audit Committee are independent and are Audit Committee financial experts as defined by SEC rules: Mr. Brett Biggs, Ms. Christine McCarthy (Chair) and Ms. Patricia Woertz.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the 2024 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2024: the section entitled Election of Directors; the subsection of the Corporate Governance section entitled Board Meetings and Committees of the Board; the subsection of the Corporate Governance section entitled Code of Ethics; and the subsection of the Other Matters section entitled Shareholder Recommendations or Nominations of Director Candidates. Pursuant to the Instruction to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, Executive Officers of the Registrant are reported in Part I of this report.
Item 11.
Executive Compensation.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the 2024 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2024: the subsections of the Corporate Governance section entitled Board Meetings and Committees of the Board, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Risk Oversight - Compensation-Related Risk; and the portion beginning with the section entitled Director Compensation up to but not including the section entitled Pay Versus Performance.
66        The Procter & Gamble Company
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
The following table gives information about the Company's common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all of the Company's equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2024. The table includes the