To accomplish this, we either borrow directly in foreign currencies and designate all or a portion of the foreign currency debt as a hedge of the applicable net investment position or we enter into foreign currency swaps that are designated as hedges of net investments. The time value component of the net investment hedge currency swaps is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. Changes in the fair value of the swap, including changes in the fair value of the excluded time value component, are recognized in OCI and offset the value of the net investment being hedged. The time value component is subsequently reported in income on a systematic basis.
Commodity Risk Management
Certain raw materials used in our products or production processes are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. As of and during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not have any financial commodity hedging activity.
Insurance
We self-insure for most insurable risks. However, we purchase insurance for Directors and Officers Liability and certain other coverage where it is required by law or by contract.
Fair Value Hierarchy
Accounting guidance on fair value measurements for certain financial assets and liabilities requires that financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:
•
Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
•
Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.
•
Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting the reporting entity's own assumptions or external inputs from inactive markets.
The Company had no significant activity with Level 3 assets and liabilities during the periods presented. Except for the impairment of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset discussed in Note 4, there were no significant assets or liabilities that were re-measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis for the periods presented. When applying fair value principles in the valuation of assets and liabilities, we are required to maximize the use of quoted market prices and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Company has not changed its valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of any financial assets or liabilities during the year.
When active market quotes are not available for financial assets and liabilities, we use industry standard valuation models. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including credit risk, interest rate curves and forward and spot prices for currencies. In circumstances where market-based observable inputs are not available, management judgment is used to develop assumptions to estimate fair value.
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
Cash