purposes. We consider our debt to be Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Fair values are generally estimated based on quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments.
Disclosures about Financial Instruments
The notional amounts and fair values of financial instruments used in hedging transactions as of March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, are as follows:
The fair value of the interest rate derivative asset/(liability) directly offsets the cumulative amount of the fair value hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount of the underlying debt obligation. The carrying amount of the underlying debt obligation, which includes the unamortized discount or premium and the fair value adjustment, was $
2.8
billion and $
2.7
billion as of March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively. In addition to the foreign currency derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges, certain of our foreign currency denominated debt instruments are designated as net investment hedges. The carrying value of those debt instruments designated as net investment hedges, which includes the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain or loss on those instruments, was $
10.9
billion and $
11.9
billion as of March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The increase in notional balance of the derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges is primarily driven by the Company's decision to leverage favorable interest rate spreads in the foreign currency swap market.
Derivative assets
are presented in Prepaid expenses and other current assets or Other noncurrent assets.
Derivative liabilities
are presented in Accrued and other liabilities or Other noncurrent liabilities. Changes in the fair value of net investment hedges are recognized in the Foreign currency translation component of Other comprehensive income (OCI). All of the Company's derivative assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.
Certain of the Company's financial instruments used in hedging transactions are governed by industry standard netting and collateral agreements with counterparties. If the Company's credit rating were to fall below the levels stipulated in the agreements, the counterparties could demand either collateralization or termination of the arrangements. The aggregate fair value of the instruments covered by these contractual features that are in a liability position was $
269
and $
307
as of March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The Company has not been required to post collateral as a result of these contractual features.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        11
Before tax gains and losses on our financial instruments in hedging relationships are categorized as follows:
(1)
For the derivatives in net investment hedging relationships, the amount of gain excluded from effectiveness testing, which was recognized