balance sheet, including cost of goods sold, marketing and promotional spending, overhead costs and capital spending.
We act with agility and are constructively disrupting our highly competitive industry and the way we do business, including how we innovate, communicate and leverage new technologies, to create more value.
We are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities, accountability and incentive compensation programs.
Additionally, to further strengthen our integrated strategy, we have declared four focus areas. These are 1) leveraging environmental sustainability as an additional driver of superior performing products and packaging innovations, 2) increasing digital acumen to drive consumer and customer preference, reduce cost and enable rapid and efficient decision making, 3) developing next-level supply chain capabilities to enable flexibility, agility, resilience and a new level of productivity and 4) delivering a superior employee value equation for all employees inclusive of all genders, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, ages and abilities - for all roles - to ensure we continue to attract, retain and develop the best talent to better serve our diverse consumer base.
We believe this strategy is right for the long-term health of the Company and our objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group.
The Company expects the delivery of the following long-term growth algorithm will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive, fast-moving consumer goods peer group:
•
Organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete;
•
Core EPS growth of mid-to-high single digits; and
•
Adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% or greater.
While periods of significant macroeconomic pressures may cause short-term results to deviate from the long-term growth algorithm, we intend to maintain a disciplined approach to investing in our business.
18        The Procter & Gamble Company
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Limited Market Portfolio Restructuring
In December 2023, the Company announced a limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria, to address challenging macroeconomic and fiscal conditions. In connection with this announcement, the Company announced that it expected to record incremental restructuring charges of $1.0 to $1.5 billion after tax, consisting primarily of foreign currency translation losses to be recognized as non-cash charges upon the substantial liquidation of operations in the affected markets.
As of June 30, 2024, the Company has substantially liquidated its operations in certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria, and recorded a non-cash charge of $216 million after tax for accumulated currency translation losses previously included in Accumulated other