regulatory requirements and sustainability initiatives may result in increased costs. We strive to implement, achieve and sustain cost improvement plans, including supply chain optimization and general overhead and workforce optimization. Increased pricing in response to certain inflationary or cost increases may also offset portions of the cost impacts; however, such price increases may negatively impact product consumption. If we are unable to manage cost impacts through pricing actions and consistent productivity improvements, it may negatively impact our net sales, net earnings and cash flows.
Government Policies.
We are exposed to changes in U.S. and foreign government legislative, regulatory or enforcement policies that can have a negative impact on net sales, net earnings and cash flows. These include tax policy changes (both U.S. and foreign), including those resulting from the current work being led by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework focused on "Addressing the Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy”. Government controls such as currency exchanges, pricing and import authorizations as well as government policies related to environmental and climate change matters and changes to international trade agreements can also impact our financial performance.
For additional information on risk factors that could impact our business results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The key metrics included in the discussion of our consolidated results of operations include net sales, gross margin, selling, general and administrative costs (SG&A), operating margin, other non-operating items, income taxes and net earnings. The primary factors driving year-over-year changes in net sales include overall market growth in the categories in which we compete, product initiatives, competitive activities (the level of initiatives, pricing and other activities by competitors), marketing spending, retail executions (both in-store and online) and acquisition and divestiture activity, all of which drive changes in our underlying unit volume, as well as our pricing actions (which can also impact volume), changes in product and geographic mix and foreign exchange impacts on sales outside the U.S.
For most of our categories, our cost of products sold and SG&A are variable in nature to some extent. Accordingly, our discussion of these operating costs focuses primarily on relative margins rather than the absolute year-over-year changes in total costs. The primary drivers of changes in gross margin are input costs (energy and other commodities), pricing impacts, geographic mix (for example, gross margins in North America are generally higher than the Company average for similar products), product mix (for example, the Beauty segment has higher gross margins than the Company average), foreign exchange rate fluctuations (in situations where certain input costs may