(Antiperspirants and Deodorants, Personal Cleansing, Skin Care);
•
Grooming
: Grooming (Appliances, Female Blades & Razors, Male Blades & Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Products, Other Grooming);
•
Health Care
: Oral Care (Toothbrushes, Toothpaste, Other Oral Care); Personal Health Care (Gastrointestinal, Pain Relief, Rapid Diagnostics, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal Health Care);
•
Fabric & Home Care
: Fabric Care (Fabric Enhancers, Laundry Additives, Laundry Detergents); Home Care (Air Care, Dish Care, P&G Professional, Surface Care); and
•
Baby, Feminine & Family Care
: Baby Care (Baby Wipes, Taped Diapers and Pants); Feminine Care (Adult Incontinence, Menstrual Care); Family Care (Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper).
While none of our reportable segments are highly seasonal, components within certain reportable segments, such as Appliances (Grooming) and Personal Health Care (Health), are seasonal.
The accounting policies of the segments are generally the same as those described in Note 1. Differences between these policies and U.S. GAAP primarily reflect income taxes, which are reflected in the segments using applicable blended statutory rates. Adjustments to arrive at our effective tax rate are included in Corporate. In addition, capital expenditures in the segments are on an accrual basis consistent with the balance sheet. Adjustments to move from an accrual to cash basis, for purposes of the cash flow statement, are reflected in Corporate.
Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities that are not reflected in the operating results used internally to measure and evaluate the businesses, as well as items to adjust management reporting principles to U.S. GAAP. Operating activities in Corporate include the results of incidental businesses managed at the corporate level. Operating elements also include certain employee benefit costs, the costs of certain restructuring-type activities to maintain a competitive cost structure, including manufacturing and workforce optimization, asset impairment charges and other general Corporate items. The non-operating elements in Corporate primarily include interest expense, certain pension and other postretirement benefit costs, certain acquisition and divestiture gains, interest and investing income and other financing costs.
Total assets for the reportable segments include those assets managed by the reportable segment, primarily inventory, fixed assets and intangible assets. Other assets, primarily cash, accounts receivable, investment securities and goodwill, are included in Corporate.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        43
Our operating segments are comprised of similar product categories.
Operating segments that individually accounted for 5% or more of consolidated net sales are as follows:
(1)
% of Net sales by operating segment excludes sales recorded in Corporate.
(2)