employees identify as multicultural.
Training and Development
We focus on attracting, developing and retaining the widest pool of talent available, both from universities and the broader market. We recruit from universities across markets in which we compete and are generally able to select from the top talent. We focus on developing our employees by providing a variety of job experiences, training programs and skill development opportunities. Given our develop-from-within model for staffing most of our senior leadership positions, it is particularly important for us to ensure holistic growth and full engagement of our employees.
Diversity, Equality and Inclusion
As a consumer products company, we believe that it is important for our workforce to reflect the diversity of our consumers worldwide. We also seek to foster an inclusive work environment where each individual can bring their authentic self, which helps drive innovation and enables us to better serve our consumers. We aspire to achieve equal gender representation globally and at key management and leadership levels. Within the U.S. workforce, our aspiration is to achieve 40% multicultural representation overall as well as at management and leadership levels.
Compensation and Benefits
Market-competitive compensation and reward programs are critical elements of our employee value equation to attract and retain the best talent. Our total rewards programs are based on the principles of paying for performance, paying competitively versus peer companies that we compete with for talent in the marketplace and focusing on long-term success through a combination of short-term and long-term incentive programs. We also offer competitive benefit programs, including retirement plans and health insurance, in line with local country practices, with flexibility to accommodate the needs of a diverse workforce.
Sustainability
. Environmental sustainability is integrated into our business strategy. We are focused on designing and manufacturing irresistibly superior products that are more sustainable. We aim to reduce our own environmental footprint and enable our consumers to reduce their footprint without compromising on the performance of the products they use. We develop and license technologies that can be used across industries to improve environmental sustainability at a broader scale.
The Procter & Gamble Company        3
Combined, this approach intends to positively impact the total environmental impact of the Company while driving market growth and value creation.
In 2021, the Company announced a 2040 net zero ambition. Our Climate Transition Action Plan outlines the Company’s ongoing efforts toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions across scopes 1 and 2 and elements of scope 3. The Company has also declared objectives towards purchasing renewable electricity for our operations, reducing use of virgin petroleum-based plastic in packaging, increasing the recyclability or reusability of packaging,