and a decrease in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin
22        The Procter & Gamble Company
improvement was primarily driven by increased productivity savings and increased pricing, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix. SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased due primarily to a reduction in marketing spending.
Nine months ended March 31, 2025, compared with nine months ended March 31, 2024
Grooming net sales were unchanged at $5.0 billion as the benefits of a 3% increase in unit volume and higher pricing of 1% (driven primarily by Latin America and IMEA) were offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 2%, unfavorable geographic mix of 1% and the negative impact from divestitures of 1%. The volume increase was driven by growth in IMEA (due to increased distribution) and Europe (due to market growth). Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, Grooming organic sales increased 3% due to low-teens growth in IMEA, high single-digit growth in Asia Pacific and low single-digit growth in Europe. Global market share of the Grooming segment increased 0.1 points.
Net earnings increased 4% to $1.2 billion due to a 90 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to a decrease in SG&A as a percentage of net sales, an increase in gross margin and a lower effective tax rate. The gross margin increase was driven primarily by productivity savings, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix. SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to higher foreign exchange transactional charges in the prior year period. The lower effective tax rate was driven by favorable geographic mix.
Health Care
Three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with three
months ended March 31, 2024
Health Care net sales were unchanged at $2.9 billion as the benefits of favorable product mix of 3% and higher pricing of 1% were offset by unfavorable foreign exchange impacts of 3% and a 1% decrease in unit volume. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 4%. Global market share of the Health Care segment increased 0.3 points.
•
Oral Care net sales decreased low single digits driven by a unit volume decline and negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by positive impacts of favorable product mix (due to growth of power brushes and premium paste, which have higher than category-average selling prices). The unit volume decrease was due to declines in all regions, led by Greater China (due to market contraction and competitive activity) and IMEA (due to share losses). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by a mid-single-digit increase in Europe, partially offset by a mid-teens decrease in Greater China. Global market share of the Oral Care category increased 0.1 points.
•
Personal Health Care net sales increased mid-single digits driven by a unit volume increase and the positive impact of higher pricing