model, this arrangement generally provides the suppliers with more favorable terms than they would be able to secure on their own. The Company has no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to sell a receivable. Once a qualifying supplier chooses to participate in SCF, the supplier selects which individual Company invoices to sell to the SCF bank. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including the amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by the supplier’s decisions to finance amounts under these arrangements. The Company does not provide any form of guarantee under these financing arrangements. Our payment terms for suppliers under this program generally range from
60
to
180
days. All outstanding amounts related to suppliers participating in SCF are recorded within Accounts payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The amount due to suppliers participating in SCF and included in
Accounts payable
was approximately $
5.6
billion as of June 30, 2024 and $
5.7
billion as of June 30, 2023.
NOTE 15
SUBSEQUENT EVENT
On July 1, 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of its business in Argentina.  The Company expects to record a non-cash charge of approximately $
750
for accumulated foreign currency translation losses in the first quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025.
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not applicable.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        65
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
The Company’s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jon R. Moeller, and the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten, performed an evaluation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Messrs. Moeller and Schulten have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including Messrs. Moeller and Schulten, to allow their timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Reports on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to "Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting" and "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
There were no changes in our