service requirements.
The plans require cost sharing with retirees and the benefits are funded by
ESOP Series B shares and certain other assets contributed by the Company.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
54        The Procter & Gamble Company
Obligation and Funded Status
.
The following provides a reconciliation of benefit obligations, plan assets and funded status of these defined benefit plans:
(1)
Primarily non-U.S.-based defined benefit retirement plans.
(2)
Primarily U.S.-based other postretirement benefit plans.
(3)
For the pension benefit plans, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation. For other retiree benefit plans, the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.
(4)
Represents the net impact of ESOP debt service requirements, which is netted against plan assets for other retiree benefits.
The actuarial gain for pension benefits in 2024 was primarily related to updating of various assumptions in the plan, offset by updates in work experience and decreases in discount rates. The actuarial gain for other retiree benefits in 2024 was primarily related to updating various assumptions in the plan based work experience and an increase in discount rates. The actuarial gain for pension plans in 2023 was primarily related to increases in discount rates, offset by inflation-related pension benefit increases. The actuarial gain for other retiree benefits in 2023 was primarily related to increases in discount rates and a decrease in assumptions for medical claims costs.
The underfunding of pension benefits is primarily a function of the different funding incentives that exist outside of the U.S. In certain countries, there are no legal requirements or financial incentives provided to companies to pre-fund pension obligations prior to their due date.
In these instances, benefit payments are typically paid directly from the Company's cash as they become due.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        55
The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans, which differs from the projected obligation in that it excludes the assumption of future salary increases, was $
11.6
billion and $
11.8
billion as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Information related to the funded status of selected pension and other retiree benefits at June 30 is as follows:
Net Periodic Benefit Cost
.
Components of the net periodic benefit cost were as follows:
The service cost component of the net periodic benefit cost is included in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in Cost of products sold and SG&A. All other components are included in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in Other non-operating income, net, unless otherwise noted.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
56        The Procter & Gamble Company
Assumptions
.
We