adjusted to a determinable life.
The cost of intangible assets with determinable useful lives is amortized to reflect the pattern of economic benefits consumed, either on a straight-line or accelerated basis over the estimated periods benefited. Patents, technology and other intangible assets with contractual terms are generally amortized over their respective legal or contractual lives. Customer relationships, brands and other non-contractual intangible assets with determinable lives are amortized over periods generally ranging from
5
to
30
years. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, an impairment assessment is performed and remaining lives of intangible assets with determinable lives may be adjusted.
For additional details on goodwill and intangible assets see Note 4.
Fair Values of Financial Instruments
Certain financial instruments are required to be recorded at fair value. Changes in assumptions or estimation methods could affect the fair value estimates; however, we do not believe any such changes would have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Other financial instruments, including cash equivalents, certain investments and certain short-term debt, are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. The fair values of long-term debt and financial instruments are disclosed in Note 9.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
42        The Procter & Gamble Company
New Accounting Pronouncements and Policies
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2023-07, “Segment Reporting: Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures.” This guidance requires disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis. This amendment is effective for our fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, and our interim periods within the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. We are currently assessing the impact of this guidance on our disclosures.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, “Income Taxes: Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures.” This guidance requires consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and disclosures of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. This amendment is effective for our fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. We are currently assessing the impact of this guidance on our disclosures.
No other new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year had, or is expected to have, a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
NOTE 2
SEGMENT INFORMATION
Under U.S. GAAP, our operating segments are aggregated into
five
reportable segments: 1) Beauty, 2) Grooming, 3) Health Care, 4) Fabric & Home Care and 5) Baby, Feminine & Family Care. Our
five
reportable segments are comprised of:
•
Beauty
: Hair Care (Conditioners, Shampoos, Styling Aids, Treatments); Skin and Personal Care