responsible sourcing of key forest-based commodities, improving efficiency of water usage in our operations and driving a global portfolio of water restoration projects that help address water scarcity in key water basins. Our progress towards these objectives may be influenced and impacted by various stakeholders and developments beyond our control.
Sustainability related disclosures included in this Annual Report, our Proxy Statement and our sustainability reports are informed by standards and guidelines such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The “materiality” thresholds in those standards and guidelines may differ from the concept of “materiality” for purposes of the federal securities laws and disclosures required by the Commission’s rules in this Annual Report. References to our sustainability reports and website are for informational purposes only and neither the sustainability reports nor the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional detailed information on our sustainability efforts can be found on our website at https://pginvestor.com/esg.
Item 1A.
Risk Factors.
We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives in this Form 10-K, as well as in our quarterly and annual reports, current reports on Form 8-K, press releases and other written and oral communications. All statements, except for historical and present factual information, are “forward-looking statements” and are based on financial data and business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may become outdated or incomplete. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or other factors, except to the extent required by law. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and investors must recognize that events could significantly differ from our expectations.
The following discussion of “risk factors” identifies significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance. This information should be read in conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes incorporated in this report. The following discussion of risks is not all inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our expectations. These and other factors could cause our future results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements and from historical trends, perhaps materially.
MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND RELATED FINANCIAL RISKS
Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing