In skin and personal care, we offer a wide variety of products, ranging from deodorants to personal cleansing to skin care, such as our Olay brand, which is one of the top facial skin care brands in the world with about 5% global market share.
Grooming:
We are the global market leader in the grooming market, where we hold more than 45% share. Our global blades and razors market share is more than 60%, primarily behind our Gillette and Venus brands. Our appliances, such as electric shavers and intense pulse light devices, are sold primarily under the Braun brand. We hold over 25% of the male electric shavers market.
Health Care:
We compete in oral care and personal health care. In oral care, there are several global competitors in the market, and we have the number two market share position with about 20% global market share behind our Crest and Oral-B brands. In personal health care, we are a global market leader among the categories in which we compete, including respiratory treatments, digestive wellness, sleep aids, vitamins and analgesics behind our Vicks, Metamucil, Pepto-Bismol and Neurobion brands.
Fabric & Home Care:
This segment is comprised of a variety of fabric care products, including laundry detergents, additives and fabric enhancers; and home care products, including dishwashing liquids and detergents, surface cleaners and air fresheners. In fabric care, we generally have the number one or number two market share position and are the global market leader with over 35% market share in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Tide, Ariel and Downy brands. Our global home care market share is about 25% across the categories in which we compete, primarily behind our Cascade, Dawn, Febreze and Swiffer brands.
Baby, Feminine & Family Care:
In baby care, we are a global market leader and compete mainly in taped diapers, pants and baby wipes, with more than 20% global market share. We generally have the number one or number two market share position in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Pampers brand. We are a global market leader in the feminine care category with over 20% global market share. We compete in the menstrual care sub-category primarily behind our Always and Tampax brands with over 25% global market share. We also compete in the adult incontinence sub-category behind Always Discreet, with about 15% market share in the markets in which we compete. Our family care business is predominantly a North American business comprised primarily of the Bounty paper towel and Charmin toilet paper brands. North America market shares are over 40% for Bounty and over 25% for Charmin.
The Procter & Gamble Company        17
Enterprise Markets
Enterprise Markets are responsible for sales and profit delivery in specific countries, supported by SBU-agreed innovation and supply chain plans, along with scaled services like planning, distribution and customer management.
Corporate Functions
Corporate Functions provides