for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset as part of our annual impairment testing during the three months ended December 31, 2023, utilizing reasonably possible changes in the assumptions for the discount rate, the short-term and residual growth rates and the royalty rates to demonstrate the potential impacts to the estimated fair values. The table below provides, in isolation, the estimated fair value impacts related to a 25 basis-point increase in the discount rate, a 25 basis-point decrease in our shorter-term and residual growth rates, or a 50 basis-point decrease in our royalty rates, which may result in an additional impairment of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset.
The Procter & Gamble Company        29
See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on goodwill and intangible assets.
New Accounting Pronouncements
Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of June 30, 2024.
OTHER INFORMATION
Hedging and Derivative Financial Instruments
As a multinational company with diverse product offerings, we are exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. We evaluate exposures on a centralized basis to take advantage of natural exposure correlation and netting. We leverage the Company's diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge and prioritize operational hedging activities over financial market instruments. To the extent we choose to further manage volatility within our financing operations, as discussed below, we enter into various financial transactions which we account for using the applicable accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. These financial transactions are governed by our policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure, instrument types and other hedging practices. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our accounting policies for derivative instruments.
Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuation, sensitivity analysis and value-at-risk modeling. The tests for interest rate, currency rate and commodity derivative positions discussed below are based on the RiskManager™ value-at-risk model using a one-year horizon and a 95% confidence level. The model incorporates the impact of correlation (the degree to which exposures move together over time) and diversification (from holding multiple currency, commodity and interest rate instruments) and assumes that financial returns are normally distributed. Estimates of volatility and correlations of market factors are drawn from the RiskMetrics™ dataset as of June 30, 2024. In cases where data is unavailable in RiskMetrics™, a reasonable proxy is included.
Our market risk exposures relative to interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, as