changes in unit volume excluding the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and certain one-time items, if applicable, and is used to explain changes in organic sales. Certain columns and rows may not add due to rounding.
OVERVIEW
P&G is a global leader in the fast-moving consumer goods industry, focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value to our consumers around the world. Our products are sold in about 180 countries and territories, primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to individual consumers. We have on-the-ground operations in about 70 countries.
Our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and local competitors. In many of the markets and industry segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers' private-label brands.
The Procter & Gamble Company        15
Additionally, many of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by price tiers (referred to as super-premium, premium, mid-tier and value-tier products). We believe we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position.
The table below lists our reportable segments, including the product categories and brand composition within each segment.
(1)
Effective July 1, 2024, the Beauty reportable business segment separated Skin and Personal Care into individual operating segments, Skin Care and Personal Care. This transition included separation of the management team, strategic decision-making, innovation plans, financial targets, budgets and management reporting.
Throughout the MD&A, we reference business results by region, which are comprised of North America, Europe, Greater China, Latin America, Asia Pacific and India, Middle East and Africa (IMEA).
The following table provides the percentage of net sales and net earnings by reportable business segment (excluding Corporate) for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2025:
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Limited Market Portfolio Restructuring
In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company started a limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria, to address challenging macroeconomic and fiscal conditions. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed this limited market portfolio restructuring with the substantial liquidation of its operations in Argentina and recorded incremental restructuring charges of approximately $0.8 billion after tax, comprised primarily of non-cash charges for accumulated foreign