shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products or potential supply chain constraints. In addition, relative global and country/regional macroeconomic factors could result in additional and prolonged devaluation of other countries' currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The residual growth rates represent the expected rate at which the Gillette brand is expected to grow beyond the shorter-term business planning period. The residual growth rates utilized in our fair value estimates are consistent with the brand operating plans and approximate expected long-term category market growth rates. The residual growth rate depends on overall market growth rates, the competitive environment, inflation, relative currency exchange rates and business activities that impact market share. As a result, the residual growth rate could be adversely impacted by a sustained deceleration in category growth, grooming habit changes, devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar or an increased competitive environment.
The discount rate, which is consistent with a weighted average cost of capital that is likely to be expected by a market participant, is based upon industry required rates of return, including consideration of both debt and equity components of the capital structure. Our discount rate may be impacted by adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment, volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors, such as further devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar. Spot rates as of the fair value measurement date are utilized in our fair value estimates for cash flows outside the U.S.
The royalty rate used to determine the estimated fair value for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset is driven by historical and estimated future profitability of the underlying Gillette business. The royalty rate may be impacted by significant adverse changes in long-term operating margins.
We performed a sensitivity analysis for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset as part of our annual impairment testing during the three months ended December 31, 2024, utilizing reasonably possible changes in the assumptions for the discount rate, the short-term and residual growth rates and the royalty rate to demonstrate the potential impacts to estimated fair values.
The table below provides, in isolation, the estimated fair value impacts related to a 25 basis-point increase in the discount rate, a 25 basis-point decrease in our short-term and residual growth rates or a 50 basis-point decrease in our royalty rate.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
5.
Earnings Per Share
Basic net earnings per common share are calculated by dividing Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble less preferred dividends by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net earnings per common share are calculated by