certain columns and rows may not add due to rounding.
OVERVIEW
P&G is a global leader in the fast-moving consumer goods industry, focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value to our consumers around the world. Our products are sold in about 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to individual consumers. We have on-the-ground operations in about 70 countries.
Our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and local competitors. In many of the markets and industry segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers' private-label brands. Additionally, many of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by price tiers (referred to as super-premium, premium, mid-tier and value-tier products). We believe we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position.
Organizational Structure
Our organizational structure is comprised of Sector Business Units (SBUs), Enterprise Markets (EMs), Corporate Functions (CF) and Global Business Services (GBS).
Sector Business Units
The Company's product categories are organized into five SBUs and five reportable segments (under U.S. GAAP): Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care; and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The SBUs are responsible for global brand strategy, product upgrades and innovation, marketing plans and supply chain. They have direct profit responsibility for markets (referred to as Focus Markets) representing the large majority of the Company's sales and earnings and are also responsible for innovation plans, supply plans and operating frameworks to drive growth and value creation in the remaining markets (referred to as Enterprise Markets). Throughout the MD&A, we reference business results by region, which are comprised of North America, Europe, Greater China, Latin America, Asia Pacific and India, Middle East and Africa (IMEA).
16        The Procter & Gamble Company
The following provides additional detail on our reportable segments and the product categories and brand composition within each segment.
(1)
Percent of Net sales and Net earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 (excluding results held in Corporate).
Organization Design:
Sector Business Units
Beauty:
We are a global market leader amongst the beauty categories in which we compete, including hair care and skin and personal care. We are a global market leader in the retail hair care market with about 20% global market share primarily behind our Head & Shoulders and Pantene brands.