matters without significant liability or damage to our reputation may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, if new or pending legal or regulatory matters result in fines or costs in excess of the amounts accrued to date, that may also materially impact our results of operations and financial position.
Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations and resolutions of tax disputes could negatively affect our financial results.
The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Changes in the various tax laws can and do occur. For example, in December 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the U.S. Tax Act). The changes included in the U.S. Tax Act were broad and complex. Under the current U.S. presidential administration, comprehensive federal income tax reform has been proposed, including an increase in the U.S. Federal corporate income tax rate, elimination of certain investment incentives and an increase in U.S. taxation of non-U.S. earnings. While these proposals are controversial, likely to change during the legislative process and may prove difficult to enact as proposed in the current closely divided U.S. Congress, their impact could nonetheless be significant.
Additionally, longstanding international tax norms that determine each country’s jurisdiction to tax cross-border international trade are subject to potential evolution. An outgrowth of the original Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project is a project undertaken by the approximately 140 member countries of the expanded Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Inclusive Framework focused on "Addressing the Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy." The breadth of this project extends beyond pure digital businesses and, as proposed, would likely impact a large portion of multinational businesses by potentially redefining jurisdictional taxation rights in market countries and establishing a global minimum tax. In December 2022, the European Union (EU) approved a directive requiring member states to incorporate a 15% global minimum tax into their respective domestic laws effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. Most member states complied with the directive while some were permitted a delayed implementation. In addition, several non-EU countries have proposed and/or adopted legislation consistent with the global minimum tax framework. Important details of these minimum tax developments are still to be determined and, in some cases, enactment and timing remain uncertain.
Based on current legislation and available guidance, we do not anticipate the Pillar Two global minimum tax to have a material impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or effective tax rate in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025. The Company continues to assess