materials and supplies consumed in the manufacturing of product, as well as manufacturing labor, depreciation expense and direct overhead expenses necessary to acquire and convert the purchased materials and supplies into finished products. Cost of products sold also includes the cost to distribute products to customers, inbound freight costs, internal transfer costs, warehousing costs and other shipping and handling activity.
Selling, General and Administrative Expense
Selling, general and administrative expense (SG&A) is primarily comprised of marketing expenses, selling expenses, research and development costs, administrative and other indirect overhead costs, depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing assets and other miscellaneous operating items. Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred and were $
2.0
billion in 2024, 2023 and 2022. Advertising costs, charged to expense as incurred, include television, print, radio, digital and in-store advertising expenses and were $
9.6
billion in 2024, $
8.0
billion in 2023 and $
7.9
billion in 2022. Non-advertising related components of the Company's total marketing spending reported in SG&A include costs associated with consumer promotions, product sampling and sales aids.
Other Non-Operating Income, Net
Other non-operating income, net primarily includes divestiture gains, net non-service impacts related to postretirement benefit plans, investment income, accumulated foreign currency translation losses and other non-operating items.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        41
Currency Translation
Financial statements of operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. generally are measured using the local currency as the functional currency. Adjustments to translate those statements into U.S. dollars are recorded in Other comprehensive income (OCI). For subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies, the U.S. dollar is the functional currency. Re-measurement adjustments for financial statements in highly inflationary economies and other transactional exchange gains and losses are reflected in earnings.
Cash Flow Presentation
The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are prepared using the indirect method, which reconciles net earnings to cash flows from operating activities. Cash flows from foreign currency transactions and operations are translated at monthly exchange rates for each period. Cash flows from hedging activities are included in the same category as the items being hedged. Cash flows from derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges are classified as investing activities. Realized gains and losses from non-qualifying derivative instruments used to hedge currency exposures resulting from intercompany financing transactions are classified as financing activities. Cash flows from other derivative instruments used to manage interest rates, commodity or other