Canada, Japan and Germany and collectively comprised approximately 20% of our net sales in fiscal 2024. As a result, we are exposed to global macroeconomic factors, geopolitical tensions and government policies. We are exposed to various risks due to economic, political and social instabilities, market volatility, natural disasters, debt and credit issues, currency controls, new or increased tariffs (including any such tariffs between the U.S. and China or the U.S. and Canada), foreign exchange and interest rate changes. These risks can negatively impact our net sales, net earnings and cash flows. For example, we are exposed to risks due to the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. Our Russia business accounted for less than 2% of consolidated net sales and net earnings in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and less than 2% of net assets as of June 30, 2024.
Foreign Exchange.
We have significant exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, both due to translation and transaction exposures. Translation exposures arise from measuring income statements of foreign subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Transaction exposures involve impacts from 1) input costs that are denominated in currencies other than the local reporting currency and 2) revaluation of working capital balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. We have experienced significant foreign exchange impacts in the past due to the weakening of certain foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar, which have negatively impacted net sales, net earnings and cash flows. In response to the devaluation of foreign currencies (including those deemed highly inflationary), any lags or inability (due to government restrictions) to implement price increases or the negative impacts of such actions on product consumption may lead to a decline in our net sales, net earnings and cash flows.
Commodities and Supply Chain.
Our costs are subject to fluctuations due to changes in commodity and input material prices, transportation costs, inflationary impacts and productivity efforts. We have significant exposures to certain commodities and input materials, in particular certain oil-derived materials like resins and paper-based materials like pulp. Volatility in the market price of commodities and input materials directly affects our costs. Disruptions in manufacturing, supply and distribution operations can lead to increased costs. Legal or regulatory requirements and sustainability initiatives may result in increased costs. We strive to implement, achieve and sustain cost improvement plans, including supply chain optimization and general overhead and workforce optimization. Increased pricing in response to certain inflationary or cost increases may also offset portions of the cost impacts; however, such price increases may negatively impact product consumption. If we are unable to manage cost impacts through pricing actions and consistent productivity