contraction). Organic sales decreased low single digits due to mid-teen declines in Asia Pacific and Greater China, partially offset by a double-digit increase in North America. Global market share of the skin and personal care category increased 0.3 points.
Net earnings decreased 7% to $3.0 billion as the increase in net sales was more than offset by a 170 basis-point decline in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin decreased as an increase in gross margin was more than fully offset by an increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales and a higher effective tax rate. The gross margin improvement was driven by productivity savings and increased pricing, partially offset by negative product mix (due primarily to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand). SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased due to an increase in marketing and overhead spending, partially offset by the positive scale effects of the net sales increase. The higher effective tax rate was driven by unfavorable geographic mix.
GROOMING
Grooming net sales increased 4% to $6.7 billion driven by higher pricing of 8% (driven primarily by Latin America and Europe) and a 1% increase in unit volume, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 5%. Mix had a neutral impact on net sales growth. The increase in unit volume was due to growth in IMEA and Latin America (both due to innovation), partially offset by decline in Europe (due to increased pricing). Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 9% driven by an approximately 40% growth in Latin America and high single-digit growth in Europe, partially offset by a low single-digit decline in North America. Global market share of the Grooming segment increased 0.5 points.
Net earnings increased 1% to $1.5 billion due to the increase in net sales, partially offset by a 60 basis-point decrease in net earnings margin.
Net earnings margin declined as an increase in gross margin was more than fully offset by an increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin increase was driven by higher pricing and productivity savings, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange and unfavorable mix due to the growth of premium innovation that has lower than segment-average gross margins. SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased due to an increase in marketing spending, partially offset by the positive scale effects of the net sales increase.
HEALTH CARE
Health Care net sales increased 5% to $11.8 billion driven by higher pricing of 4% and favorable mix of 2% (due to growth in North America and Europe, both of which have higher than segment-average selling prices), partially offset by a 1% decrease in unit volume. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales also increased 5%. Global market share of the Health Care segment increased 0.6 points.
•
Oral Care net sales increased mid-single digits due to the positive impacts