determine our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis. These assumptions are weighted to reflect each country that may have an impact on the cost of providing retirement benefits.
The weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, were as follows:
(1)
(1)
Determined as of end of fiscal year.
The weighted average assumptions used to determine net benefit cost recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended June 30 were as follows:
(1)
(1)
Determined as of beginning of fiscal year.
For plans that make up the majority of our obligation, the Company calculates the benefit obligation and the related impacts on service and interest costs using specific spot rates along the corporate bond yield curve. For the remaining plans, the Company determines these amounts utilizing a single weighted average discount rate derived from the corporate bond yield curve used to measure the plan obligations.
Several factors are considered in developing the estimate for the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets. For the defined benefit retirement plans, these factors include historical rates of return of broad equity and bond indices and projected long-term rates of return obtained from pension investment consultants. The expected long-term rates of return for plan assets are
8
-
9
% for equities and
3
-
5
% for bonds. For other retiree benefit plans, the expected long-term rate of return reflects that the assets are comprised primarily of Company stock. The expected rate of return on Company stock is based on the long-term projected return of
8.5
% and reflects the historical pattern of returns.
Plan Assets
.
Our investment objective for defined benefit retirement plan assets is to meet the plans' benefit obligations and to improve plan self-sufficiency for future benefit obligations. The investment strategies focus on asset class diversification, liquidity to meet benefit payments and an appropriate balance of long-term investment return and risk. Target ranges for asset allocations are determined by assessing different investment risks and matching the actuarial projections of the plans' future liabilities and benefit payments with current as well as expected long-term rates of return on the assets, taking into account investment return volatility and correlations across asset classes. Plan assets are diversified across several investment managers and are generally invested in liquid funds that are selected to track broad market equity and bond indices. Investment risk is carefully controlled with plan assets rebalanced to target allocations on a periodic basis and with continual monitoring of investment managers' performance relative to the investment guidelines established with each investment manager.
Our target asset allocation for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, and actual asset allocation by asset category as of June 30,