determinable lives consist of brands, patents, technology and customer relationships. The intangible assets with indefinite lives primarily consist of brands. The amortization expense of determinable-lived intangible assets for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, was $
78
and $
83
, respectively. For the nine months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, amortization expense was $
241
and $
255
, respectively.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are tested at least annually for impairment. We use the income method to estimate the fair value of these assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. When appropriate, the market approach, which leverages comparable company revenue and earnings multiples, is weighted with the income approach to estimate fair value. If the resulting fair value is less than the asset's carrying value, that difference represents an impairment. Our annual impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets occurs during the three months ended December 31. Other than our Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset, our goodwill reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets have fair values that significantly exceed their underlying carrying values.
As previously disclosed, the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was impaired during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. The impairment charge arose due to a higher discount rate, weakening of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the impact of a new restructuring program focused primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria. Following the impairment charge, the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was equivalent to the estimated fair value as of December 31, 2023.
Based on our impairment testing performed during the three months ended December 31, 2024, the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset's fair value exceeds its carrying value by greater than
10
%. As of March 31, 2025, the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was $
12.8
billion. Adverse changes in the business or in the macroeconomic environment, including foreign currency devaluation, increasing global inflation, or market contraction from an economic recession, could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate the fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset and trigger a further impairment charge.
The most significant assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset are the net sales growth rates (including residual growth rates), discount rate and royalty rates.
Net sales growth rates could be negatively impacted by reductions or changes in demand for our Gillette products, which may be caused by, among other things: changes in the use and frequency of grooming products,