$14.9 billion.
Diluted EPS increased $0.12, or 2%, to $6.02 due primarily to the increase in net earnings.
SEGMENT RESULTS
Segment results reflect information on the same basis we use for internal management reporting and performance evaluation. The results of these reportable segments do not include certain non-business unit specific costs which are reported in our Corporate segment and are included as part of our Corporate segment discussion. Additionally, we apply blended statutory tax rates in the segments. Eliminations to adjust segment results to arrive at our consolidated effective tax rate are included in Corporate. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on items included in the Corporate segment.
(1)
Net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently applied.
(2)
Other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales.
BEAUTY
Beauty net sales increased 1% to $15.2 billion as the positive impact of higher pricing of 4% was partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 2% and an unfavorable mix of 1% (due primarily to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand, which has higher than segment-average selling prices). Unit volume was unchanged. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 3%. Global market share of the Beauty segment increased 0.1 points.
•
Hair Care net sales increased mid-single digits. Positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by Latin America, Europe and North America), a net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures and favorable brand mix (due to growth of the premium Native brand) were partially offset by negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange. Unit volume was unchanged as growth in Latin America (due to market growth), North America and Asia Pacific (both due to innovation) was offset by a decline in Greater China (due to market contraction and distribution footprint changes). Organic sales increased high single digits due to an approximately 30% growth in Latin America, double-digit increases in North America and Europe, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the hair care category decreased 0.2 points.
•
Skin and Personal Care net sales decreased low single digits. Negative impacts of unfavorable mix (due to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand, which has higher than category-average selling prices) and unfavorable foreign exchange
22        The Procter & Gamble Company
were partially offset by the positive impacts of higher pricing (across all regions) and an increase in unit volume. The unit volume increase was driven by growth in North America and Europe (both due to innovation in Personal Care), partially offset by a decline in Greater China (due to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand and market