paid in shares after the end of a
three-year
performance period subject to pre-established performance goals. The program includes a Relative Total Shareholder Return (R-TSR) modifier under which the number of shares ultimately granted is also impacted by the Company's actual shareholder return relative to our consumer products competitive peer set.
In addition to these long-term incentive programs, we award RSUs to the Company's non-employee directors and make other minor stock option and RSU grants to employees for which the terms are not substantially different from our long-term incentive awards.
The Company's share-based compensation plan was approved by shareholders in 2019. Under the 2019 plan, a maximum of
150
million shares of common stock was authorized for issuance and a total of
77
million shares remain available for grant.
The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the awards at the date of grant. The expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Awards to employees eligible for retirement prior to the award becoming fully vested are recognized as compensation expense ratably from the grant date through the date the employee first becomes eligible to retire and/or is no longer required to provide services to earn the award. Share-based compensation expense is included as part of Cost of products sold and SG&A in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and includes an estimate of forfeitures, which is based on historical data.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
52        The Procter & Gamble Company
Total expense and related recognized tax benefit were as follows:
We utilize an industry standard lattice-based valuation model to calculate the fair value for stock options granted.
Assumptions utilized in the model, which are evaluated and revised to reflect market conditions and experience, were as follows:
Lattice-based option valuation models incorporate ranges of assumptions for inputs and those ranges are disclosed in the preceding table. Expected volatilities are based on a combination of historical volatility of our stock and implied volatilities of call options on our stock. We use historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination patterns within the valuation model. The expected life of options granted is derived from the output of the option valuation model and represents the average period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
We utilize a Monte-Carlo simulation model to estimate the fair value of performance stock units granted. Assumptions utilized in the model are not substantially different from those used for stock options.
A summary of options outstanding under the plans as of June 30, 2024, and activity during