customers’ needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements, including for issues such as labor disputes or controversies, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, discontinuity or disruptions in our internal information
The Procter & Gamble Company        5
and data systems or those of our suppliers, cybersecurity incidents including but not limited to ransomware attacks, misuse of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, inability to procure sufficient raw or input materials (including water, recycled materials and materials that meet our labor standards), significant changes in trade policy, natural disasters, increasing severity or frequency of extreme weather events due to climate change or otherwise, acts of war or terrorism, disease outbreaks or other external factors over which we have no control, have at times interrupted and could, in the future, interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results.
Our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in the prices of commodities (including certain petroleum-derived materials like resins and paper-based materials like pulp) and raw and packaging materials and the costs of labor, transportation (including trucks and containers), energy, pension and healthcare. Inflation pressures sometimes result in increases in these input costs. Therefore, our business results depend, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost saving projects and sourcing decisions, while maintaining and improving margins and market share. Failure to manage these fluctuations and to anticipate consumer reaction to our management of these fluctuations could adversely impact our results of operations or cash flows.
The ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels.
The consumer products industry is highly competitive. Across all of our categories, we compete against a wide variety of global and local competitors. As a result, we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, which may result in challenges in maintaining sales and profit margins. To address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends, including pricing, promotional incentives, product delivery windows and trade terms. In addition, evolving sales channels and business models may affect customer and consumer