reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of our operations or financial condition. For additional information on the risks from cybersecurity threats that we have faced in the past and expect to continue to face in the future, please refer to the “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
Governance
The Company’s Board of Directors oversees cybersecurity risks consistent with its general risk oversight responsibility. The Audit Committee of the Board has specific responsibility for reviewing the status of the security of the Company’s electronic data processing information systems and the general security, including cybersecurity, of the Company’s people, assets and information systems. In support of this general oversight, the full Board reviews at least annually the most significant enterprise risks facing the Company, including cybersecurity risks, as identified in the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management program. This review, which includes key members of senior management, covers any key risks from information security that have been identified and corresponding action plans. The Audit Committee also receives regular updates from the Company’s CIO and CISO about the Company’s information security and systems security programs and plans, including emerging trends and progress on overall enterprise cybersecurity programs and priorities. These updates occur at least three times a year, with interim updates as needed.
The Company’s management is responsible for implementing its strategic plans, including identifying, evaluating, managing and mitigating the risks inherent in them, such as cybersecurity risks. Within management, the Company’s CISO has specific responsibility for cybersecurity risk management, reporting to the CIO.
The Company’s CISO has over 15 years of experience in cybersecurity, information security and information risk management, including several years each in security engineering and in operations, as well as running incident response organizations. The CISO's organization includes a dedicated team of centralized information security experts and a network of security professionals embedded in each business unit and function.
The CISO also leads the design and development of the Company’s cybersecurity program, relying on functional experts within the central Information Security organization as well as on information security experts within each of the Company’s Organizational Units. These embedded experts are responsible for the execution of the Company’s overall information security strategy and report security risks in their area of responsibility to their Organization Unit leader and to the CISO. Experts within the Company’s central Information Security organization help develop the Company’s cybersecurity strategies, policies and standards and similarly report security risks within the central enterprise to the CISO.
10        The Procter & Gamble Company
A central team within the