anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and antitrust and competition laws and regulations that govern our dealings with suppliers, customers, competitors and government officials.
In addition, many foreign jurisdictions in which we do business have regulations and regulatory bodies that govern similar aspects of our operations and products, in some cases to an even more significant degree. We are also subject to expanding laws and regulations related to environmental protection and other sustainability-related matters, non-financial reporting and diligence, labor and employment, trade, taxation and privacy and data protection, including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and similar regulations in states within the United States and in countries around the world.
The Company has in place compliance programs and internal and external experts to help guide our business in complying with these and other existing laws and regulations that apply to us around the globe; and we have made, and plan to continue making, necessary expenditures for compliance with these laws and regulations. We also expect that our many suppliers, consultants and other third parties working on our behalf share our commitment to compliance, and we have policies and procedures in place to manage these relationships, though they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over operations and governance. We do not expect that the Company’s expenditures for compliance with current government regulations, including current environmental regulations, will have a material effect on our total capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position in fiscal year 2025 as compared to prior periods.
Human Capital
. Our employees are a key source of competitive advantage. Their actions, guided by our Purpose, Values and Principles (PVPs), are critical to the long-term success of our business. We aim to retain our talented employees by offering competitive compensation and benefits, strong career development and a respectful and inclusive culture that provides equal opportunity for all.
Our Board of Directors, through the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee (C&LD Committee), provides oversight of the Company’s policies and strategy relating to talent, including equality and inclusion, as well as the Company’s compensation principles and practices. The C&LD Committee also evaluates and approves the Company’s compensation plans, policies and programs applicable to our senior executives.
Employees
As of June 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 108,000 employees, unchanged versus the prior year. The total number of employees is an estimate of total Company employees excluding interns, co-ops, contractors and employees of joint ventures. 48% of our employees are in manufacturing roles and 28% of our employees are located in the United States. 42% of our global employees are women and 32% of our U.S.