intellectual property rights of others and to continue to deliver efficient and effective marketing across evolving media and mobile platforms with dynamic and increasingly more restrictive privacy requirements. We must also successfully respond to technological advances made by, and intellectual property rights granted to, competitors, customers and vendors. Failure to continually innovate, improve and respond to competitive moves, changing consumer habits and platform evolution, including the timely and effective adoption of emerging technologies, could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
We must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities.
As a company that manages a portfolio of consumer brands, our ongoing business model includes a certain level of acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities, while at the same time delivering against our business objectives. Specifically, our financial results have been, and in the future could be, adversely impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated with divested brands or dissolution of joint ventures. Our results of operations and cash flows have been, and in the future could also be, impacted by acquisitions or joint venture activities, if: 1) changes in the cash flows or other market-based assumptions cause the value of acquired assets to fall below book value, or 2) we are not able to deliver the expected cost and growth synergies associated with such acquisitions and joint ventures, including as a result of integration and collaboration challenges, which could also result in an impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change, including attracting and retaining key talent as part of our overall succession planning.
Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments and employee departures. Failure to deliver these planned productivity improvements and cost savings, while continuing to
8        The Procter & Gamble Company
invest in business growth, could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, successfully executing organizational change, management transitions at leadership levels of the Company and motivation and retention of key employees is critical to our business success. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers and availability of qualified individuals. Our success depends on identifying, developing and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. This includes