committed to our Purpose, Values and Principles, which unite us in doing what’s right. Our system of internal controls includes written policies and procedures, segregation of duties and the careful selection and development of employees. Additional key elements of our internal control structure include our Global Leadership Council, which is actively involved in oversight of the business strategies, initiatives, results and controls, our Disclosure Committee, which is responsible for evaluating disclosure implications of significant business activities and events, our Board of Directors, which provides strong and effective corporate governance, and our Audit Committee, which reviews critical accounting policies and estimates, financial reporting and internal control matters.
Global Internal Audit performs audits of internal controls over financial reporting as well as broader financial, operational and compliance audits around the world, provides training and continually improves our internal control processes. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting also includes a robust Control Self-Assessment Program that is conducted annually on critical financial reporting areas of the Company. Management takes the appropriate action to correct any identified control deficiencies.
Because of its inherent limitations, any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, may not prevent or detect misstatements due to the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden or that misstatements due to error or fraud may occur that are not detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024, using criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024, based on these criteria.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024, as stated in their report which is included herein.
The Procter & Gamble Company        33
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of The Procter & Gamble Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of The Procter & Gamble Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive Income, Shareholders’ Equity and Cash Flows, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion,