equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. We lease certain real estate, machinery, equipment, vehicles and office equipment for varying periods. Many of these leases include an option to either renew or terminate the lease. For purposes of calculating lease liabilities, these options are included within the lease term when it has become reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. The incremental borrowing rate utilized to calculate our lease liabilities is based on the information available at commencement date, as most of the leases do not provide an implicit borrowing rate. Our operating lease agreements do not contain any material guarantees or restrictive covenants. The Company does not have any material finance leases or sublease activities. Short-term leases, defined
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        63
as leases with initial terms of 12 months or less, are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Lease expense for such short-term leases is not material. The most significant assets in our leasing portfolio relate to real estate and vehicles. For purposes of calculating lease liabilities for such leases, we have combined lease and non-lease components.
The components of the Company’s total operating lease cost for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were as follows:
(1)
Includes primarily costs for utilities, common area maintenance, property taxes and other operating costs associated with operating leases that are not included in the lease liability and are recognized in the period in which they are incurred.
Supplemental balance sheet and other information related to leases is as follows:
At June 30, 2024, future payments of operating lease liabilities were as follows:
Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was $
255
and $
233
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities were $
357
and $
213
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
NOTE 13
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Guarantees
In conjunction with certain transactions, primarily divestitures, we may provide routine indemnifications (e.g., indemnification for representations and warranties and retention of previously existing environmental, tax and employee liabilities) for which terms range in duration and, in some circumstances, are not explicitly defined. The maximum obligation under some
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
64        The Procter & Gamble Company
indemnifications is also not explicitly stated and, as a result, the overall amount of these obligations cannot be reasonably estimated. We have not made significant payments for these indemnifications. We believe that if we were to incur a loss on any of these matters, the loss would