amounts related to suppliers participating in SCF are recorded within Accounts payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The amount due to suppliers participating in SCF and included in
Accounts payable
was approximately $
5.6
billion as of March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024.
11.
Restructuring Program
The Company has historically incurred an ongoing annual level of restructuring-type activities to maintain a competitive cost structure, including manufacturing and workforce optimization. Before tax costs incurred under the ongoing program have generally ranged from $
250
to $
500
annually. Consistent with our historical policies for restructuring-type activities, the restructuring program charges will be funded by and included within Corporate for management and segment reporting.
In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company started a limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria, to address challenging macroeconomic and fiscal conditions. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed this limited market portfolio restructuring with the substantial liquidation of its operations in Argentina and recorded approximately $
0.8
billion after tax of incremental charges, comprised primarily of non-cash charges for accumulated foreign currency translation losses previously included in Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). The total incremental restructuring charges incurred under the program beginning in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, through the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, were approximately $
1.2
billion after tax.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company incurred total before tax charges of $
55
including $
23
in Costs of products sold, $
26
in SG&A and $
6
in Other non-operating income/(expense). For the nine months ended March 31, 2025, the Company incurred charges of $
987
including $
91
in Costs of products sold, $
105
in SG&A and $
791
in Other non-operating income/(expense).
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.
The Procter & Gamble Company        13
The following table presents restructuring activity for the nine months ended March 31, 2025:
Separation Costs
Employee separation costs relate to severance packages that are primarily voluntary and the amounts calculated are based on salary levels and past service periods.
Asset-Related Costs
Asset-related costs consist of both asset write-downs and accelerated depreciation for manufacturing consolidations. Asset write-downs relate to the establishment of a new fair value basis for assets held-for-sale or for disposal. These assets are written down to the lower of their current carrying basis or amounts expected to be realized upon disposal, less minor disposal costs.