currently available information, we do not believe the ultimate resolution of environmental remediation will materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Income Tax Uncertainties
The Company is present in about
70
countries and over
150
taxable jurisdictions and, at any point in time, has
30
–
40
jurisdictional audits underway at various stages of completion. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities for uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by local authorities and may not be fully sustained, despite our belief that the underlying tax positions are fully supportable. Uncertain tax positions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, including progress of tax audits, developments in case law and closing of statutes of limitations. Such adjustments are reflected in the tax provision as appropriate. We have tax years open ranging from 2010 and forward. We are generally not able to reliably estimate the timing and ultimate settlement amounts until the close of an audit. Based on information currently available, we anticipate over the next 12-month period, audit activity could be completed related to uncertain tax positions in multiple jurisdictions for which we have accrued liabilities of approximately $
50
, including interest and penalties.
Additional information on the Commitments and Contingencies of the Company can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024.
10.
Supplier Finance Programs
The Company has an ongoing program to negotiate extended payment terms with its suppliers consistent with market practices. The Company also supports a Supply Chain Finance program (“SCF”) with several global financial institutions. Under SCF, the Company maintains an accounts payable system to facilitate participating suppliers' ability to sell receivables from the Company to a SCF bank. These participating suppliers negotiate their sales of receivables arrangements directly with the respective SCF bank. The Company is not party to those agreements, but the SCF banks allow the suppliers to utilize the Company’s creditworthiness in establishing credit spreads and associated costs. Under this model, this arrangement generally provides the suppliers with more favorable terms than they would be able to secure on their own. The Company has no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to sell a receivable. Once a qualifying supplier chooses to participate in SCF, the supplier selects which individual Company invoices to sell to the SCF bank. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including the amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by the supplier’s decisions to finance amounts under these arrangements. The Company does not provide any form of guarantee under these financing arrangements. Our payment terms for suppliers under this program generally range from
60
to
180
days. All outstanding