not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
In certain situations, we guarantee loans for suppliers and customers. The total amount of guarantees issued under such arrangements is not material.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, that have a material impact on our financial statements.
Purchase Commitments
We have purchase commitments for materials, supplies, services and property, plant and equipment as part of the normal course of business.
Commitments made under take-or-pay obligations are as follows:
Such amounts represent minimum commitments under take-or-pay agreements with suppliers and are in line with expected usage. These amounts include purchase commitments related to service contracts for information technology, human resources management and facilities management activities that have been outsourced to third-party suppliers. Due to the proprietary nature of many of our materials and processes, certain supply contracts contain penalty provisions for early termination. We do not expect to incur penalty payments under these provisions that would materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Litigation
We are subject, from time to time, to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, which cover a wide range of matters, including antitrust and trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental, patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters and tax. While considerable uncertainty exists, in the opinion of management and our counsel, the ultimate resolution of the various lawsuits and claims will not materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
We are also subject to contingencies pursuant to environmental laws and regulations that in the future may require us to take action to correct the effects on the environment of prior manufacturing and waste disposal practices. Based on currently available information, we do not believe the ultimate resolution of environmental remediation will materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
NOTE 14
SUPPLIER FINANCE PROGRAMS
The Company has an ongoing program to negotiate extended payment terms with its suppliers consistent with market practices. The Company also supports a Supply Chain Finance program (“SCF”) with several global financial institutions. Under SCF, the Company maintains an accounts payable system to facilitate participating suppliers' ability to sell receivables from the Company to a SCF bank. These participating suppliers negotiate their sales of receivables arrangements directly with the respective SCF bank. The Company is not party to those agreements, but the SCF banks allow the suppliers to utilize the Company’s creditworthiness in establishing credit spreads and associated costs. Under this