million, or 5%, to $12.4 billion, as the increase in operating income, the components of which are described above, were partially offset by the non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina recorded in the period ended September 30, 2024. Foreign exchange had a negative impact of approximately $58 million on net earnings for the period, including both transactional and translational impacts from converting earnings from foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars. Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble increased $617 million, or 5%, to $12.4 billion for the period. Diluted EPS increased 6% to $5.03 versus the prior year period due to the increase in net earnings. Core EPS, which represents diluted EPS excluding charges for incremental restructuring and the impairment of the Gillette intangible asset, increased 3% to $5.35.
SEGMENT RESULTS – Three and Nine Months Ended March 31, 2025
The following discussion provides a review of results by reportable business segment. Analysis of the results for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2025, is provided based on a comparison to the three and nine months ended March 31, 2024. The primary financial measures used to evaluate segment performance are net sales and net earnings. The table below provides supplemental information on net sales, earnings before income taxes and net earnings by reportable business segment for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2025, versus the comparable prior year period (dollar amounts in millions):
Beauty
Three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with three
months ended March 31, 2024
Beauty net sales decreased 2% to $3.5 billion, as unfavorable foreign exchange of 3% and unfavorable geographic mix of 2% were partially offset by positive impacts of higher pricing of 3%. Unit volume was unchanged. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 2% and organic volume increased 1%. Global market share of the Beauty segment decreased 0.4 points.
•
Hair Care net sales decreased mid-single digits. Negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange, divestitures and a unit volume decrease were partially offset by positive impacts of favorable product mix and higher pricing (primarily in Latin America and North America). The volume decrease was driven by a decline in Greater China (due to market contraction and the impact of divestitures), partially offset by growth in Latin America and North America (both due to market growth). Organic sales were unchanged as a high single-digit growth in Latin America and a mid-single-digit growth in North America were offset by a double-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the Hair Care category decreased 1 point.
•
Personal Care net sales increased high single digits. Positive impacts of an increase in unit volume and higher pricing (primarily in North America) were partially offset