1837 by William Procter and James Gamble.
Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD&A); and Notes 1 and 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms "Company," "P&G," "we," "our" or "us" as used herein refer to The Procter & Gamble Company (the registrant) and its subsidiaries. Throughout this Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference information from other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, are filed electronically with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains these reports at: www.sec.gov. Reports can also be accessed and downloaded through links from our website at: www.pginvestor.com. P&G includes the website link solely as a textual reference and the information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. Copies of these reports are also available, without charge, by contacting EQ Shareowner Services, 1100 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota, MN 55120-4100.
Financial Information about Segments
Information about our reportable segments can be found in the MD&A and Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Narrative Description of Business
Business Model
. Our business model is focused on delivering sustainable value creation by driving balanced top- and bottom-line growth. We create, manufacture, market and distribute a diversified portfolio of daily-use products to delight consumers with irresistible superiority across five key vectors - product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value. We invest in research and development and consumer insights to invent new categories or products and innovate our existing products, ensuring they meet evolving consumer needs and preferences. We leverage marketing strategies including advertising, promotions and endorsements to drive brand awareness and loyalty among consumers. The Company utilizes various distribution channels, including retail stores, e-commerce platforms and direct-to-consumer platforms to deliver our products. Our business model relies on continued productivity improvements to fuel investments in R&D and marketing and deliver value creation. Our objective is to deliver sustainable and balanced top- and bottom-line growth while serving the needs of all stakeholders — consumers, customers, employees, society and shareowners.
Key Product Categories
. Information on key product categories can be found in the MD&A and Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Key Customers
. Our customers include mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free