additional details on our defined benefit pension and OPRB plans.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill reporting units and intangible assets. Accordingly, we typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists for significant goodwill reporting units and intangible assets. Determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment. Certain brand intangible assets are expected to have
28        The Procter & Gamble Company
indefinite lives based on their history and our plans to continue to support and build the acquired brands. Other acquired intangible assets (e.g., certain brands, customer relationships, patents and technologies) are expected to have determinable useful lives. Our assessment as to brands that have an indefinite life and those that have a determinable life is based on a number of factors including competitive environment, market share, brand history, underlying product life cycles, operating plans and the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the brands are sold. Determinable-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. An impairment assessment for determinable-lived intangibles is only required when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are tested at least annually for impairment. We use the income method to estimate the fair value of these assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. When appropriate, the market approach, which leverages comparable company revenue and earnings multiples, is weighted with the income approach to estimate fair value. If the resulting fair value is less than the asset's carrying value, that difference represents an impairment. Our annual impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets occurs during the three months ended December 31. Other than our Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset, our goodwill reporting units and our indefinite-lived intangible assets have fair values that significantly exceed their underlying carrying values.
During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, we determined the fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was less than its carrying value. As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) to reduce the carrying amount to be equivalent to the estimated fair value. As of June 30, 2024, the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was $12.8 billion. The impairment charge arose due to a higher discount rate, weakening of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the impact of a new restructuring program focused primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria.
While we have