impacts of the net sales increase and productivity savings.
•
Overhead costs as a percentage of net sales increased 20 basis points due to wage inflation and other cost increases, partially offset by the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase and productivity savings.
Productivity-driven cost savings delivered 60 basis points of benefit to SG&A as a percentage of net sales.
In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette intangible asset. The impairment charge arose from a reduction in the estimated fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset due to a higher discount rate, weakening of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the impact of the limited market portfolio restructuring program. For further discussion of the Gillette impairment charge, refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Operating margin was unchanged at 22.1% as the increase in gross margin was more than fully offset by the increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales and the non-cash impairment charge, as discussed above.
Operating income increased $411 million, or 2%, to $18.5 billion due to the increase in net sales, as discussed above.
Non-Operating Items
•
Interest expense was $925 million, an increase of $169 million versus the prior year due primarily to higher interest rates.
•
Interest income was $473 million, an increase of $166 million versus the prior year due primarily to higher interest rates.
•
Other non-operating income was unchanged at $668 million as gains from the sale of minor brands and an increase in net non-operating benefits on postretirement plans were fully offset by a non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria.
The Procter & Gamble Company        21
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate for fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, was 20.2%, compared to 19.7% for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by unfavorable geographic mix impacts, partially offset by decreases due to higher excess tax benefits of share-based compensation.
Net Earnings
Earnings before income taxes increased $408 million, or 2%, to $18.8 billion due to the increase in operating income discussed above. Net earnings increased $236 million, or 2%, to $15.0 billion due to the increase in earnings before income taxes, partially offset by the increase in the effective income tax rate discussed above.
Foreign exchange impacts reduced net earnings by approximately $589 million due to a weakening of certain currencies against the U.S. dollar. This impact includes both transactional charges and translational impacts from converting earnings from foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars.
Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble increased $226 million, or 2%, to