$500 million before tax. On December 5, 2023, the Company announced an incremental limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria.
In fiscal 2024, the Company incurred before tax restructuring costs of $659 million, which include foreign currency translation losses recognized as a non-cash charge of approximately $216 million due to the substantial liquidation of operations in certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria. Restructuring accruals of $166 million as of June 30, 2024, are classified as current liabilities. Excluding the non-cash charges of foreign currency translation losses for certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria, approximately 64% of the restructuring charges incurred in fiscal 2024 either have been or will be settled with cash. Consistent with our policies for restructuring-type activities, the resulting charges are funded by and included within Corporate for segment reporting.
Savings generated from the Company's restructuring program are difficult to estimate, given the nature of the activities, the timing of the execution and the degree of reinvestment. In addition to our restructuring programs, we have additional ongoing savings efforts in our supply chain, marketing and overhead areas that yield additional benefits to our operating margins. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on the restructuring program.
CASH FLOW, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY
We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates.
Operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures. Excess operating cash is used first to fund shareholder dividends. Other discretionary uses include share repurchases and acquisitions to complement our portfolio of businesses, brands and geographies. As necessary, we may supplement operating cash flow with debt to fund these activities. The overall cash position of the Company reflects our strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors and tax considerations.
The Procter & Gamble Company        25
Cash Flow Analysis
Operating Cash Flow
Operating cash flow was $19.8 billion in 2024, an 18% increase versus the prior year. Net earnings, adjusted for certain non-cash items (depreciation and amortization, intangible asset impairment, share-based compensation expense, deferred income taxes and gain on sale of assets) generated approximately $19.3 billion of operating cash flow. Working capital and other impacts generated $533 million of cash in the period primarily driven by an increase in trade payables and other non-cash add-backs, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable and a decrease in post-