discussed below, have not changed materially versus the previous reporting period. In addition, we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would significantly impact such exposures in the near term.
Interest Rate Exposure.
We are exposed to interest rate movements due to our long and short-term borrowing program. Interest rate swaps are used to manage exposures to interest rates on underlying debt obligations. Certain interest rate swaps denominated in foreign currencies are designated to hedge exposures to currency exchange rate movements on our investments in foreign operations. These currency interest rate swaps are designated as hedges of the Company's foreign net investments.
Based on our interest rate exposure as of and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, including derivative and other instruments sensitive to interest rates, we believe a near-term change in interest rates, at a 95% confidence level based on historical interest rate movements, would not materially affect our financial statements.
Currency Rate Exposure.
Because we manufacture and sell products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world, we are exposed to movements in currency exchange rates. We leverage the Company’s diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge. Corporate policy prescribes the range of allowable hedging activity. To manage the exchange rate risk associated with the financing of our operations, we primarily use forward contracts and currency swaps with maturities of less than 18 months.
Based on our currency rate exposure on derivative and other instruments as of and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, we believe, at a 95% confidence level based on historical currency rate movements, the impact on such instruments of a near-term change in currency rates would not materially affect our financial statements.
Commodity Price Exposure.
We use raw materials that are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. We may use futures, options and swap contracts to manage the volatility related to the above exposures. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not have any financial commodity hedging activity.
Measures Not Defined By U.S. GAAP
In accordance with the SEC's Regulation S-K Item 10(e), the following provides definitions of non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the most closely related GAAP measure. We believe that these measures provide useful perspective on underlying business trends (i.e., trends excluding non-recurring or unusual items) and results and provide a supplemental measure of year-on-year results. The non-GAAP measures described below are used by management in making operating decisions, allocating financial resources and for business strategy purposes. These measures may be useful to investors, as they provide supplemental information about business performance and provide