results through the eyes of management. These measures are also used to evaluate senior management and are a factor in determining their at-risk compensation. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be considered by the user in place of the related GAAP measures but rather as supplemental information to our business results. These non-GAAP measures may not be the same as similar measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items or events being adjusted.
Organic sales growth.
Organic sales growth is a non-GAAP measure of sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. We believe this measure provides investors with a supplemental understanding of underlying sales trends by providing sales growth on a consistent basis. This measure is used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation.
26        The Procter & Gamble Company
The following tables provide a numerical reconciliation of organic sales growth to reported net sales growth:
Adjusted free cash flow.
Adjusted free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the U.S. Tax Act. Adjusted free cash flow represents the cash that the Company is able to generate after taking into account planned maintenance and asset expansion. We view adjusted free cash flow as an important measure because it is one factor used in determining the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments.
The following table provides a numerical reconciliation of adjusted free cash flow ($ millions):
Adjusted free cash flow productivity.
Adjusted free cash flow productivity is defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings excluding a non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina. We view adjusted free cash flow productivity as a useful measure to help investors understand P&G’s ability to generate cash. Adjusted free cash flow productivity is used by management in making operating decisions, in allocating financial resources and for budget planning purposes. This measure is also used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation.
The following table provides a numerical reconciliation of adjusted free cash flow productivity ($ millions):
Core EPS.
Core EPS is a measure of the Company's diluted EPS excluding items that are not judged by management to be part of the Company's sustainable results or trends. Management views this non-GAAP measure as a useful supplemental measure of Company performance over time. This measure is also used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. The Core earnings measures included in the following reconciliation tables refer to the equivalent GAAP