of favorable product mix (due to growth of premium paste and power brushes, which have higher than category-average selling prices) and higher pricing (driven by Latin America, Europe and North America), partially offset by a decrease in unit volume. The unit volume decrease was due to a decline in Latin America and Greater China (both due to share losses) partially offset by growth in North America and Europe (both due to market growth). Organic sales also increased mid-single digits due to a double-digit increase in Europe and a mid-single-digit increase in North America partially offset by a low single-digit decline in Greater China.  Global market share of the oral care category increased 0.1 points.
•
Personal Health Care net sales increased mid-single digits due to the positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by North America, Latin America and Europe) and favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by unfavorable mix (due to the decline of respiratory products that have higher than category-average selling prices) and a decrease in unit volume. The unit volume decrease was due to declines in Latin America and IMEA (both due to market contraction including lower cough and cold incidence), partially offset by growth in North America (due to innovation). Organic sales increased low single digits due to mid-single-digit growth in Europe and North America, partially offset by a low single-digit decline in Asia Pacific. Global market share of the personal health care category increased 0.7 points.
The Procter & Gamble Company        23
Net earnings increased 6% to $2.3 billion due to the increase in net sales and a 20 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin increase was driven by higher pricing and productivity savings, partially offset by unfavorable product mix (due to a decline in respiratory products, which have higher than segment-average gross margins). SG&A as a percentage of net sales increased due to increased marketing spending, partially offset by the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase.
FABRIC & HOME CARE
Fabric & Home Care net sales increased 4% to $29.5 billion driven by higher pricing of 3%, favorable mix of 1% and a 1% increase in unit volume, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 1%. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased 5%. Global market share of the Fabric & Home Care segment was unchanged.
•
Fabric Care net sales increased low single digits driven by the positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America, partially offset by increased trade spending in North America) and favorable geographic mix (due to disproportionate growth in North America, which has higher than category-average selling prices). Unit volume was unchanged as growth in North