measures adjusted as applicable for the following items:
•
Incremental restructuring:
The Company has historically had an ongoing level of restructuring activities of approximately $250 - $500 million before tax. In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company started a limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria, to address challenging macroeconomic and fiscal conditions. During the period ended September 30,
The Procter & Gamble Company        27
2024, the Company completed this limited market portfolio restructuring with the substantial liquidation of its operations in Argentina. The adjustment to Core earnings includes the restructuring charges that exceed the normal, recurring level of restructuring charges.
•
Intangible asset impairment:
In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recognized a non-cash, after-tax impairment charge of $1.0 billion ($1.3 billion before tax) to adjust the carrying value of the Gillette intangible asset acquired as part of the Company's 2005 acquisition of The Gillette Company.
We do not view the above items to be part of our sustainable results, and their exclusion from core earnings measures provides a more comparable measure of year-on-year results. These items are also excluded when evaluating senior management in determining their at-risk compensation.
28        The Procter & Gamble Company
There have been no material changes in the Company’s exposure to market risk since June 30, 2024. Additional information can be found in Note 9, Risk Management Activities and Fair Value Measurements, of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company’s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jon R. Moeller, and the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten, performed an evaluation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Messrs. Moeller and Schulten have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including Messrs. Moeller and Schulten, to allow their timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company’s fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
PART II. OTHER