Resources, Beauty, Grooming, and Family Care (2015 - 2020).
(10)
Ms. Whaley previously served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel - North America, Practice Groups and Sector Business Units (2019 - 2022), and Vice President and General Counsel - North America, Global Go-To-Market and Practice Groups, and Global Business Units (2016 - 2019).
12        The Procter & Gamble Company
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
(1)
All transactions are reported on a trade date basis and were made in the open market with large financial institutions. This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy tax withholding requirements on option exercises and other equity-based transactions. The Company administers cashless exercises through an independent third party and does not repurchase stock in connection with cashless exercises.
(2)
Average price paid per share for open market transactions excludes commission.
(3)
In accordance with the repurchase program announced on July 28, 2023, the Company reaffirmed in its earnings release on April 19, 2024, that it expected to reduce outstanding shares through direct share repurchases at a value of $5 to $6 billion in fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding any purchases under the Company's compensation and benefit plans. The share repurchases were authorized pursuant to a resolution issued by the Company's Board of Directors and were financed through a combination of operating cash flows and issuance of debt. The total value of the shares purchased under the share repurchase plan was $5 billion. The share repurchase plan ended on June 30, 2024.
Additional information required by this item can be found in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K.
SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE GRAPHS
Market and Dividend Information
P&G has been paying a dividend for 134 consecutive years since its incorporation in 1890 and has increased its dividend for 68 consecutive years since 1956. Over the past ten years, the dividend has increased at an annual compound average rate of 5%. Nevertheless, as in the past, further dividends will be considered after reviewing dividend yields, profitability and cash flow expectations and financing needs and will be declared at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors.
The Procter & Gamble Company        13
Common Stock Information
P&G trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol PG. As of June 30, 2024, there were approximately 6 million common stock shareowners, including shareowners of record, participants in P&G stock ownership plans and beneficial owners with accounts at banks and brokerage firms.
Shareholder Return
The following graph compares the cumulative total return of P&G’s common stock for the five-year period ended June 30, 2024, against the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Stock Index (broad market comparison) and the S&P 500