(driven by Latin America and Europe), partially offset by the negative impact of unfavorable foreign exchange. The unit volume increase was primarily due to growth in North America (due to the later peak in the respiratory season) and IMEA (due to innovation). Organic sales increased high single digits driven by low-teens growth in Latin America and high single-digit growth in North America. Global market share of the Personal Health Care category increased 0.4 points.
Net earnings increased 8% to $569 million due to a 140 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin, a decrease in SG&A as a percentage of net sales and a lower effective tax rate. The gross margin increase was driven primarily by productivity savings and higher pricing, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix. SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to a decline in marketing spending. The lower effective tax rate was driven by favorable geographic mix.
Nine months ended March 31, 2025, compared with nine months ended March 31, 2024
Health Care net sales increased 2% to $9.3 billion driven by favorable geographic and product mix of 3% and higher pricing of 1%, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 1% and a 1% decrease in unit volume. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 3% and organic volume was unchanged. Global market share of the Health Care segment increased 0.2 points.
•
Oral Care net sales increased low single digits due to the positive impacts of favorable product mix (due to growth of premium paste and power brushes, which have higher than category-average selling prices), partially offset by a decline in unit volume and unfavorable foreign exchange. The unit volume decrease was due to a decline in Greater China (due to market contraction and increased competitive activity) and IMEA (due to share losses), partially offset by growth in North America (due to market growth and innovation). Organic sales also increased low single digits due to a high single-digit increase in Europe and a low single-digit increase in North America, partially offset by mid-teens decreases in Greater China and IMEA. Global market share of the Oral Care category increased 0.1 points.
•
Personal Health Care net sales increased low single digits due to a unit volume increase and the positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by Latin America and Europe) and favorable geographic mix, partially offset by the negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange. The increase in unit volume was driven by growth in North America (due to distribution gains), partially offset by a decline in IMEA (due to market contraction and increased competitive activity). Organic sales increased mid-single digits due to a high single-digit growth in Latin America and a mid-single-digit growth in both North America and Europe. Global market share of the Personal Health