retirement benefit accruals. The increase in trade payables is primarily from increased marketing support activities and extended payment terms with suppliers, partially offset by lower supply chain payables due to a decrease in commodity costs. Other non-cash add-backs include the non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria. The increase in Accounts Receivable is primarily from sales growth. The decrease in post-retirement benefit accruals is due to payments and the net periodic credit from other retiree benefits. Days sales outstanding increased by two days. Days inventory on hand increased by two days.
Adjusted Free Cash Flow.
We view adjusted free cash flow as an important non-GAAP measure because it is a factor impacting the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. It is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the U.S. Tax Act. Adjusted free cash flow is one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and determine their at-risk compensation.
Adjusted free cash flow was $16.9 billion in 2024, an increase of 21% versus the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by the increase in operating cash flows as discussed above. Adjusted free cash flow productivity, defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings excluding the Gillette intangible asset impairment charge and non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria, was 105% in 2024.
Investing Cash Flow
Net investing activities used $3.5 billion of cash in 2024, primarily due to capital expenditures and the settlement of net investment hedges.
Financing Cash Flow
Net financing activities used $14.9 billion of cash in 2024, mainly due to dividends to shareholders, treasury stock purchases and a net debt decrease, partially offset by the impact of stock options and other.
Liquidity
At June 30, 2024, our current liabilities exceeded current assets by $8.9 billion, largely due to accounts payable, short-term borrowings and debt due within one year. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs largely through cash generated from operations. The Company regularly assesses its cash needs and the available sources to fund these needs. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had $6.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents related to foreign subsidiaries, primarily in various European and Asian countries. We did not have material cash and cash equivalents related to any country subject to exchange controls that significantly restrict our ability to access or repatriate the funds. Under current law, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held