Company leads enterprise-wide incident investigations and response, assisting and consulting on cyber security incidents impacting individual Organizational Units. Alerts of potential incidents can arise from security tool alerts, employee reports, threat intelligence sources, threat hunting activities or external entities, among other sources. The Company's Security Operations Center initially responds to incident alerts and notifies central experts to any potentially significant cybersecurity incidents. Members of the Security Operations Center and relevant response teams work to contain and eradicate potential and identified threats and support the system’s recovery efforts, advised as needed by the Legal department and other Company experts. Incidents are communicated to the CISO and other members of management, including the Company’s Ethics & Compliance Committee, as well as the Audit Committee of the Board, based on documented escalation criteria. The central enterprise team also regularly reviews incident reports to update the CISO.
As described above, both the CIO and CISO report information about the Company’s identification and management of cybersecurity risks to the Audit Committee.
Item 2.
Properties.
In the U.S., we own and operate 24 manufacturing sites located in 18 different states. In addition, we own and operate 78 manufacturing sites in 33 other countries. Many of the domestic and international sites manufacture products for multiple businesses. Beauty products are manufactured at 22 of these locations; Grooming products at 17; Health Care products at 20; Fabric & Home Care products at 35; and Baby, Feminine & Family Care products at 37. We own our Corporate headquarters in Cincinnati, Ohio. We own or lease our principal regional general offices in Switzerland, Panama, Singapore, China and the United Arab Emirates. We own or lease our principal regional shared service centers in Costa Rica, the United Kingdom and the Philippines. Management believes that the Company's sites are adequate to support the business and that the properties and equipment have been well maintained.
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings.
The Company is subject, from time to time, to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, which cover a wide range of matters, including antitrust and trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental issues, patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters and tax. In addition, SEC regulations require that we disclose certain environmental proceedings arising under Federal, State or local law when a governmental authority is a party and such proceeding involves potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed a certain threshold ($1 million or more).
On November 22, 2023, Procter & Gamble UK (“P&G UK”), a United Kingdom based wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, received notification from the U.K. Environment Agency of its intent to assess