concluded that no triggering event has occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset is susceptible to future impairment risk. Adverse changes in the business or in the macroeconomic environment including foreign currency devaluation, increasing global inflation, or market contraction from an economic recession, could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate the fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset and trigger a future impairment charge.
The most significant assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset are the net sales growth rates (including residual growth rates), discount rate and royalty rates.
Net sales growth rates could be negatively impacted by reductions or changes in demand for our Gillette products, which may be caused by, among other things: changes in the use and frequency of grooming products, shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products or potential supply chain constraints. In addition, relative global and country/regional macroeconomic factors could result in additional and prolonged devaluation of other countries’ currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The residual growth rates represent the expected rate at which the Gillette brand is expected to grow beyond the shorter-term business planning period. The residual growth rates utilized in our fair value estimates are consistent with the brand operating plans and approximates expected long-term category market growth rates. The residual growth rates depend on overall market growth rates, the competitive environment, inflation, relative currency exchange rates and business activities that impact market share. As a result, the residual growth rates could be adversely impacted by a sustained deceleration in category growth, grooming habit changes, devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar or an increased competitive environment.
The discount rate, which is consistent with a weighted average cost of capital that is likely to be expected by a market participant, is based upon industry required rates of return, including consideration of both debt and equity components of the capital structure. Our discount rate may be impacted by adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment, volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors, such as further devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar. Spot rates as of the fair value measurement date are utilized in our fair value estimates for cash flows outside the U.S.
The royalty rate used to determine the estimated fair value for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset is driven by historical and estimated future profitability of the underlying Gillette business. The royalty rate may be impacted by significant adverse changes in long-term operating margins.
We performed a sensitivity analysis