corporate level. Corporate net earnings increased $783 million to a loss of $531 million due primarily to the non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette intangible asset in the prior year, partially offset by incremental restructuring charges in the current year, comprised primarily of accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina.
LIQUIDITY & CAPITAL RESOURCES
Operating Activities
Operating cash flow was $12.8 billion fiscal year to date, a decrease of $1.3 billion versus the prior year period. Net earnings, adjusted for non-cash items (depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense, deferred income taxes and loss on sale of assets), generated $15.9 billion of operating cash flow. Working capital and other impacts used $3.1 billion of cash in the period primarily driven by the payment of the transitional tax related to the U.S. Tax Act, a reduction in postretirement benefit and compensation accruals, a reduction in accrued marketing expense and a reduction in accounts payable. Days sales outstanding were flat. Days inventory on hand increased by four days driven by higher inventory for new product initiatives and increased safety stock levels.
Investing Activities
Investing activities used $2.8 billion of cash fiscal year to date primarily driven by capital expenditures.
Financing Activities
Financing activities used $10.4 billion of net cash fiscal year to date, mainly due to dividends to shareholders and treasury stock purchases, partially offset by the impact of stock options and other and a net debt increase.
As of March 31, 2025, our current liabilities exceeded current assets by $9.8 billion. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs largely through cash generated from operations. We have strong short- and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in commercial paper and bond markets. In addition, we have agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions that, if needed, should provide sufficient funding to meet short-term financing requirements.
MEASURES NOT DEFINED BY U.S. GAAP
In accordance with the SEC's Regulation S-K Item 10(e), the following provides definitions of the non-GAAP measures and the reconciliation to the most closely related GAAP measure. We believe that these measures provide useful perspective on underlying business trends (i.e., trends excluding non-recurring or unusual items) and results and provide a supplemental measure of period-to-period results. The non-GAAP measures described below are used by management in making operating decisions, allocating financial resources and for business strategy purposes. These measures may be useful to investors, as they provide supplemental information about business performance and provide investors a view of our business