materials), lack of recyclability or other environmental attributes, concerns about actual or alleged labor or equality and inclusion practices, privacy failures or data breaches, allegations of product tampering or the distribution and sale of counterfeit products. Additionally, negative or inaccurate postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the Company or one of its brands could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the Company. If we are unable to effectively manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, environmental or social impacts or similar matters, sentiments toward the Company or our products could be negatively impacted, and our results of operations or cash flows could suffer. Our Company also devotes time and resources to citizenship efforts that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to strengthen our business and protect and preserve our reputation, including programs driving ethics and corporate responsibility, strong communities, equality and inclusion and environmental sustainability. While the Company
6        The Procter & Gamble Company
has many programs and initiatives to further these citizenship efforts, we are impacted in part by the actions and efforts of third parties including local and other governmental authorities, suppliers, vendors and customers. Consumer or broader stakeholder perceptions of these programs and initiatives widely vary and could adversely affect our business. If these programs are not executed as planned or suffer negative publicity, the Company's reputation and results of operations or cash flows could be adversely impacted.
We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk.
Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors, commercial banks, joint venture partners and external business partners, for certain functions. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Further, failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to the Company, including the transparency and accuracy of the disclosures of ingredients in materials or processes, and the proper security of Company data and personal data, or substantial disruptions in the relationships between the Company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results. Additionally, while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk.
A significant information