through purchases in both the primary and secondary markets with securities that had shorter spread durations. Our additions were concentrated in investment-grade securities, while also increasing our allocation to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac credit risk transfer securities.
Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (CMBS)
The following table details the credit quality rating and fair value of our CMBS, along with a comparison of the fair value at March 31, 2025, to our original investment value (adjusted for returns of principal, amortization, and write-downs):
1
The credit quality ratings are assigned by NRSROs; when we assigned the NAIC ratings for our CMBS, 87% of our non-investment-grade securities were rated investment grade and reported as Group II securities, with the remainder classified as Group I.
During the first quarter 2025, there was strong new issuance activity in the CMBS market and deals backed by office properties were the largest source of new issuances in the single-borrower market. Growth in the portfolio was largely driven by additions of investment-grade-rated securities backed by industrial logistics, grocery-anchored retail, and self-storage properties. As of March 31, 2025, we had no delinquencies in our CMBS portfolio.
42
The following table shows the composition of our CMBS portfolio by maturity year and sector:
1
The floating-rate securities were extended to their full maturity and fixed-rate securities are shown to their anticipated repayment date (if applicable) or their maturity date.
We show the average loan to value (LTV) of each maturity year when the loans were originated. The LTV ratio that management uses, which is commonly expressed as a percentage, compares the size of the entire mortgage loan to the appraised value of the underlying property collateralizing the loan at issuance. A LTV ratio less than 100% indicates excess collateral value over the loan amount. LTV ratios greater than 100% indicate that the loan amount exceeds the collateral value. We believe this ratio provides a conservative view of our actual risk of loss, as this number displays the entire mortgage LTV, while our ownership is only a portion of the structure of the mortgage loan-backed security. For many of the mortgage loans in our portfolio, our exposure is in a more senior part of the structure, which means that the LTV on our actual exposure is even lower than the ratios presented.
In addition to the LTV ratio, we also examine the credit of our CMBS portfolio by reviewing the debt service coverage ratio (DSCR) of the securities. The DSCR compares the underlying property
’
s annual net operating income to its annual debt service payments. A DSCR less than 1.0 times indicates that property operations do not generate enough income over the debt service payments, while a DSCR greater than 1.0 times indicates that there is an excess of operating income over the debt service payments. A number above 1.0 generally indicates that there would not