be an incentive for the borrower to default in light of the borrower
’
s excess income. The DSCR reported in the table is calculated based on the most currently available net operating income and mortgage payments for the borrower.
Other Asset-Backed Securities (OABS)
The following table details the credit quality rating and fair value
of our OABS, along with a comparison of the fair value at March 31, 2025, to our original investment value (adjusted for returns of principal, amortization, and write-downs):
During the first quarter 2025, we selectively added securities to the OABS portfolio that we viewed as having attractive spreads and potential returns. The securities we acquired were predominantly in the automobile and equipment categories in highly rated, senior, and short-tenor debt tranches. Additions were primarily made in new issue markets with some selective secondary purchases.
43
STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS
The following table details the credit quality rating of our state and local government obligations (municipal securities) at March 31, 2025, without the benefit of credit or bond insurance:
Included in revenue bonds were $608 million of single-family housing revenue bonds issued by state housing finance agencies, of which $282 million were supported by
individual mortgages held by the state housing finance
agencies and $326 million were supported by mortgage-backed securities.
Of the revenue bonds supported by individual mortgages held by the state housing finance agencies, the overall credit quality rating was AA+. Most of these mortgages were supported by the Federal Housing Administration, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or private mortgage insurance providers. Of the revenue bonds supported by mortgage-backed securities, 83% were collateralized by Ginnie Mae mortgages, which are fully guaranteed by the U.S. government; the remaining 17% were collateralized by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac mortgages.
Although credit spreads of municipal bonds widened, we still viewed most of the market as relatively unattractive. We selectively added to the municipal portfolio during the first quarter 2025, with a focus on high-quality securities with shorter maturities, which we viewed as having more favorable risk/reward profiles.
CORPORATE AND OTHER DEBT SECURITIES
The following table details the credit quality rating of our corporate and other debt securities at March 31, 2025:
The size of our corporate and other debt portfolio increased to $16.0 billion at March 31, 2025, from $14.0 billion at
December 31, 2024. Credit spreads provided more reward for the risks during the quarter. At March 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, corporate and other debt securities made up approximately 20% and 18%, respectively, of our fixed-income portfolio. The duration of the corporate and other debt portfolio increased slightly to 2.7 years at March 31, 2025, from 2.6 years at December 31, 2024.
44
NONREDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCKS
The table