business, severity is primarily a function of construction costs and the age and complexity of the structure, among other factors. Accordingly, anticipated changes in these factors are taken into account when we establish premium rates and loss reserves. Loss reserves are estimates of future costs and our reserves are adjusted as underlying assumptions change and information develops.
Our total loss and LAE ratio decreased 2.0 points for the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, primarily due to increased favorable prior accident years reserve development and a decrease in loss frequency in the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year. On an accident year basis, our loss and LAE ratio was 0.7 points lower than the first quarter 2024.
The following table shows our consolidated catastrophe losses and related combined ratio point impact, excluding loss adjustment expenses, incurred during the periods:
1
Represents catastrophe losses incurred during the period, including the impact of reinsurance, as a percent of net premiums earned for each segment.
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, our catastrophe losses reflected severe weather events throughout the United States, with Texas accounting for nearly 40% of the losses. We have responded, and plan to continue to respond, promptly to catastrophic events when they occur in order to provide high-quality claims service to our customers.
Changes in our estimate of our ultimate losses on catastrophes currently reserved, along with potential future catastrophes, could have a material impact on our financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. We reinsure various risks including, but not limited to, catastrophic losses. We do not have catastrophe-specific reinsurance for our personal auto, special lines, or core commercial auto businesses. The personal property business reinsurance programs include catastrophe per occurrence excess of loss contracts and aggregate excess of loss contracts. We also purchase excess of loss reinsurance on our workers’ compensation insurance and our higher-limit commercial auto liability product offered by our Fleet & Specialty business, and on certain BOP product coverages.
We evaluate our reinsurance programs during the renewal process, if not more frequently, to ensure our programs continue to effectively address the company’s risk tolerance. With respect to our personal property business, in the first quarter 2025, we entered into a new catastrophe
aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contract for claims occurring in 2025 that has multiple layers of coverage. The first retention layer threshold ranges from $450 million to $475 million, excluding named tropical storms and hurricanes, and the second retention layer threshold is $525 million, including named tropical storms and hurricanes. The first and second layers provide coverage up to $75 million and $100 million, respectively. As part of the 2025 aggregate excess of