financial policies, we repurchase common shares to neutralize dilution from equity-based compensation granted during the year and opportunistically when we believe our shares are trading below our determination of long-term fair value. During the first three months of 2025, we repurchased 0.2 million common shares, at a total cost of $54 million, to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of equity awards under our employee equity compensation plans. We will continue to make decisions on returning
27
capital to shareholders based on the strength of our overall capital position, the capital strength of our subsidiaries, and potential capital needs of our business.
At March 31, 2025, we had $3.5 billion in a consolidated, non-insurance subsidiary of the holding company that can be used to fund corporate obligations and provide additional capital to the insurance subsidiaries to fund potential future growth and other opportunities. As of March 31, 2025, our estimated consolidated statutory surplus was $29.6 billion.
During the first quarter 2025, our contractual obligations and critical accounting policies have not changed materially from those discussed in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. There have not been any material changes in off-balance-sheet leverage, which includes purchase obligations and catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contracts, from those discussed in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Based upon our capital planning and forecasting efforts, we believe we have sufficient capital resources and cash flows from operations to support our current business, scheduled principal and interest payments on our debt, anticipated quarterly dividends on our common shares, our contractual obligations, and other expected capital requirements for the foreseeable future.
Nevertheless, we may decide to raise additional capital to take advantage of attractive terms in the market and provide additional financial flexibility. We currently have an effective shelf registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission so that we may periodically offer and sell an indeterminate aggregate amount of senior or subordinated debt securities, preferred stock, depository shares, common stock, purchase contracts, warrants, and units. The shelf registration enables us to raise funds, subject to market conditions, from the offering of any securities covered by the shelf registration as well as any combination thereof.
III.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – UNDERWRITING
A. Segment Overview
We report our underwriting operations in two segments: Personal Lines and Commercial Lines. Our Personal Lines segment writes insurance for personal vehicles, which include personal auto and special lines products (e.g., recreational vehicles, such as motorcycles, RVs, and watercraft), personal residential property insurance for homeowners and renters, umbrella insurance, and flood insurance through the “Write Your Own” program for the