that to grow policies in force, it is critical that we retain our customers for longer periods. Consequently, increasing retention continues to be one of our most important priorities. Our efforts to increase our share of Progressive auto and personal property bundled households (i.e., Robinsons) remains a key initiative, and we plan to continue to make investments to improve the customer experience in order to support that goal. Policy life expectancy, which is our actuarial estimate of the average length of time that a policy will remain in force before cancellation or lapse in coverage, is our primary measure of customer retention in our Personal Lines and Commercial Lines businesses.
In personal auto, we evaluate personal auto retention using a trailing 12-month and a trailing 3-month policy life expectancy. Although the latter can reflect more volatility and is more sensitive to seasonality, we believe this measure is more responsive to current experience and may be an indicator for the future trend of our 12-month measure. Our trailing 12-month total personal auto policy life expectancy was down 5% year over year for the first quarter 2025. On a trailing 3-month basis, our personal auto policy life expectancy was down 6% for the first
quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, which we believe is due to increased shopping and the competitiveness in the marketplace.
Our trailing 12-month policy life expectancy was down 17% for our personal property products. Our personal property retention decreased primarily as a result of a mix shift to more renters policies, which generally have a lower policy life expectancy, our actions to non-renew certain policies, and rate increases.
For our core commercial auto products, our trailing 12-month policy life expectancy decreased 6%, compared to the prior year. While still below the prior year, the policy life expectancy has experienced sequential month-over-month improvement since the end of the third quarter 2024, which we believe is due to the moderation of our rate increases, compared to competitor rate increases, improving our competitiveness in the marketplace. The decrease in the core commercial auto policy life expectancy was across all BMTs, except tow, which reflected rate actions taken in 2023 and 2024, as well as the continued decrease in demand in the for-hire transportation BMT.
B. Investments
The fair value of our investment portfolio was $83.7 billion at March 31, 2025, compared to $80.3 billion at December 31, 2024. The increase from year-end 2024 reflected positive cash flows from insurance operations and investment returns, partially offset by the payment of our annual variable common share dividend.
Our asset allocation strategy is to maintain 0%-25% of our portfolio in Group I securities, with the balance (75%-100%) of our portfolio in Group II securities (the securities allocated to Group I and II are defined below under
Results of Operations – Investments
). At March 31,