a $0.9 billion decrease in net unrealized losses on our fixed-maturity securities, compared to a $0.2 billion net unrealized loss increase in the same period last year. The change in the unrealized losses we recognized during both periods were primarily driven by the then-current economic environment.
At March 31, 2025, total capital (debt plus shareholders’ equity) was $35.8 billion, which was an increase of $3.4 billion from year-end 2024, primarily due to the $3.5 billion of comprehensive income earned in the first quarter 2025.
A. Insurance Operations
Our underwriting profit margin was 14.0% during the first quarter 2025, compared to 13.9% during the first quarter 2024. Our Personal Lines and Commercial Lines operating segments both generated strong profitability for the first three months of 2025. While underwriting profitability was relatively flat on a year-over-year basis, for the first quarter 2025, our companywide loss and loss adjustment expense (LAE) ratio decreased 2.0 points, which was mostly offset by a 1.9 point increase in the expense ratio. The decrease in the loss and LAE ratio was primarily driven by favorable prior accident years reserve development and decreased incurred personal and commercial auto accident frequency. The increase in our companywide expense ratio during the first quarter 2025 primarily reflected increased advertising expense. During the first quarter 2025, our advertising spend was $1.3 billion, which was 86%, or 2.3 points, greater than the first quarter last year.
24
We closely manage our expenses, monitoring both acquisition expenses and non-acquisition expenses, which we view as an important measure of operational efficiency as we seek to deliver our most competitive rates to consumers. We will continue to advertise to maximize growth as long as the advertising spend is efficient and we remain on track to achieve our calendar-year profitability goal.
Our Personal Lines segment is comprised of our personal vehicle and property products. Personal Lines vehicles include both personal auto and special lines products. Our Personal Lines profitability for the first quarter 2025 was 14.3%, with personal vehicle and property products reporting 14.3% and 12.8%, respectively. In total, our special lines products, which are generally used less in cold weather months, had about a 1 point favorable impact on our total personal vehicle combined ratio for the first quarter 2025.
Our Commercial Lines segment includes our core commercial auto products, TNC business, Fleet & Specialty products, and BOP product. Our total Commercial Lines underwriting profitability for the first quarter 2025 was 12.5%.
During the first quarter 2025, our personal auto and core commercial auto businesses’ profitability benefited from higher average earned premium per policy, lower incurred loss frequency trends, and, in personal auto, favorable prior accident years reserve development.
For the first quarter 2025, both segments generated