not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
47
PART II—OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. Legal Proceedings.
For discussion of legal proceedings, see
Note 11 – Litigation
to the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
There have been no material changes in the risk factors from those discussed in
Item 1A, Risk Factors
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.
(c) Share Repurchases
Progressive’s financial policies state that we will repurchase shares to neutralize dilution from equity-based compensation in the year of issuance and as an option to effectively use under-leveraged capital.
In May 2024, the Board of Directors approved an authorization for the company to repurchase up to 25 million of its common shares. This authorization does not have an expiration date. Share repurchases under this authorization may be accomplished through open market purchases, including trading plans entered into with one or more brokerage firms in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, through privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to our equity incentive awards, or otherwise. During the first quarter 2025, all repurchases were accomplished in conjunction with our equity incentive awards at the then-current market prices; there were no open market purchases during the quarter.
Item 5. Other Information.
(c)
Insider Trading Arrangements
During the first quarter 2025, certain executive officers entered into
Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangements that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). The executive officers’ plans provide for: (i) the sale of all of the shares issued upon vesting for certain outstanding equity awards previously granted to the applicable executive officer, excluding any shares withheld by the company to satisfy tax withholding obligations (see our 2025 Proxy Statement for a description of the company’s equity compensation plans) and, (ii) for three executives, the sale and/or gift of a certain amount of additional shares (see
“
Additional or Specified Shares
”
below) held by the applicable executive, that are not sold in connection with the vesting of an outstanding equity award (as described in (i) above), some of which may have been the result of a prior vesting event for the executive.
Below are the details of each applicable Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement:
1
Subject to the plan’s earlier expiration or completion in accordance with its terms.
48
Additional Information
President and CEO Susan Patricia Griffith’s quarterly letter to shareholders is included as Exhibit 99 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our online shareholders’ report