2024:
1
The accrual is based on an estimate of shares outstanding as of the record date and recorded as a component of accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets until paid.
2
In February 2024, we redeemed all of our outstanding Serial Preferred Shares, Series B.
21
10.
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
The components of other comprehensive income (loss), including reclassification adjustments by income statement line item, were as follows:
In an effort to manage interest rate risk, we entered into forecasted transactions on certain of Progressive’s debt issuances. During the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify $
1
million (pretax) into interest expense, related to net unrealized losses on forecasted transactions (see
Note 4 – Debt
in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for further discussion).
22
11.
LITIGATION
The Progressive Corporation and/or its insurance subsidiaries are named as defendants in various lawsuits arising out of claims made under insurance policies written by our insurance subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. We consider all legal actions relating to such claims in establishing our loss and loss adjustment expense reserves.
In addition, The Progressive Corporation and/or its insurance subsidiaries are named as defendants in a number of class action or individual lawsuits that challenge certain of the operations of the subsidiaries. The nature and volume of litigation pending against The Progressive Corporation and/or its insurance subsidiaries is similar to that which was disclosed in
Note 12 – Litigation
in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
As of March 31, 2025, lawsuits have been certified or conditionally certified as class/collective actions in cases alleging that: we improperly value total loss claims by applying a negotiation adjustment in Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Indiana, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina; we improperly fail to pay fees and taxes associated with total losses in Michigan; we improperly calculate basic economic loss as it relates to wage loss coverage in New York; we improperly reduce or deny personal injury protection benefits when medical expenses are paid initially by health insurance in Arkansas; and we sell illusory underinsured motorist coverage in New Mexico. Other insurance companies face many of these same issues. We plan to contest the pending lawsuits vigorously, but may pursue settlement negotiations in some cases, as we deem appropriate.
Lawsuits arising from insurance policies and operations, including but not limited to allegations involving claims adjustment and vehicle valuation, may be filed
contemporaneously in multiple states. As of March 31,
2025, we are named as defendants in class action lawsuits
pending in multiple states alleging that we improperly value total loss vehicle physical damage claims through the application of a negotiation adjustment in calculating such valuations,