once the moratoriums expired in December 2024. We currently expect this effort to be substantially completed by the end of the second quarter 2025.
To try to ease the disruption of the non-renewals to our customers and agents, we reached an agreement with an unaffiliated Florida insurer to offer replacement policies to many of these policyholders, subject to the insurer’s underwriting and financial guidelines and agent appointments where applicable.
Our written premium per policy decreased on a year-over-year basis for the first quarter 2025, primarily attributable to a shift in the mix of business to more renters policies, which have lower average written premiums, and a decline in homeowners policies in force in both volatile weather-related markets and non-owner-occupied properties, which both have higher average premiums. The effect of these declines were partially offset by rate increases taken during 2024 and higher premium coverages reflecting increased property values. During the first quarter 2025, we increased rates, in aggregate, about 2% in our personal property business. We intend to continue to make targeted rate increases in states where we are not achieving our profitability goals.
36
The policy life expectancy in our personal property business shortened during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, which we believe is primarily driven by a shift in the mix of business to more renters policies, the non-renewals for certain policies in volatile weather states, and rate increases made during the last 12 months.
E. Commercial Lines
The following table and discussion focuses on our core commercial auto products, which accounted for about 80% of our Commercial Lines segment net premiums written on a trailing 12-month basis, as of the end of the first quarter 2025. Year-over-year changes in our core commercial auto products were as follows:
During the first quarter 2025, core commercial auto new application growth was positive in each of our BMTs, except for the for-hire transportation and for-hire specialty
BMTs. The for-hire transportation BMT continued to be adversely impacted by challenging freight market conditions that have continued to cause a decline in the active number of motor carriers in this BMT. During the first quarter 2025, quote volume and conversion increased about 3% and 5%, respectively, in our core commercial auto products, compared to the same period last year.
The effect of the previously discussed rate increases had on written premium per policy for our core commercial auto business was offset by the change in the mix of business written, compared to the first quarter 2024. During the first quarter 2025, we increased rates, in aggregate, about 1% in our core commercial auto products. We will continue to evaluate our rate need and adjust rates as we deem necessary.
Our policy life expectancy decreased in all BMTs, except for tow, which we believe is due to rate and non-rate actions, as well