force.
Our Personal Lines segment experienced strong year-over-year growth for the first quarter 2025, with net premiums written increasing 20% and policies in force up 18%, compared to the same period in the prior year. This growth was primarily in our personal auto products and reflects new application growth mainly attributable to increased advertising spend and our continued efforts to work closely with our independent agents and to leverage our agent compensation program to reward writing profitable business.
In Commercial Lines, we experienced solid growth with net premiums written up 5% and policies in force up 6%, during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year. The growth in Commercial Lines premiums written primarily reflected the renewal of certain transportation network company (TNC) business policies that have higher rates and projected mileage, which is the basis for computing premiums, than the policies that renewed in the first quarter 2024.
During the first quarter 2025, on a countrywide basis, we increased personal auto rates less than 1% and increased our personal property rates about 2%, in the aggregate. In our core commercial auto businesses (which excludes our TNC business, our Progressive Fleet & Specialty Programs (Fleet & Specialty) products, and our business owners’ policy (BOP) product), we increased rates in the aggregate about 1% during the first quarter 2025. We currently believe we are adequately priced in our personal auto products in most states and will continue to monitor the impact from tariffs and potential changes in the regulatory environment. We expect both the personal property and core commercial auto products to have near double-digit rate increases through the remainder of 2025.
Starting in the first quarter 2025, the U.S. government announced additional tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. from numerous countries, which have, in response, resulted in additional tariffs against the U.S. We regularly model the potential impact tariffs could have on vehicle loss costs, the supply chain, the availability of parts, and general inflation, among other factors, although the dynamic international trade environment currently prevents us from accurately predicting how tariffs will ultimately impact our business. While our focus has been on trying to maintain stable rates for customers, tariffs and other retaliatory actions will likely result in higher loss costs, which could result in a reduction in profitability and higher than currently anticipated rate increases throughout 2025 and 2026.
For the first quarter 2025, the year-over-year increase in net income primarily reflected an increase in underwriting income. The increase in recurring investment income, was offset by net realized losses during the first quarter 2025, compared to net realized gains in the same period last year.
Comprehensive income increased $1.3 billion over the first quarter last year, which was primarily driven by