development.
It is a challenge to estimate future severity, but we continue to monitor changes in the underlying costs, such as tariffs, general inflation, used car prices, vehicle repair costs, medical costs, health care reform, court decisions, and jury verdicts, along with regulatory changes and other factors that may affect severity.
The change in total personal auto incurred frequency, on a calendar-year basis, over the prior-year period, was as follows:
The year-over-year decrease in frequency, in part, reflects a shift in the mix of business to a more preferred tier of customers (i.e., Wrights and Robinsons) and lower vehicle miles traveled during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year.
On a trailing 12-month basis, our core commercial auto products’ incurred frequency decreased 8% during the first quarter 2025, in part, due to a shift in the mix of business compared to the same period last year.
We closely monitor changes in frequency, but the degree or direction of near-term frequency change is not something that we are able to predict with any certainty. We will continue to analyze trends to distinguish changes in our experience from other external factors, such as changes in the number of vehicles per household, miles driven, vehicle usage, gasoline prices, advances in vehicle safety, and unemployment rates, versus those resulting from shifts in the mix of our business or changes in driving patterns, and the ridesharing economy to allow us to react quickly to price for these trends and to reserve more accurately for our loss exposures.
32
The table below presents the actuarial adjustments implemented and the loss reserve development experienced on a companywide basis in the following periods:
Total development consists of both actuarial adjustments and “all other development” on prior accident years. We use “accident year” generically to represent the year in which a loss occurred. The actuarial adjustments represent the net changes made by our actuarial staff to both current and prior accident year reserves based on regularly scheduled reviews. Through these reviews, our actuaries identify and measure variances in the projected frequency and severity trends, which allow them to adjust the reserves to reflect current cost trends.
For the Personal Lines vehicle products and the Commercial Lines business, development for catastrophe losses would be reflected in “all other development,” discussed below, to the extent they relate to prior year reserves. For our Personal Lines property business, 100% of catastrophe losses are reviewed monthly, and any development on catastrophe reserves are included as part of the actuarial adjustments. We report these actuarial adjustments separately for the current and prior accident years to reflect these adjustments as part of the total prior accident years development.
“All other development” represents claims settling for more or less than reserved, emergence of unrecorded