claims at rates different than anticipated in our incurred but not recorded (IBNR) reserves, and changes in reserve estimates on specific claims. Although we believe the development from both the actuarial adjustments and “all other development” generally results from the same factors, we are unable to quantify the portion of the reserve development that might be applicable to any one or more of those underlying factors.
Our objective is to establish case and IBNR reserves that are adequate to cover all loss costs, while incurring minimal variation from the date the reserves are initially established until losses are fully developed. Our ability to meet this objective is impacted by many factors, such as the factors impacting severity estimates described above and storms occurring close to quarter end.
As reflected in the table above, we experienced favorable prior accident years development during the first three months of 2025, compared to relatively flat prior accident years development for the same period last year. The favorable development during the first three months of 2025 was, in part, due to lower than anticipated severity and frequency in Florida personal auto and, for personal property, favorable development on 2024 catastrophe events.
See
Note 6 – Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserve
s to the consolidated financial statements for a more detailed discussion of our prior accident years reserve development and
Critical Accounting Policies
in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for discussion of the application of estimates and assumptions in the establishment of our loss reserves.
Underwriting Expenses
Underwriting expenses include policy acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses. The underwriting expense ratio is our underwriting expenses, net of certain fees and other revenues, expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. For the first quarter 2025, our underwriting expense ratio was up 1.9 points, compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in our advertising spend, partially offset by growth in net premiums earned. In total, our companywide advertising spend increased 86%, or 2.3 points, in the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year.
Our total advertising spend for the first quarter 2025, was $1.3 billion, compared to $0.7 billion in the first quarter 2024. Our advertising spend in the first quarter 2025 exceeded the amount of advertising spend for any previous quarterly period. We invested heavily during the first quarter of the year to capture consumer shopping, and will continue to advertise to maximize growth, as long as we remain on track to achieve our profitability goal and can acquire customers at or below our target acquisition cost.
33
To analyze underwriting expenses, we also review our non-acquisition expense ratio (NAER), which excludes costs related to policy acquisition (e.g., advertising and agency commissions) from our