sold securities that we viewed as having less attractive risk/reward profiles during the first three months of 2025 and 2024.
The following table reflects our holding period realized gains (losses) recognized on equity securities held at the respective quarter ends:
10
Net Investment Income
The components of net investment income for the three months ended March 31, were:
On a year-over-year basis, investment income (interest and dividends) increased
32
% for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same
period last year
. The increase primarily reflects growth in invested assets and an increase in recurring investment book yield. The book yield increase primarily reflected investing new cash from insurance operations, and proceeds from maturing bonds, in higher coupon rate securities.
3.
FAIR VALUE
We have categorized our financial instruments, based on the degree of subjectivity inherent in the method by which they are valued, into a fair value hierarchy of three levels, as follows:
•
Level 1
: Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments at the measurement date (e.g., U.S. government obligations, which are continually priced on a daily basis, active exchange-traded equity securities, and certain short-term securities).
•
Level 2
: Inputs (other than quoted prices included within Level 1) that are observable for the instrument either directly or indirectly. This includes: (i) quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, (ii) quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the instruments, and (iv) inputs that
are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.
•
Level 3
: Inputs that are unobservable. Unobservable inputs reflect our subjective evaluation about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the financial instrument (e.g., certain privately held investments).
Determining the fair value of the investment portfolio is the responsibility of management. As part of that responsibility, we evaluate whether a market is distressed or inactive in determining the fair value for our portfolio. We review certain market level inputs to evaluate whether sufficient activity, volume, and new issuances exist to create an active market. Based on this evaluation, we concluded that there was sufficient activity related to the sectors and securities for which we obtained valuations.
11
The composition of the investment portfolio by major security type and our outstanding debt was:
12
Our portfolio valuations, excluding short-term investments, classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 in the above tables are priced exclusively by external sources, including pricing vendors, dealers/market makers, and exchange-quoted prices.
Our short-term investments classified as Level 1 are highly liquid, actively marketed, and have a very short