underwriting expense ratio. By excluding acquisition costs from our underwriting expense ratio, we are able to understand costs other than those necessary to acquire new policies and grow the business.
During the first quarter 2025, our NAER decreased 0.3
points in our personal vehicle business and increased 1.2 points and 0.1 points in our personal property and core commercial auto businesses, respectively, compared to the same period last year. We remain committed to efficiently managing operational non-acquisition expenses.
C. Growth
For our underwriting operations, we analyze growth in terms of both premiums and policies. Net premiums written represent the premiums from policies written during the period, less any premiums ceded to reinsurers. Net premiums earned, which are a function of the premiums written in the current and prior periods, are earned as revenue over the life of the policy using a daily earnings convention. Policies in force, our preferred measure of growth since it removes the variability due to rate changes or mix shifts, represents all policies for which coverage was in effect as of the end of the period specified.
To analyze growth, we review new policies, rate levels, and the retention characteristics of our segments. Although new policies are necessary to maintain a growing book of business, we recognize the importance of retaining our current customers as a critical component of our continued growth.
34
D. Personal Lines
Our Personal Lines business offers vehicle (personal auto and special lines) and residential property insurance products to personal consumers, with the operating goal of optimizing the number of insured products within our policyholders’ households. In our discussion below, we report our personal auto and personal property business results separately as components of our Personal Lines segment to provide a further understanding of our products. Our personal auto business discussions are further separated between the agency and direct distribution channel. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, 42% of our personal auto business was written through the agency channel and 58% was written through the direct channel.
Personal Auto - Agency
The year-over-year changes our personal auto agency business were as follows:
The personal auto agency business includes business written by more than 40,000 independent insurance agencies that represent Progressive, as well as brokerages in New York and California. During the first quarter 2025, we generated new agency personal auto application growth in 47 states and the District of Columbia, including nine of our top 10 largest agency states.
Compared to the same period in the prior year, new application and policy in force growth varied by consumer segment:
•
Sams experienced a low double-digit increase in policies in force, with a significant increase in new applications during the first quarter 2025;
•
Dianes and Wrights experienced significant policies in