as the continued decrease in demand in the for-hire transportation BMT. As of the end of the first quarter 2025, policy life expectancy has experienced sequential month-over-month improvement since the end of the third quarter 2024, which we believe is due to the moderation of our rate increases, compared to competitor rate increases, improving our competitiveness in the marketplace.
IV.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – INVESTMENTS
A. Investment Results
Our management philosophy governing the portfolio is to evaluate investment results on a total return basis. The fully taxable equivalent (FTE) total return includes recurring investment income, adjusted to a fully taxable amount for certain securities that receive preferential tax treatment (e.g., municipal securities), and total net realized, and changes in total net unrealized, gains (losses) on securities.
The following table summarizes investment results for the periods ended March 31:
The increase in the book yield, compared to last year, primarily reflected investing new cash from insurance operations, and proceeds from maturing bonds, in higher coupon rate securities. The increase in the fixed-income portfolio FTE total return, compared to last year, primarily
reflected movement in Treasury yields year-over-year. The common stock FTE total return reflected general market conditions.
A further break-down of our FTE total returns for our fixed-income portfolio for the periods ended March 31, follows:
37
B. Portfolio Allocation
The composition of the investment portfolio was:
1
Represents ratings at period end. Credit quality ratings are assigned by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. To calculate the weighted average credit quality ratings, we weight individual securities based on fair value and assign a numeric score of 0-5, with non-investment-grade and non-rated securities assigned a score of 0-1. To the extent the weighted average of the ratings falls between AAA and AA+, we assign an internal rating of AAA-.
2
At March 31, 2025 and 2024 and December 31, 2024, we had $297 million, $16 million, and $125 million, respectively, of net unsettled security transactions included in other liabilities.
The total fair value of the portfolio at March 31, 2025 and 2024 and December 31, 2024, included $3.5 billion, $3.2 billion, and $6.2 billion, respectively, of securities held in a consolidated, non-insurance subsidiary of the holding company, net of unsettled security transactions. A portion of the investments held at December 31, 2024 were sold and proceeds used to pay our common share dividends in January 2025; see
Note 9 – Dividends
for additional information.
38
Our asset allocation strategy is to maintain 0%-25% of our portfolio in Group I securities, with the balance (75%-100%) of our portfolio in Group II securities.
We define Group I securities to include:
•
common equities,
•
nonredeemable preferred stocks,
•
redeemable preferred stocks, except for 50% of investment-grade