March 31, 2025, 3.2 years at March 31, 2024, and 3.3 years at December 31, 2024 fell within our acceptable range of 1.5 to 5.0 years. The duration distribution of our fixed-income portfolio, excluding short-term investments, represented by the interest rate sensitivity of the comparable benchmark U.S. Treasury Notes, was:
Credit Risk
This exposure is managed by maintaining an A minimum weighted average portfolio credit quality rating, as defined by NRSROs. At March 31, 2025 and 2024, and December 31, 2024, our weighted average credit quality rating was AA-. The credit quality distribution of the fixed-income portfolio was:
1
The credit quality ratings are assigned by NRSROs.
40
Concentration Risk
We did not have any investments in a single issuer, either overall or in the context of individual asset classes and sectors, that exceeded our thresholds during the first quarter 2025.
Prepayment and Extension Risk
We did not experience significant adverse prepayment or extension of principal relative to our cash flow expectations in the portfolio during the first quarter 2025.
Liquidity Risk
Our overall portfolio remains very liquid and we believe that it is sufficient to meet expected near-term liquidity requirements. The short-to-intermediate duration of our portfolio provides a source of liquidity. During the remainder of 2025, we expect approximately $5.7 billion, or 17%, of principal repayment from our fixed-income portfolio, excluding U.S. Treasury Notes and short-term investments. Cash from interest and dividend
payments provides an additional source of recurring liquidity.
The duration of our U.S. government obligations, which are included in the fixed-income portfolio, was comprised of the following at March 31, 2025:
ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES
Included in our fixed-income portfolio are asset-backed securities, which were comprised of the following at the balance sheet dates listed:
1
The credit quality ratings are assigned by NRSROs.
41
Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities (RMBS)
The following table details the credit quality rating and fair value of our RMBS, along with the loan classification and a comparison of the fair value at March 31, 2025, to our original investment value (adjusted for returns of principal, amortization, and write-downs):
1
The credit quality ratings are assigned by NRSROs; when we assigned the NAIC ratings for our RMBS, 92% of our non-investment-grade securities were rated investment grade and reported as Group II securities.
2
The securities in this category are insured by a Government Sponsored Entity (GSE) and/or collateralized by mortgage loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (VA).
.
Our RMBS portfolio consists of deals that are backed by high-credit quality borrowers and/or those that have strong structural protections through underlying loan collateralization. During the first quarter of 2025, we continued to increase our exposure in this portfolio