unpaid. See
Note 9 – Dividends
for further discussion.
2
From obtaining right-of-use assets.
In the respective periods, we paid the following:
8.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
Our Personal Lines segment writes insurance for personal autos, special lines products (e.g., recreational vehicles, such as motorcycles, RVs, and watercraft), personal residential property insurance for homeowners and renters, umbrella insurance, and flood insurance through the “Write Your Own” program for the National Flood Insurance Program. Property information for the three months ended March 31, 2024, was recast to conform to the current year presentation; see
Note 10 – Segment Information
in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for further discussion.
Our Commercial Lines segment writes auto-related liability and physical damage insurance, business-related
general liability and commercial property insurance predominately for small businesses, and workers’ compensation insurance primarily for the transportation industry.
Our service businesses provide insurance-related services, including serving as an agent for homeowners, general liability, and workers’ compensation insurance, among other products, through programs in our direct Personal Lines and Commercial Lines businesses. All segment revenues are generated from external customers; all intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation.
19
Following are the operating results for the respective periods:
1
Includes other underwriting businesses and run-off operations.
2
Includes policy acquisition costs, agents’ contingent commissions, and advertising costs attributable to our operating segments. A portion of our companywide advertising costs are also related to our service businesses.
3
Primarily consists of employee compensation and benefit costs, and the increase in the allowance for credit loss exposure on our premiums receivable.
4
Calculated as recurring investment income plus total net realized gains (losses) on securities, less investment expenses.
20
Our management uses underwriting margin and combined ratio as primary measures of underwriting profitability. The underwriting margin is the pretax underwriting profit (loss) expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. Pretax underwriting profit (loss) is calculated as net premiums earned plus fees and other revenues, less: (i) losses and loss adjustment expenses; (ii) policy acquisition costs; and (iii) other underwriting expenses. Combined ratio is the complement of the underwriting margin. Fees and other revenues are netted against either loss adjustment expenses or underwriting expenses in the ratio calculations, based on the underlying activity that generated the revenue.
Following are the underwriting margins and combined ratios for our underwriting operations for the respective periods:
9.
DIVIDENDS
Following is a summary of our common and preferred share dividends that were declared and/or paid during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and