redeemable preferred stocks with cumulative dividends, which are included in Group II, and
•
all other non-investment-grade fixed-maturity securities.
Group II securities include:
•
short-term securities, and
•
all other fixed-maturity securities, including 50% of investment-grade redeemable preferred stocks with cumulative dividends.
We believe this asset allocation strategy allows us to appropriately assess the risks associated with these securities for capital purposes and is in line with the treatment by our regulators.
The following table shows the composition of our Group I and Group II securities:
To determine the allocation between Group I and Group II, we use the credit ratings from models provided by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) to classify our residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, excluding interest-only (IO) securities, and the credit ratings from nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (NRSROs) to classify all other debt securities. NAIC ratings are based on a model that considers the book price of our securities when assessing the probability of future losses in assigning a credit rating. As a result, NAIC ratings can vary from credit ratings issued by NRSROs. Management believes NAIC ratings more accurately reflect our risk profile when determining the asset allocation between Group I and Group II securities.
Unrealized Gains (Losses)
As of March 31, 2025, our fixed-maturity portfolio had total after-tax net unrealized losses, which are recorded as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on our consolidated balance sheets, of $0.5 billion, compared to $1.8 billion and $1.4 billion at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The decrease in total unrealized losses from March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2024, was due to valuation increases across all fixed-maturity sectors, most prominently in our U.S. Treasury, corporate and other debt, and commercial mortgage-backed portfolios as lower interest rates and, in some cases, tighter credit spreads drove strong portfolio performance.
See
Note 2 – Investments
for a further break-out of our gross unrealized gains (losses).
39
Holding Period Gains (Losses)
The following table provides the balance and activity for both the gross and net holding period gains (losses) for the three months ended March 31, 2025:
1
Equity securities include common equities and nonredeemable preferred stocks.
Changes in holding period gains (losses), similar to unrealized gains (losses) in our fixed-maturity portfolio, are the result of changes in market conditions as well as sales of securities based on various portfolio management decisions.
Fixed-Income Securities
The fixed-income portfolio is managed internally and includes fixed-maturity securities, short-term investments, and nonredeemable preferred stocks. Following are the primary exposures for our fixed-income portfolio.
Interest Rate Risk
Our duration of 3.4 years at