below shows the exposure break-down of our nonredeemable preferred stocks by sector and rating at March 31, 2025:
The majority of our nonredeemable preferred securities have fixed-rate dividends until a call date and then, if not called, generally convert to floating-rate dividends. The interest rate duration is calculated to reflect the call, floor, and floating-rate features. Although a nonredeemable preferred stock will remain outstanding if not called, its interest rate duration will reflect the variable nature of the dividend. At March 31, 2025, our non-investment-grade nonredeemable preferred stocks were with issuers that maintain investment-grade senior debt ratings.
We also face the risk that dividend payments could be deferred for one or more periods or skipped entirely. As of March 31, 2025, we expect all of these securities to pay their dividends in full and on time. Approximately 97% of our nonredeemable preferred stocks pay dividends that have tax preferential characteristics, while the balance pay dividends that are fully taxable.
At March 31, 2025, the nonredeemable preferred stock portfolio fair value was $0.6 billion, which is a slight decrease from $0.7 billion at December 31, 2024. This decline was primarily due to nonredeemable preferred stocks that were called or sold because they had less attractive risk/reward profiles.
Common Equities
Common equities, as reported on our consolidated balance sheets, were comprised of the following:
1
The other risk investments consist of limited partnership interests.
The majority of our common stock portfolio consists of individual holdings selected based on their contribution to the correlation with the Russell 1000 Index. We held 702 out of 1,008, or 70%, of the common stocks comprising the index at March 31, 2025, which made up 94% of the total market capitalization of the index. At both March 31, 2025 and 2024, the year-to-date GAAP income total return was within our targeted tracking error of +/- 50 basis points. At December 31, 2024, the full year GAAP income total return did not meet our targeted tracking error.
45
Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
Investors are cautioned that certain statements in this report not based upon historical fact are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements often use words such as “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “goal,” “target,” “anticipate,” “will,” “could,” “likely,” “may,” “should,” and other words and terms of similar meaning, or are tied to future periods, in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, are based on current expectations and projections about future events, and are subject to certain risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those