force and new application growth during the first quarter 2025; and
•
Robinsons had a high single-digit increase in policies in force, with a significant decline in new applications during the first quarter 2025.
During the first quarter 2025, on a year-over-year basis, we experienced an increase in agency auto quote volume of 16%, with a rate of conversion (i.e., converting a quote to a
sale) increase of 11%, compared to the same period last year. All four of our consumer segments experienced an increase in both quote volume and conversion during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period in the prior year, except Robinsons who had a single-digit decline in quotes and a significant decline in conversion. New applications, quotes, and conversion declined in Robinsons year over year due to several initiatives implemented in our personal property business that were focused on improving profitability, as discussed in the
Personal Property
section below. These initiatives, which began during the last half of 2024, focused primarily on home and condo coverages and impacted growth in bundled auto and homeowner policies.
Our personal auto rates were relatively stable during the quarter. The decrease in written premium per policy for new and renewal personal auto agency business during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, was in part, attributable to a shift in the mix of business, including a shift to a higher percentage of 6-month policies, which have about half of the amount of net premiums written as policies with 12-month terms.
Our trailing 3- and 12-month policy life expectancy in the agency auto business experienced a decrease at the end of the first quarter 2025, on a year-over-year basis, which we believe is primarily driven by a shift in the mix of business and increased consumer shopping.
Personal Auto - Direct
The year-over-year changes in our personal auto direct business were as follows:
The personal auto direct business includes business written directly by Progressive online or by phone. During the first quarter 2025, we generated new direct personal auto application growth in 48 states and the District of Columbia, including nine of our top 10 largest direct states. During the first quarter 2025, each of our consumer segments experienced a significant increase in new applications year over year. Policies in force grew between 19% and 27% in each consumer segment, compared to the same period last year.
35
During the first quarter 2025, direct personal auto quote volume increased 22%, with a rate of conversion increase of 8%, compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by increased advertising spend and our competitiveness in the marketplace. All consumer segments saw a significant increase in quotes and a modest increase in the rate of conversion during the first quarter 2025, except for Robinsons where conversion was flat.
The personal property profitability initiatives that negatively