specialty BMTs, which had a year-over-year decrease in new applications, our core commercial auto new application growth would have been 15% during the first quarter 2025. The for-hire transportation BMT continued to be adversely impacted by challenging freight market conditions that have caused a decline in the active number of motor carriers in this BMT.
During the first quarter 2025, on a year-over-year basis, average written premium per policy was flat in personal auto and decreased 10% and 6% in our personal property and core commercial auto products, respectively. In aggregate, we took minimal personal auto rate increases during the first quarter 2025 on a companywide basis.
The decrease in personal property average written premium per policy was due to a shift in the mix of business to more renters policies, which have lower average written premiums, and our continued focus on slowing growth in more volatile weather-related markets, which generally have higher risk and, therefore, higher average premiums per policy. These mix shifts in our personal property business were partially offset by aggregate rate increases of 15% taken over the last 12 months and higher premium coverages reflecting increased property values.
25
The decrease in average written premium per policy in our core commercial auto products was due to a shift in the mix of business, primarily driven by decreased demand in our for-hire transportation BMT and, to a lesser extent, the for-hire specialty BMT, partially offset by rate increases of about 6%, in the aggregate, over the trailing 12 months. Given that our personal property and commercial auto policies are predominately written for 12-month terms, rate actions take longer to earn into premium for these products.
We will continue to monitor the factors that could impact our loss costs for both segments, which may include tariffs, as discussed above, new and used car prices, miles driven, driving patterns, loss severity, weather events, building materials, construction costs, inflation, and other factors, on a state-by-state basis.
We believe a key element in improving the accuracy of our personal auto rating is Snapshot
®
, our usage-based insurance offering. During the first quarter 2025, the personal auto adoption rates for consumers enrolling in the program decreased 1% in agency and increased 9% in direct, compared to the same period last year. The increase in the direct adoption rate primarily reflected enhancements in the direct quoting process, in addition to the continued rollout of our newest Snapshot model. Snapshot is available in all states, other than California, and our latest segmentation model was available in states that represented 78% of our countrywide personal auto net premiums written (excluding California) on a trailing 12-month basis at quarter end. We continue to invest in our mobile application, with the majority of new enrollments choosing mobile devices for Snapshot monitoring.
We realize