which includes
nine
states in which classes have been certified, as noted above, and lawsuits styled as putative class actions pending in additional states. These lawsuits, which were filed at different times by different plaintiffs, feature certain similar claims and also include different allegations and are subject to various state laws. While we believe we have meritorious defenses and we are vigorously contesting these lawsuits, an unfavorable result in, or a settlement of, a significant number of these lawsuits could, in aggregation, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows, and/or results of operations. Based on information available to us, we determined that losses from these lawsuits are reasonably possible but neither probable nor reasonably estimable, other than for suits for which accruals have been established and are not material, as of March 31, 2025.
With respect to our pending lawsuits that are not related to claims under insurance policies, the accruals that we have established were not material at March 31, 2025 and 2024, or December 31, 2024, and there were no material settlements during 2024 or the first three months of 2025. For most of these lawsuits, we do not consider any losses to be both probable and estimable, and we are unable to estimate a meaningful range of loss, if any, at this time, due to the factors discussed in
Note 12 – Litigation
in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. In the event that any one or more of these lawsuits results in a substantial judgment against us, or settlement by us, or if our accruals (if any) prove to be inadequate, the resulting liability could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, and/or results of operations. For a further discussion on our pending litigation and related reserving policies, see
Note 1 – Reporting and Accounting Policies
and
Note 12 – Litigation
in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
23
ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
I.  OVERVIEW
The Progressive Corporation’s insurance subsidiaries recognized substantial year-over-year growth in both premiums and policies in force during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, while maintaining an underwriting profit better than our 4% companywide calendar-year underwriting profit goal.
We wrote $22.2 billion of net premiums written during the first quarter 2025, which was $3.2 billion more than we generated during the same period last year, and reported an underwriting profit margin of 14.0%. During the first three months of 2025, companywide net premiums written and earned increased 17% and 20%, respectively, compared to the same period last year, and policies in force increased 18%. Companywide policies in force grew by 1.3 million policies since December 31, 2024, and by 5.5 million since March 31, 2024, to end the first quarter 2025 with 36.3 million policies in