included:
•
current performance indicators on the business model or underlying assets (e.g., delinquency rates, foreclosure rates, and default rates);
•
credit support (via current levels of subordination);
•
historical credit ratings; and
•
updated cash flow expectations based upon these performance indicators.
In order to determine the amount of credit loss, if any, we initially reviewed securities in a loss position to determine whether it was likely that we would be required, or intended, to sell any of the securities prior to the recovery of their respective cost bases (which could be maturity). If we were likely to, or intended to, sell prior to a potential recovery, we would write off the unrealized loss. We did not have an intention to sell any securities in a gross unrealized loss position at March 31, 2025 or March 31, 2024.
For those securities that we determined we were not likely to, or did not intend to, sell prior to a potential recovery,
we performed additional analysis to determine if the loss was credit related. For securities subject to credit-related loss, we calculated the net present value (NPV) of the cash flows expected (i.e., expected recovery value) using the current book yield for each security. The NPV was then compared to the security’s current amortized value to determine if a credit loss existed. In the event that the NPV was below the amortized value, and the amount was determined to be material on any specific security, or in the aggregate, a credit loss would be deemed to exist, and either an allowance for credit losses would be created, or if an allowance currently existed, either a recovery of the previous allowance, or an incremental loss, would be recorded to net realized gains (losses) on securities.
As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, and December 31, 2024, we believe that none of the unrealized losses on our fixed-maturity securities were related to material credit losses on any specific securities, or in the aggregate. We continue to expect all the securities in our fixed-maturity portfolio to pay their principal and interest obligations.
In addition, we reviewed our accrued investment income outstanding on those securities in an unrealized loss position at March 31, 2025 and 2024, and December 31, 2024, to determine if the accrued interest amounts were uncollectible. Based on our analysis, we believe the issuers have sufficient liquidity and capital reserves to meet their current interest, and future principal obligations and, therefore, did
no
t write off any accrued income as uncollectible at March 31, 2025 and 2024, or December 31, 2024.
9
Realized Gains (Losses)
The components of net realized gains (losses) for the three months ended March 31, were:
Realized gains (losses) on securities sold are computed using the first-in-first-out method. During the first three months of 2025 and 2024, the majority of our security sales were U.S. Treasury Notes that were sold for duration management. We also selectively