affected Robinsons new application, quote, and conversion growth in the agency channel were not as impactful to the direct channel as the majority of the property business bundles with personal auto in the direct channel is written through unaffiliated third-party carriers, which remain available even when we restrict writing our personal property products.
Written premium per policy increased for new and renewal personal auto direct business during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by the rate increases made during the last 12 months.
Our trailing 3- and 12-month policy life expectancy in the direct auto business experienced a decrease at the end of the first quarter 2025, on a year-over-year basis, which we believe is primarily driven by a shift in the mix of business and increased consumer shopping.
Personal Property
The year-over-year changes in our personal property business were as follows:
Our personal property business writes residential property insurance for homeowners and renters, umbrella, and flood insurance through the “Write Your Own” program for the National Flood Insurance Program. Our personal property business insurance is written in the agency and direct channels.
In addition to reducing our geographic footprint in more volatile weather-related markets (e.g., coastal and hail-
prone states), we continued to focus on achieving profitability goals in markets that are less susceptible to
catastrophes for our homeowners products, which we define as our total personal property business excluding renters and umbrella products. In the growth-oriented states, policies in force increased 14% on a year-over-year basis as of March 31, 2025. Policies in force decreased 12% in the volatile weather states as of the end of the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period in the prior year.
During the first quarter 2025, we continued several initiatives, including: (i) prioritizing insuring lower-risk properties (e.g., new construction, existing homes with newer roofs); (ii) having underwriting restrictions in place in most states, to only accept new personal property business (e.g., home or condo) when the property policy is bundled with a Progressive personal auto policy, where permitted; (iii) restricting new business and non-renewing policies that provide coverage for non-owner-occupied properties (e.g., short-term vacation rental, secondary residence, etc.) in the majority of states; and, (iv) expanding our cost sharing with policyholders through mandatory wind and hail deductibles and roof depreciation schedules in markets where permitted.
In addition, beginning in the second quarter 2024, following the required filings and notices, we began our efforts to non-renew up to 115,000 Property policies in Florida. This effort slowed while the moratoriums were in place in response to Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which temporarily limited an insurer’s ability to non-renew policies, but resumed