strong net premiums written growth. Personal Lines net premiums written grew 20%, with the agency and direct personal vehicle businesses growing 17% and 25%, respectively, while personal property premium growth was flat. Commercial Lines net premiums written grew 5%.
Changes in net premiums written are a function of new business applications (i.e., policies sold), business mix, premium per policy, and retention.
During the first quarter 2025, we experienced a significant increase in total Personal Lines new business applications, primarily driven by increases in our personal vehicle products, due to increased advertising spend, our efforts to get back into the independent agents’ quote flows, and our competitiveness in the marketplace. New personal auto applications increased 32% during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period in the prior year.
In our personal property business, significant growth in new applications in our renters policies was offset by declines in our homeowners, condo, and dwelling products. The new application growth in our homeowners/condo products was down just over 55% on a year-over-year basis for the first quarter 2025, with decreases in both less volatile weather-related states and in the more volatile
weather-related markets (e.g., coastal and hail-prone states).
During the first quarter 2025, in our personal property business, we continued to focus on improving profitability and reducing exposure in more volatile weather-related markets, and, where permitted, on slowing growth and non-renewing policies. We prioritized insuring lower-risk properties (e.g., new construction, existing homes with newer roofs), accepting new business for homeowners/condo products only when bundled with a Progressive personal auto policy, where permitted, and continued to exit the non-owner-occupied home market. In addition, we expanded our cost sharing through mandatory wind and hail deductibles and roof depreciation schedules in markets where permitted. We plan to continue these actions during the remainder of 2025 in the more volatile weather-related markets and will continue to assess rate adequacy, at the state level, to determine readiness for new business growth.
Total Commercial Lines net premiums written growth primarily reflected the renewal of certain of our TNC policies, due to rate increases and higher projected mileage for 2025, compared to 2024, which is the basis for computing premiums. Net premiums written growth for our core commercial auto products, which excludes the impact of the TNC renewal, was flat on a year-over-year basis.
New applications in our core commercial auto business increased 8% during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, primarily due to an increase in quote volume and improved conversion in all of our business market targets (BMT), other than for-hire transportation and for-hire specialty, as discussed below. Excluding the impact of the for-hire transportation and