core commercial auto premiums written through the direct channel.
B. Profitability
Profitability for our underwriting operations is defined by pretax underwriting profit or loss, which is calculated as net premiums earned plus fees and other revenues less losses and loss adjustment expenses, policy acquisition costs, and other underwriting expenses. We also use underwriting margin, which is underwriting profit or loss expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned, to analyze our results. For the respective periods, our underwriting profitability results were as follows:
1
Underwriting margins for our other indemnity businesses are not meaningful (NM) due to the low level of premiums earned by, and the variability of loss costs in, such businesses.
While our underwriting profit margin was relatively flat on a year-over-year basis for the first quarter 2025, our companywide loss and loss adjustment expense (LAE) ratio decreased 2.0 points, which was mostly offset by a 1.9 point increase in the expense ratio.
The decrease in the loss and LAE ratio was primarily driven by favorable prior accident years reserve development and decreased incurred personal and commercial auto accident frequency. The increase in our companywide expense ratio during the first quarter 2025, primarily reflected increased advertising expense. During the first quarter 2025, our advertising spend was $1.3 billion, which was 86%, or 2.3 points, greater than the first quarter last year.
See the
Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (LAE)
section below for further discussion of our catastrophe losses, frequency and severity trends, and reserve development recognized during the periods and the
Underwriting Expense
section for further discussion of our advertising and non-acquisition expenses.
29
Further underwriting results for our Personal Lines business, Commercial Lines business, and our underwriting operations in total, were as follows:
1
Ratios are expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. Fees and other revenues are netted against either loss adjustment expenses or underwriting expenses in the ratio calculations, based on the underlying activity that generated the revenue.
2
The accident year ratios include only the losses that occurred during the period noted. As a result, accident period results will change over time, either favorably or unfavorably, as we revise our estimates of loss costs when payments are made or reserves for that accident period are reviewed.
30
Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (LAE)
Claims costs, our most significant expense, represent payments made, and estimated future payments to be made, to or on behalf of our policyholders, including expenses needed to adjust or settle claims. Claims costs are a function of loss severity and frequency and, for our personal auto and core commercial auto businesses, are influenced by inflation and driving patterns, among other
factors, some of which are discussed below. In our personal property