loss program, we also entered into a severe convective storm parametric loss aggregate coverage, which covers a type of thunderstorm characterized by strong winds, heavy rain, large hail, thunder, lightning, and sometimes tornadoes. This parametric loss coverage provides $15 million of coverage, net of a retention of $665 million.
While the total coverage limit and per-event retention will evolve to fit the growth of our business, we expect to remain a consistent purchaser of reinsurance coverage. While the availability of reinsurance is subject to many forces outside of our control, the types of reinsurance that
we elected to purchase during the first quarter 2025 were readily available and competitively priced. On a year-over-year basis, we did not incur a material change in the aggregate costs of our reinsurance programs. See
Item 1A, Risk Factors
in our 2024 Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, for the year ended December 31, 2024, for a discussion of certain risks related
31
to catastrophe events. See
Item 1, Business – Reinsurance
on Form 10-K for a discussion of our various reinsurance programs.
The following discussion of our severity and frequency trends in our personal auto business excludes comprehensive coverage because of its inherent volatility, as it is typically linked to catastrophic losses generally resulting from adverse weather. For our core commercial auto business, the reported frequency and severity trends include comprehensive coverage. Comprehensive coverage insures against damage to a customer’s vehicle due to various causes other than collision, such as windstorm, hail, theft, falling objects, and glass breakage.
On a calendar-year basis, the change in total personal auto incurred severity (i.e., average cost per claim, including both paid losses and the change in case reserves) over the prior-year period, was as follows:
The year-over-year increase in total severity, in part, reflects the impact of lower salvage and subrogation recoveries on total loss claims during the first quarter of 2025, compared to higher recoveries in the first quarter last year. Excluding the impact of these recoveries, the change in severity for collision would have been consistent with that of property damage.
To address inherent seasonality trends and lessen the effects of month-to-month variability in the commercial auto products, we use a trailing 12-month period in assessing severity. Since the loss patterns in the core commercial auto products are not indicative of our other commercial auto products (i.e., TNC and Fleet & Specialty businesses), disclosing severity and frequency trends excluding those businesses is more representative of our overall experience for the majority of our commercial products. As of the end of the first quarter 2025, our core commercial auto products’ trailing 12-month incurred
severity increased 10%, compared to the same period last year, in part, due to prior years unfavorable