2017 until a change in their eligibility requirements for such companies in 2023. Following this change, we joined the S&P 500 index in September 2024. Any such existing or new policies may depress our valuation compared to those of other similar companies that do not have multi-class governance structures.
Future issuances of our Class A common stock will dilute the voting power of our Class A common stockholders but may not result in further dilution of the voting power of our Founders who are then party to the Founder Voting Agreement.
Future issuances of our Class A common stock will dilute the voting power of our Class A common stockholders, and future issuances to stockholders other than our Founders who are then party to the Founder Voting Agreement will dilute the economic interests of our Founders and their affiliates. However, because of the voting rights of the shares of Class F common stock, in the event that our Founders and their affiliates have less than 49.999999% of the Voting Power prior to giving effect to the voting power of the Class F common stock, future issuances of Class A common stock to stockholders other than our Founders and their affiliates will generally not result in dilution of the voting power of our Founders who are then party to the Founder Voting Agreement or their affiliates, but rather, will correspondingly increase the voting power of the Class F common stock. Any future issuances of additional shares of Class A common stock will not be subject to approval by our stockholders except as required by the Nasdaq listing standards.
General Risk Factors
Adverse economic conditions or reduced technology spending may adversely impact our business.
Our business depends on the economic health of our current and prospective customers and overall demand for technology. In addition, the purchase of our platforms and services is often discretionary and typically involves a significant commitment of capital and other resources. In recent years, the United States, the EU, and the U.K. have experienced historically high levels of inflation. Although inflation levels have decreased from their highest levels in the United States, the EU, and the U.K., the U.S. Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank, and the Bank of England have raised, and could maintain or raise, interest rates and implement fiscal policy interventions. Even if these interventions lower inflation, they may also reduce economic growth rates, create a recession, and have other similar effects. Downturns in macroeconomic conditions, including heightened interest rates; supply chain disruptions; global political and economic uncertainty; geopolitical tensions, such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, and the conflict resulting from Hamas’ attack on Israel and ongoing conflict in the Middle East; a lack of availability of credit; a reduction in business confidence and activity; the curtailment of government or corporate spending; public health concerns or