and Administrative
General and administrative costs include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in our executive, finance, legal, human resources, and administrative functions, as well as third-party professional services and fees, travel costs, and allocated overhead.
We expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we hire additional personnel and enhance our systems, processes, and controls to support the growth in our business as well as our continuing compliance and reporting requirements as a public company.
27
Table of contents
Interest Income
Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury securities, and restricted cash balances.
Other Income (Expense), Net
Other income (expense), net consists primarily of realized and unrealized losses from equity securities and foreign currency exchange gains and losses.
Provision for Income Taxes
Provision for income taxes consists of income taxes related to foreign and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business and withholding taxes.
Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents the share of income that is not attributable to the Company.
Segments
We have two operating segments, commercial and government, which were determined based on the manner in which the chief operating decision maker, who is our Chief Executive Officer, manages our operations for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating performance. Various factors, including our organizational and management reporting structure and customer type, were considered in determining these operating segments.
Our operating segments are described below:
•
Commercial:
This segment primarily serves customers working in non-government industries.
•
Government:
This segment primarily serves customers that are U.S. government and non-U.S. government agencies.
Segment profitability is evaluated based on contribution and contribution margin. Contribution is segment revenue less the related costs of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense. Contribution margin is contribution divided by revenue. To the extent costs of revenue or sales and marketing expenses are not directly attributable to a particular segment, they are allocated based upon headcount at each operating segment during the period. We use it, in part, to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, each of our operating segments, which excludes certain operating expenses that are not allocated to operating segments because they are separately managed at the consolidated corporate level or are noncash costs. These noncash or unallocated costs include stock-based compensation expense, research and development costs, and general and administrative costs.
28
Table of contents
Results of Operations
The following table summarizes