144 or the availability of an alternative exemption, the shares issued upon exercise of stock options or SARs, or upon settlement of RSUs or P-RSUs will be available for immediate resale in the United States in the open market.
We also may issue our capital stock or securities convertible into our capital stock from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investments or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline.
76
Table of contents
There are no guarantees that our Share Repurchase Program will result in increased shareholder value.
In August 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing for the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). We have repurchased, and may continue to repurchase, shares of Class A common stock from time to time, as authorized by our Board of Directors, through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The timing and the amount of stock repurchases in the Share Repurchase Program will be determined by Palantir’s management, based on its evaluation of factors including business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other considerations.
There are a number of ways in which the Share Repurchase Program could fail to result in enhanced shareholder value. For example, any failure to repurchase stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our stock price. The existence of the Share Repurchase Program could also cause our stock price to trade higher than it otherwise would and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. The market price of our common stock could decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the effectiveness of this program.
Additionally, repurchasing our Class A common stock will reduce the amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities we have available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, capital preserving investments, strategic acquisitions or business opportunities, and other general corporate purposes, and there are no guarantees that the Share Repurchase Program will result in increased shareholder value. Furthermore, the timing and amount of repurchases have been, and will in the future be, subject to liquidity, market and economic conditions, compliance with applicable legal requirements, and other relevant factors.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened