term of the SAR. The Company has never paid and has no plans to pay dividends on its common stock, therefore the expected dividend yield is zero.
15
Table of contents
Palantir Technologies Inc.
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
RSUs and P-RSUs
The following table summarizes the RSU and P-RSU activity for the three months ended March 31, 2025 (in thousands, except per share amounts):
—————
(1)
This amount represents the difference between the maximum number of shares that could have been issued under the grant and the actual number of shares earned based on final performance.
As of March 31, 2025, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs outstanding was $
663.7
million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average service period of
three years
. As of March 31, 2025, there was
no
unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the P-RSUs outstanding.
Stock-based Compensation Expense
Total stock-based compensation expense was as follows (in thousands):
10.
Income Taxes
The Company recorded a provision for income taxes of $
5.6
million and $
4.7
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. as well as other tax jurisdictions in which it conducts business. The Company’s effective tax rate as of March 31, 2025 differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to
foreign income taxed at different rates, non-deductible stock-based compensation, other non-deductible expenses, and valuation allowances recorded on its deferred tax assets from the U.S., United Kingdom (“U.K.”), and other jurisdictions
. The provision for income taxes increased by an immaterial amount for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024.
The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in future periods. The Company assesses its ability to realize the deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis, and it establishes a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company weighs all available positive and negative evidence, including its earnings history and results of recent operations, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. For example, due to the weight of objectively verifiable negative evidence, including its history of U.S. and U.K. net operating tax losses, the Company has maintained a full valuation allowance on its U.S. and U.K. deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2025. However, given the Company’s recent earnings and anticipated future earnings, there is a reasonable possibility that it will have sufficient positive evidence in the future to release all or a portion of the valuation allowance it recorded against its deferred tax assets.
16
Table of contents