possible civil or criminal litigation could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations.
Also, we are expanding operations, including our work with existing commercial customers, into countries in Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and elsewhere, which may place restrictions on the transfer of data and potentially the import and use of foreign encryption technology. Any of these risks could harm our non-U.S. operations and reduce our non-U.S. sales, adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects.
Some of our business partners also have non-U.S. operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of our own non-U.S. operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks.
Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations or contractual requirements could harm our business, and we have been, and expect to be, the subject of legal and regulatory inquiries, which may result in monetary payments or may otherwise negatively impact our reputation, business, and results of operations.
Our business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, local, and foreign governments in which we operate. In certain jurisdictions, the regulatory requirements imposed by foreign governments may be more stringent than those in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, administrative proceedings, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, litigation, civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, exclusion from sales channels or sales opportunities, injunctions, or other consequences. Such matters may include, but are not limited to, claims, disputes, allegations, or investigations related to alleged violations of laws or regulations relating to anti-corruption requirements, lobbying or conflict-of-interest requirements, export or other trade controls, data privacy or data protection requirements, or laws or regulations relating to employment, procurement, cybersecurity, securities, or antitrust/competition requirements. The effects of recently imposed and proposed actions are uncertain because of the dynamic nature of governmental action and responses. For example, governmental bodies have implemented laws and are considering further regulation of AI (including machine learning), which could negatively impact our ability to use and develop platforms and products incorporating these technologies. The European Union Parliament adopted the EU AIA, that, when effective, will impose onerous obligations related to the development, sale and use of AI-related systems. In addition, Colorado has passed a Consumer Protections for Artificial Intelligence bill introducing state-level oversight of “high-risk” AI systems, which mirrors language and several