provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims against us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations.
Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets or the perception that sales might occur, including sales by our Founders and their affiliates, could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline.
Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets or the perception that sales might occur, could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline.
In addition to the supply and demand and volatility risk factors discussed above, sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock into the public market, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders, or the perception that these sales might occur in large quantities, could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline. As of March 31, 2025, approximately 1.7 million options will expire through December 2025 if not exercised prior to their respective expiration dates, and we expect many holders will elect to exercise such options prior to expiration. Upon exercise, the holders will receive shares of our Class A or Class B common stock, which may subsequently be sold.
As of March 31, 2025, there were 2,262,655,501 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding, 96,002,664 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding and 1,005,000 shares of our Class F common stock outstanding. Substantially all of these shares may be immediately sold, although sales by our affiliates remain subject to compliance with the volume limitations of Rule 144.
Further, as of March 31, 2025, there were outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 31,954,335 shares of our Class A common stock and 132,550,461 shares of our Class B common stock, 28,628,169 shares of our Class A common stock and 29,625,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to RSUs, 6,447,652 shares of our Class A common stock subject to SARs and 318,561 shares of our Class A common stock subject to P-RSUs. All shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans have been registered for sale under the Securities Act. Subject to compliance with Rule