isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.
We compensate for these limitations by providing reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures. We encourage investors and others to review our business, results of operations, and financial information in their entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure, and to view these non-GAAP measures in conjunction with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
25
Table of contents
Contribution Margin
The following table provides a reconciliation of contribution margin for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands, except percentages):
————
(1)
Excludes stock-based compensation.
Gross Profit and Gross Margin, Excluding Stock-Based Compensation
The following table provides a reconciliation of gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands, except percentages):
Adjusted Income from Operations
The following table provides a reconciliation of adjusted income from operations, which excludes stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands):
Components of Results of Operations
Revenue
We generate revenue from the sale of subscriptions to access our software platforms in our hosted environment along with ongoing operating and maintenance (“O&M”) services (“Palantir Cloud”), software subscriptions in our customers’ environments with ongoing O&M services (“On-Premises Software”), and professional services.
Palantir Cloud
Our Palantir Cloud subscriptions grant customers the right to access the software functionality in a hosted environment controlled by Palantir and are sold together with stand-ready O&M services, as further described below. We agree to provide continuous access to our hosted software throughout the contract term. Revenue associated with Palantir Cloud subscriptions is
26
Table of contents
generally recognized over the contract term on a ratable basis, which is consistent with the transfer of control of the Palantir services to the customer.
On-Premises Software
Sales of our software licenses, primarily term licenses, grant customers the right to use functional intellectual property, either on their internal hardware infrastructure or on their own cloud instance, over the contractual term and are also sold together with stand-ready O&M services. O&M services include critical updates and support and maintenance services required to operate the software and, as such, are necessary for the software to maintain its intended utility over the contractual term. Because of this requirement, we have concluded that the software licenses and O&M services, which together we refer to as our On-Premises Software, are highly interdependent and interrelated and represent a single distinct performance obligation within the context of the contract. Revenue is generally