included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Expansion of Access to Platforms
The speed with which our platforms can be deployed has significantly expanded the range of potential customers with which we plan on partnering over the long term. We anticipate that our reach among an increasingly broad set of customers, in both the commercial and government sectors, will accelerate moving forward. We believe that, as these new partners grow, we will grow with them.
Our proximity to these businesses and the industries in which they are operating has enhanced, and is expected to continue enhancing, our own product and business development efforts, as we continue expanding access to our platforms to the broadest possible set of customers.
23
Table of contents
Macroeconomic Trends
As a corporation with an international presence, we are subject to risks and uncertainties caused by significant events with macroeconomic impacts, including, but not limited to, geopolitical tensions, heightened interest rates, monetary policy changes,  foreign currency fluctuations, and the imposition of tariffs or other impacts on trade relations. Additionally, these macroeconomic impacts have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, the operations of our customers and prospective customers. We continuously monitor the direct and indirect impacts of these circumstances on our business and financial results, as well as the overall global economy and geopolitical landscape.
See the section titled
“Risk Factors”
included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion of the impact of macroeconomic trends on our business.
Geopolitical Tensions
Our business operations are subject to interruption by events that are beyond our control, including geopolitical tensions. We continue to closely monitor the impact of various geopolitical tensions and their global impacts on our business. While the ongoing Russia-Ukraine, and Israel and broader Middle East conflicts are still evolving and the outcomes remain highly uncertain, we do not expect that the resulting challenging macroeconomic conditions will have a material impact on our business or results of operations.
We do not currently have office locations in Russia or Palestinian territories and none of our revenues came from sales to entities headquartered in those countries or territories. Our current operations related to Ukraine and Israel are not material to our financial position or results of operations. If the respective conflicts continue or worsen, leading to greater disruptions and uncertainty within the technology industry or global economy, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rates
Exchange rates are subject to significant and rapid fluctuations due to a number of factors, including interest rate changes, monetary policy changes, and political and economic uncertainty which may adversely affect our results of operations or financial