recognized over the contract term on a ratable basis.
Professional Services
Our professional services support the customers’ use of the software and include, as needed, on-demand user support, user-interface configuration, training, and ongoing ontology and data modeling support. Professional services contracts typically include the provision of on-demand professional services for the duration of the contractual term, which may be coterminous or non-coterminous with a Palantir Cloud subscription or the On-Premises Software. Professional services are on-demand, whereby we perform services throughout the service period; therefore, the revenue is recognized over the related term.
Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue primarily includes salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in performing O&M and professional services, as well as subcontractor expenses, field-service representatives, third-party cloud hosting services, hardware costs, travel costs, allocated overhead, and other direct costs.
We expect that cost of revenue will increase in absolute dollars as our revenue grows and will vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue.
Sales and Marketing
Our sales and marketing efforts span all stages of our sales cycle, including personnel involved with sales functions, and executing pilots at new or existing customers. Sales and marketing costs primarily include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, variable compensation, including commissions, and benefits for our sales force and personnel involved in sales functions, executing on pilots, including bootcamps, and customer growth activities; as well as third-party cloud hosting services for our pilots, marketing and sales event-related costs, travel costs, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing costs are generally expensed as incurred.
We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our potential and current customers, in growing our business, in our sales force, and in enhancing our brand awareness.
Research and Development
Our research and development efforts are aimed at continuing to develop and refine our offerings, including adding new platforms, features, and modules, increasing their functionality, and enhancing the usability of our platforms. Research and development costs primarily include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in performing the activities to develop and refine our platforms and products, as well as third-party cloud hosting services and other IT-related costs, travel costs, and allocated overhead. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
We plan to continue to invest in personnel to support our research and development efforts. As a result, we expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest to support these activities.
General