generally incurred upfront, while our revenue from customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. Furthermore, our sales model has historically required us to spend months and invest significant resources working with customers on pilot deployments at no or low cost to them. Though we have begun to
37
Table of contents
integrate shorter, more cost-effective programs such as bootcamps, these initial deployments (including bootcamps) may result in no or minimal future revenue. We may also encounter unforeseen or unpredictable factors, including adverse macroeconomic conditions, unforeseen operating expenses, or other complications or delays, which may result in increased costs, or cause us to generate less revenue from our customers than we anticipated. We may not be able to continue to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset increases in our costs of revenue and operating expenses in the near term or at all, which would prevent us from maintaining profitability in the future. Any failure by us to maintain or increase profitability in the future or achieve our profitability targets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth in the future.
Although our revenue has increased in recent periods, there can be no assurances that our revenue will continue to grow or do so at current rates, and you should not rely on the revenue of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in the past, and may continue to fluctuate in future periods. In addition, as we continue to expand our platform and product offerings, or experience greater adoption of certain of our platform and product offerings, we have and may continue to experience variability in our revenue growth in certain markets or with certain customer segments relative to other markets or customer segments. Many factors may contribute to declines or variability in our revenue growth, including macroeconomic factors, increased competition, slowing demand for our platforms from existing and new customers, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, terminations of existing contracts or failure to exercise existing options by our customers, and the maturation of our business, among others. If our revenue growth or revenue growth rate declines overall, or with respect to certain areas of our business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense, and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable.
Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our standard sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organizational needs of our potential