costs associated with a potential data security incident. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for cyber liability or errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim as a result of inapplicability of coverage or administrative or procedural issues. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could harm our financial condition.
Issues raised by the use of AI (including machine learning, large language and other generative AI models, and software functionality to operationalize the foregoing) in our platforms and business may result in reputational harm or liability.
AI is enabled by or integrated into some of our technology platforms and is a significant and growing element of our business. We have also incorporated AI into certain operations within our business, including by using our platforms for internal functions, and have developed internal policies to govern AI use. As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. AI algorithms and models may be flawed. Datasets in AI training, development, or operations may be insufficient, of poor quality, reflect unwanted forms of bias, or raise other legal concerns (such as concerns regarding copyright protections). Inappropriate or controversial data practices by, or practices reflecting inherent biases of, data scientists, engineers, and end-users of our systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions. Third-party AI capabilities that can be integrated with our platforms could also produce false or “hallucinatory” inferences about customer data or enterprises, or other information or subject matter. If the recommendations, forecasts, or analyses that AI applications assist in producing are deficient, unreliable, or inaccurate, we could be subject to competitive harm, potential legal liability, including under existing, forthcoming, or proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the EU, and brand or reputational harm. The rapid evolution of AI and its evolving regulatory landscape may also require additional resources to develop, test, and maintain our platforms and products to help ensure that AI is implemented appropriately in order to minimize unintended or harmful impact, which may be costly and may not produce the benefits and results that we expect.
Some AI scenarios present ethical issues, and the enablement or integration of AI into our platforms may subject us to new or heightened legal, regulatory, ethical, or other challenges, the