the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, legal challenges to the mechanisms allowing companies to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area to certain other jurisdictions, including the United States, have occurred and new legal challenges could emerge, resulting in further limitations on the ability to transfer data across borders. The California state legislature passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) in 2018 and California voters approved a ballot measure establishing the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) in 2020. The CCPA and CPRA regulate the processing of personal information of California residents and increase the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information of California residents, including requiring covered companies to provide disclosures to California consumers, and affording such consumers abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Attorney General may bring enforcement actions, with penalties for violations of the CCPA. The CPRA went into effect on January 1, 2023 instilling enforcement authority in a new dedicated regulatory body, the California Privacy Protection Agency. The CCPA’s enactment marked the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, as observed with the subsequent adoption of state-level comprehensive consumer privacy legislation. For example, Connecticut, Virginia, Colorado and Utah each has enacted legislation similar to the CCPA and CPRA that took effect in 2023; Florida, Montana, Oregon, and Texas each has enacted similar legislation that took effect in 2024; Tennessee, Iowa, Delaware, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Maryland, Minnesota, and Nebraska each has enacted similar legislation that have taken, or will take, effect in 2025; and Indiana, Kentucky, and Rhode Island each has enacted similar legislation that will become effective in 2026. Additionally, states have adopted other laws and regulations relating to privacy and cybersecurity, such as Washington’s My Health, My Data Act, which includes a private right of action.
We cannot yet fully assess the impact of these laws and other new laws or regulations on our business or operations, but developments regarding these and other privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to maintain compliance on an ongoing basis. Outside of the United States, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own legal framework relating to privacy, data protection, and information security matters with which we and/or our customers must comply. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, retention,
63
Table of contents
disclosure, security, transfer, and other processing of data