shares subject to the Founder Voting Agreement are voted. In such cases, the voting power of our outstanding capital stock will be further concentrated among the remaining Founders, which may be as few as one. Further, if there are only two Founders who are party to the Founder Voting Agreement, one Founder will be able to effectively defeat any stockholder action, except for the election of directors or other matters that are decided by a plurality of votes, if his instruction to vote the shares of Class F common stock differs from the other Founder. The Founders who are then party to the Founder
79
Table of contents
Voting Agreement will retain the right to direct the voting of the Class F common stock without regard to their employment status with us.
All shares of our Class F common stock are held in the Founder Voting Trust and voted pursuant to the Founder Voting Trust Agreement. Accordingly, our Founders who are then party to the Founder Voting Agreement will control any vote that requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our Class F common stock, including action of our stockholders by written consent, the designation or issuance by us of shares of preferred stock, and certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to our preferred stock.
Although we are a third-party beneficiary of the Founder Voting Agreement and the Founder Voting Trust Agreement, we do not have a general consent right with respect to amendments thereto, and either agreement may be amended or modified in the future in a manner that is adverse to our stockholders, which may include increasing the ability of one or more of our Founders to exercise control over matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders.
In certain circumstances in the future, the Founders and their affiliates could have voting power that exceeds 49.999999% of the Voting Power.
If the voting power of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock held by the Founders or their affiliates that are subject to the Founder Voting Agreement or are Designated Founders’ Excluded Shares collectively equals greater than 49.999999% of the Voting Power with respect to a matter submitted to our stockholders, then the Class F common stock will have zero votes with respect to such matter. In this case, although the shares of our Class F common stock would generally be entitled to zero votes per share on that matter, all of the shares that are then subject to the Founder Voting Agreement would continue to be voted in accordance with the decision of a majority in number of the Founders who are then party to the Founder Voting Agreement.
For example, if the Founders and their affiliates hold shares other than the Class F common stock, such as Class B common stock, that, in the aggregate, have voting power that exceeds 49.999999% of the Voting Power with respect to a matter submitted to our stockholders, then the total voting power of the Founders and