end of the stated term with less than twelve months’
9
Table of contents
Palantir Technologies Inc.
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
notice. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents noncancelable contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and, in certain instances, amounts that will be invoiced. The Company has elected the practical expedient allowing the Company to not disclose remaining performance obligations for contracts with original terms of twelve months or less. Cancelable contracted revenue, which includes customer deposits, is not considered a remaining performance obligation.
The Company’s remaining performance obligations were $
1.9
billion as of March 31, 2025, of which the Company expects to recognize approximately
47
% as revenue over the next
12
months,
41
% as revenue over the subsequent
13
to
36
months, and the remainder thereafter.
Disaggregation of Revenue
See
Note 12. Segment and Geographic Information
for disaggregated revenue by customer segment and geographic region.
4.
Investments and Fair Value Measurements
The following tables present the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in thousands):
Certificates of Deposit
The Company’s certificates of deposit are Level 2 instruments. The fair value of such instruments is estimated based on valuations obtained from third-party pricing services that utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income-based and market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable either directly or indirectly. These inputs include interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings.
10
Table of contents
Palantir Technologies Inc.
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Debt Securities
As of March 31, 2025, available-for-sale debt securities, all of which are included in marketable securities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet, consisted of the following (in thousands):
As of December 31, 2024, available-for-sale debt securities, all of which are included in marketable securities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet, consisted of the following (in thousands):
The Company sold $
279.7
million of available-for-sale debt securities during the three months ended March 31, 2025. The realized gains and losses from those sales were immaterial.
No
available-for-sale debt securities were sold during the three months ended March 31, 2024.
No
credit or non-credit losses related to debt securities were recorded as of March 31, 2025 or 2024. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, available-for-sale debt securities of $
3.1
billion and $
0.7
billion, respectively, were in an unrealized loss position primarily due to unfavorable changes in interest rates subsequent to initial purchase.
None
of the available-for-sale debt securities held as