adversely impact our provision for income taxes, net income, and cash flows. We have considered the impact of Pillar Two rules and determined that we became subject to such rules starting January 1, 2024 in some jurisdictions, but we do not believe that such developments will have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations in the future.
As a result of the heightened scrutiny of corporate taxation policies, prior decisions by tax authorities regarding treatments and positions of corporate income taxes could be subject to enforcement activities, and legislative investigation and inquiry, which could also result in changes in tax policies or prior tax rulings. Any substantial changes in domestic or international corporate tax policies, regulations or guidance, enforcement activities or legislative initiatives may materially adversely affect our business, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our financial condition and results of operations generally.
We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
We record an asset for the future tax benefits from unused U.S. federal, state, and foreign net operating losses (“NOLs”) and tax credits subject to a full valuation allowance. Federal, state, and foreign taxing bodies often place limitations on NOLs and tax credit carryforward benefits. As a result, we may not be able to utilize our NOLs and tax credits. In general, under Section 382 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. If our existing NOLs are subject to limitations arising from an ownership change, our ability to utilize NOLs could be limited by Section 382 of the Code, and a certain amount of our prior year NOLs could expire without benefit. Changes in the law may also impact our ability to use our NOLs and tax credit carryforwards.
In addition, there is also a risk that the expiration of our existing NOLs or tax credits or a limitation on their use to offset future income tax liabilities could result from statutory or regulatory changes. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs, which could potentially result in increased future tax liabilities to us and could adversely affect our results of operations.
For additional information, see
Note 10. Income Taxes
in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Our results of operations may be harmed if we are required to collect sales or other related taxes for our license arrangements in jurisdictions where we have not