face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro, JPY, and GBP. We expect our non-U.S. operations to continue to grow in the near term and we are continually monitoring our foreign currency exposure to determine if we should consider a hedging program. Today, our non-U.S. contracts are denominated in either U.S. dollars or local currency, while our non-U.S. operating expenses are often denominated in local currencies. However, as we expand our non-U.S. operations, a larger portion of our operating expenses may be denominated in local currencies and we may also hold monetary assets and liabilities in currencies other than the respective subsidiaries’ functional currency. Volatility in exchange rates and global financial markets is expected to continue due to political and economic uncertainty globally.
When the U.S. dollar strengthens compared to other currencies, it generally increases the real cost of our platforms to our customers outside of the United States, which could reduce demand for our platforms and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Continued increases in the value of the U.S. dollar and decreases in the value of foreign currencies could result in the dollar equivalent of our revenues being lower, result in increased expenses for our non-U.S. operations, or otherwise impact our financial condition and results of operations.
Natural disasters, including climate change, and other catastrophic events beyond our control could harm our business.
Natural disasters, including climate change, or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, non-U.S. commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a negative effect on us. Our business operations have been, and could in the future be, subject to interruption by natural disasters, earthquakes, flooding, fire, power shortages, pandemics (such as COVID-19), terrorism, such as Hamas’ attack against Israel in 2023 and the ensuing conflict, political unrest, cyberattacks including as may be exacerbated by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine and Middle East conflicts, geopolitical tensions including those related to the invasion of Ukraine, the effects of climate change such as drought, wildfires, increased storm severity, and sea level rise, telecommunications failure, vandalism, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, could decrease demand for our services, could make existing customers unable or unwilling to fulfill their contractual requirements to us, including their payment obligations, and could cause us to incur substantial expense, including expenses or liabilities arising from potential litigation. Our