services, including design services, (iii) demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, (iv) sometimes require acceptance provisions that can lead to a delay in revenue recognition, (v) typically have more complex IT and data environments, and (vi) expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. Customers, and sometimes we, may also engage third parties to be the users of, or to integrate their products and services with, our platforms, which may result in contractual complexities and risks, require additional investment of time and human resources to train or work with the third parties and allow third parties (who may be building competitive projects or engaging in other competitive activities, or may not have appropriate organizational or technical expertise) to influence our customers’ perception of our platforms. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these customers. If
51
Table of contents
sales expected from a large customer for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
In addition, part of our growth strategy involves supporting a broader set of potential customers. Sales to such customers involve risks that vary from those present with sales to large or otherwise established organizations, due to their limited operating history, limited resources for adopting new technologies, and uncertain resources for future operations, among other things. Accordingly, we will continue to refine our business strategy and pricing structures to attract and retain such customers, as well as existing and larger customers across the potential customer base. There is no guarantee that our existing or proposed business strategies, including subscription-based or usage-based pricing structures, will achieve broad adoption by current or prospective customers or be appropriately structured to attract and retain other potential customers across the customer base.
If we are not successful in executing our sales strategy, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be adversely affected.
If the market for our platforms and services develops more slowly than we expect, our growth may slow or stall, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.
The market for our platforms is rapidly evolving. Our future success will depend in large part on the growth and expansion of this market, which is difficult to predict and relies on a number of factors, including customer adoption, customer demand, changing customer needs, the entry of competitive products, the success of existing competitive products, potential customers’ willingness to adopt an alternative approach to data collection, storage, and processing and their willingness to invest in new software after significant prior investments in legacy data collection,