divert resources from our core business, including our business development and product development efforts, they may expose us to additional or unexpected liabilities, including as a result of partnering with entities in new or unfamiliar territories or markets, they may conflict with our sales hiring and direct sales strategy, or we may choose a partner that does not cooperate as we expect them to and that fails to meet its obligations or that has economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. For example, in November 2019, we created a jointly controlled entity in Japan with SOMPO Holdings, Inc., in which we subsequently obtained a controlling interest in November 2022. For more information see
Note 14. Business Combinations
in the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 20, 2024. We also created a jointly-owned entity in South Korea with HD Hyundai Co. Ltd. in December 2022 in which we have a controlling interest. We believe these arrangements offer our business strategic operational advantages within Japanese and Korean markets, but they also limit our ability to independently sell our platforms, provide certain services, engage certain customers, or compete in Japanese and Korean markets or related industry verticals, which in turn limits our opportunities for growth in Japan and Korea and, depending on the success of each respective entity, may negatively impact our results. Furthermore, since 2020, we have entered into channel sales relationships and strategic alliances with various global system integrators that we believe provide us with more diverse go-to-market opportunities and access to a wider base of potential customers and pool of qualified subcontractor personnel that we can call upon to enhance and augment our implementation and engineering services.
When we enter into such relationships, our partners may be required to undertake some portion of sales, marketing, implementation services, engineering services, or software configuration that we would otherwise provide. In such cases, our partner may be less successful than we would have otherwise been absent the arrangement and our ability to influence, or have visibility into, the sales, marketing, and related efforts of our partners may be limited. In the event we enter into an arrangement with a particular partner, we may be less likely (or unable) to work with one or more direct competitors of our partner with which we would have worked absent the arrangement. We may have interests that are different from our partners and/or which may affect our ability to successfully collaborate with a given partner. In addition, customer satisfaction with our products provided in connection with these arrangements may be less favorable than anticipated, negatively impacting anticipated revenue growth and results of operations of arrangements in