in and subject to regulatory or other governmental inquiries or investigations, or government or private-party litigation or proceedings for a variety of claims or disputes. These claims, lawsuits, and proceedings have involved, and could in the future involve, labor and employment, discrimination and harassment, commercial disputes, intellectual property rights (including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and other proprietary rights), class actions, general contract, tort, defamation, data privacy rights, antitrust, common law fraud, government regulation, or compliance, alleged federal and state securities and “blue sky” law violations or other investor claims, and other matters. Derivative claims, lawsuits, and proceedings involving breach of fiduciary duty, failure of oversight, corporate waste claims, and other matters have been, and may in the future be, asserted against our officers and directors by our stockholders. In addition, we and certain of our officers and directors were sued in purported class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits. Our business and results may be adversely affected by the outcome of any currently pending or any future legal, regulatory, and/or administrative claims or proceedings, including through monetary damages or injunctive relief.
The number and significance of our legal disputes and inquiries may increase as we continue to grow larger, as our business expands in employee headcount, scope, and geographic reach, and as our platforms and services become more complex. Additionally, if customers fail to pay us under the terms of our agreements, we may be adversely affected due to the cost of enforcing the terms of our contracts through litigation. Litigation or other proceedings can be expensive and time consuming and can divert our resources and leadership’s attention from our primary business operations. The results of our litigation also cannot be predicted with certainty. If we are unable to prevail in litigation, we could incur payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or undesirable changes to our platforms or business practices, and accordingly, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, if we accrue a loss contingency for pending litigation and determine that it is probable, any disclosures, estimates, and reserves we reflect in our financial statements with regard to these matters may not reflect the ultimate disposition or financial impact of litigation or other such matters. These proceedings could also result in negative publicity, which could harm customer and public perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. Additional information regarding certain of the lawsuits we are involved in is described further in
Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies
in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly