regional instability, heightened interest rates, monetary policy changes, foreign currency fluctuations, or the imposition of tariffs or other impacts on trade relations.
In addition, many of our contracts contain termination for convenience provisions, and we may be obligated to repay prepaid amounts or otherwise not realize anticipated future revenue should we fail to provide products or future services as anticipated. These factors make it difficult for us to accurately predict financial metrics for any particular period.
The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other key metrics for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we could face costly lawsuits. We and certain of our officers and directors were sued in purported class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. For additional information see
Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies
in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position.
Historically, the first quarter of our year generally has relatively lower sales, and sales generally increase in each subsequent quarter with substantial increases during our third and fourth quarters ending September 30 and December 31, respectively. We believe that this seasonality results from a number of factors, including:
•
the fiscal year end procurement cycle of our government customers, and in particular U.S. government customers which have a fiscal year end of September 30;
•
the fiscal year budgeting process for our commercial customers, many of which have a fiscal year end of December 31;
•
seasonal reductions in business activity during the summer months in the United States, Europe, and certain other regions; and
•
timing of projects and our customers’ evaluation of our work progress.
This seasonality has historically impacted and may in the future continue to impact the timing of collections and recognized revenue. Because a significant portion of our customer contracts are typically finalized near the end of the year, and we typically invoice customers shortly after entering into a contract, we may receive a portion of our customer payments near the end of the year and record such payment as an increase in deferred revenue or customer deposits (“contract liabilities”), while the revenue from our customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. While we have historically billed and collected payments for multiple contract years from certain customers in advance, we have