financial statements.
5
Table of contents
Palantir Technologies Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity
(in thousands)
(unaudited)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
6
Table of contents
Palantir Technologies Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
(unaudited)
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
7
Table of contents
Palantir Technologies Inc.
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
1.
Organization
Palantir Technologies Inc. (including its subsidiaries, “Palantir” or the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on May 6, 2003. The Company builds and deploys software platforms that serve as the central operating systems for its customers.
2
. Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation and Consolidation
The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States (“U.S.”) generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) regarding interim financial reporting. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Palantir Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in entities where the Company holds at least a 20% ownership interest and has the ability to exercise significant influence over, but does not control, the investee are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Certain prior year balances have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. Such reclassifications did not affect total revenues, income from operations, net income, or cash flows. The Company's fiscal year ends on December 31.
The unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 included herein was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures, including certain notes required by GAAP on an annual reporting basis. In management’s opinion, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the balance sheets and statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full fiscal year or any future period.
These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on February 18, 2025.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial