$5.4 billion.
As of March 31, 2025, we had no outstanding debt balances and additional available and undrawn revolving commitments of $500.0 million under our credit facility. For more information, see
Note 6. Debt
in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
In August 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently retired 0.2 million shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate amount, including commissions, of $18.0 million under the Share Repurchase Program. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $917.8 million of the originally authorized amount under our Share Repurchase Program remained available for future repurchases.
Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate of our growth, our ability to attract and retain customers and their willingness and ability to pay for our products and services, and the timing and extent of spending to support our efforts to market and develop our products. Further, we may enter into future arrangements to acquire or invest in businesses, products, services, strategic partnerships, and technologies; additionally, we have, and may in the future, repurchase shares of our Class A common stock from time to time under our Share Repurchase Program. As such, we may seek additional equity or debt financing on an as needed or opportunistic basis. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If additional funds are not available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. For additional information on our Share Repurchase Program, see
Note 8. Stockholders’ Equity
in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands):
32
Table of contents
Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was $310.3 million and $129.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase was primarily driven by revenue growth partially offset by timing of payments received from customers.
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities was $1.4 billion and $511.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to increased purchases of short-term U.S. Treasury securities compared to the prior year.
Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities was $28.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and net cash provided by