ordinary course of our business, which primarily relate to fluctuations in the value of our investments, interest rates, foreign currency exchange, and inflation.
Market Risk
As of March 31, 2025, we held publicly-traded equity securities valued at $11.4 million. We have sold, and may continue to sell, some or all of such equity securities. These equity securities are often in early- or growth-stage companies that have minimal public trading history; as such the fair value of these equity securities, and the value of our equity holdings, may fluctuate depending on the financial outcome and prospects of the issuers, as well as global market conditions including
33
Table of contents
ongoing volatility related to the Russia-Ukraine, and Israel and broader Middle East conflicts, heightened interest rates, or the imposition of tariffs or other impacts on trade relations.
As of March 31, 2025, we held privately-held equity securities valued at $104.5 million. Valuations of our privately-held equity securities are complex due to, among other things, the lack of liquidity and the lack of readily available market data. Uncertainties in the global economic climate and financial markets, or in the business, financial results, or conditions of companies we hold equity in, could adversely impact the valuations of such companies and, therefore, result in an impairment or downward adjustment in the value of our holdings.
We have and may continue to accept securities as consideration or invest in securities, which may contribute to additional volatility to our condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Interest Rate Risk
Our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and available-for-sale debt securities consist of cash, short-term U.S. Treasury securities, money market funds, and certificates of deposit. The primary objective of our investment activities and strategies are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements.
Due to the short-term nature of the financial instruments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
Our contracts with customers are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, with the remaining denominated in foreign currencies. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations, which are primarily in the United States, United Kingdom, and other countries. Our results of current and future operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in JPY, Euro, and GBP. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, fluctuations in net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to remeasuring certain asset and liability balances that are denominated in foreign currencies. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and