into a separate contract with us and is invoiced as a separate entity is treated as a separate customer. For example, while the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and National Institutes of Health are subsidiary agencies of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, we treat each of those agencies as a separate customer given that the governing structures and procurement processes of each agency are independent.
We have built lasting and significant customer relationships and partnerships with some of the world’s leading government institutions and companies. Our average revenue for the top twenty customers during the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2025 was $69.9 million, which grew 26% from an average of $55.5 million in revenue from the top twenty customers during the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2024, demonstrating our expanding relationships with existing customers.
Organizations in the commercial and government sectors face similar challenges when it comes to managing data, and we intend to expand our reach in both markets moving forward. Our decisions about which customer relationships require further investment may change over time, based on our assessment of the potential long-term value that our software can generate for them. We conduct pilots and bootcamps with customers, generally at our own expense and without a guarantee of future returns, in order to access a unique set of opportunities that others may pass over for lack of resources and shorter investment horizons. We manage customers at the account level, not by industry or sector, so that we can optimize on the specific growth opportunities for each customer. In the three months ended March 31, 2025, 55% of our revenue came from government customers and 45% came from commercial customers.
Our U.S. customers have been a meaningful source of revenue growth for our business. In the three months ended March 31, 2025, we generated 71% of our revenue from customers in the United States and the remaining 29% from non-U.S. customers. Revenue from our U.S. customers during the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2025 was $2.1 billion, which grew 47% from the prior twelve-month period. We expect that U.S. customers will continue to be a source of significant revenue growth for us.
We continue to believe that our government customers remain a meaningful source of revenue for our business, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. However, large government customers, in particular, are generally subject to a number of uncertainties regarding budgets and spending levels, changes in timing and spending priorities, and regulatory and policy changes, which can make it difficult to predict when, or if, we will make sales to such customers or the size and scope of any contract awards. See also the discussion of “
Risks Related to Relationships and Business with the Public Sector”
within “
Item 1A. Risk Factors”