position.
Our contracts with customers and vendors are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. However, when the U.S. dollar strengthens compared to other major foreign currencies (primarily the Euro and British pound sterling (“GBP”)), it has had, and could in the future have, an unfavorable impact on our revenues and expenses from certain non-U.S. customers or vendors whose contracts are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Additionally, certain of our U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries may hold monetary assets and liabilities in currencies other than their functional currency (primarily the Japanese Yen (“JPY”), Euro, and GBP), which could subject our results of operations and cash flows to adverse fluctuations due to changes in such foreign currency exchange rates as compared to the U.S. dollar. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 such impacts were not material to our financial position or results of operations.
Customer Impacts
Current macroeconomic conditions have impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our customers’ businesses. If the economic uncertainty continues, we may experience additional negative impacts on new customer acquisition, customer renewals, and customer collections, among other things, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations.
Key Business Measure
In addition to the measures presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the following key non-GAAP business measure to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and financial projections, and make strategic decisions.
Contribution Margin
We believe that the revenue we generate relative to the costs we incur in order to generate such revenue is an important measure of the efficiency of our business. We define contribution margin as revenue less our cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, divided by revenue.
Revenue is allocated to each customer account directly. The cost of revenue and sales and marketing costs include both the costs associated with the deployment and operation of our software as well as expenses associated with identifying new customers and expanding partnerships with existing ones. Our software engineers working with existing customers often manage the deployment and operation of our platforms as well as identify new ways that those platforms can be used. To
24
Table of contents
calculate the contribution by segment, we allocate cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, to an account pro rata based on headcount and time spent on the account during the period. To the extent certain costs or personnel are not directly assigned to a specific account, they are allocated pro rata based on total headcount staffed during such period. Direct costs, such as third-party cloud hosting services, are directly allocated to the account to which they