statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods.
Significant estimates and assumptions made in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, the identification of performance obligations in customer contracts, the valuation of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions, the valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation awards, and the collectability of contract consideration, including accounts receivable. Estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could affect the Company’s financial position and results of operations.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
The Company’s significant accounting policies are discussed in
Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies
in the notes to consolidated financial statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on February 18, 2025. There have been no significant changes to these policies during the three months ended March 31, 2025, except for the changes noted below.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents primarily consist of amounts invested in money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities with original maturities of three months or less.
8
Table of contents
Palantir Technologies Inc.
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Restricted cash primarily consists of cash and certificates of deposit that are held as collateral against letters of credit and guarantees that the Company is required to maintain for operating lease agreements, certain customer contracts, and other guarantees and financing arrangements.
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the condensed consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the amounts shown in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands):
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, marketable securities, and privately-held equity securities. Cash equivalents primarily consist of money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities with original maturities of three months or less,