financing activities was $75.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. Financing cash inflows consisted primarily of proceeds from the exercise of common stock options. Financing cash outflows were driven by taxes paid related to the net share settlement of SARs and repurchases of our Class A common stock.
Contractual Obligations and Commitments
Our contractual obligations and commitments primarily consist of operating lease commitments for our facilities and non-cancelable purchase commitments related to third-party cloud hosting services. For additional information, refer to
Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies
to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as already disclosed in
Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies
in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there has been no material change in our contractual obligations and commitments other than in the ordinary course of business since our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on February 18, 2025, for additional information regarding the Company’s contractual obligations.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected.
There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates discussed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on February 18, 2025, except as described in
Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies
to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
For information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, if any, refer to
Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies
in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to market risks in the