that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual. Some countries and regions, including the EU, are considering or have passed legislation that imposes significant obligations in connection with privacy, data protection, and information security that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our platforms and services, including the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) which took effect in May 2018. In addition, the EU recently implemented the Digital Operational Resilience Act (“DORA”), which introduces new standards for Information and Communication Technology risk management and incident reporting for financial and insurance entities. Complying with the GDPR, DORA, or other EU laws, directives, and regulations as they emerge may cause us to incur substantial operational costs, lead to challenges for our customers’ implementation and use of our platform, or require us to modify our data handling practices on an ongoing basis. Non-compliance with the GDPR specifically may result in administrative fines or monetary penalties of up to 4% of worldwide annual revenue in the preceding financial year or €20 million (whichever is higher) for the most serious infringements, and could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or other related parties and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Additionally, post-Brexit updates to United Kingdom (“U.K.”) data protection laws and regulations, while largely conforming to EU GDPR standards paving the way for a 2021 European Commission adequacy determination for export of personal data from the European Economic Area to the U.K., may change over time as the U.K. and its regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, continue to examine its global market standing, and a formal sunset clause will necessitate a reassessment and renegotiated terms to carry the determination beyond June 2025. Modifications in the standards for valid data transfer to the U.S. from the U.K., the EU, Switzerland, and other countries using standard contractual clauses or similar mechanisms may further require us to change our product and business practices, as well as to update client agreements in ways that introduce additional costs to our business.
The overarching complexity of laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security around the world pose a compliance challenge that could manifest in costs, damages, or liability in other forms as a result of failure to implement proper programmatic controls, failure to adhere to those controls or to the commitments we make, or the malicious or inadvertent breach of applicable legal, regulatory, or contractual privacy, data protection, or information security requirements by us, our employees, our business partners, or our customers.
In addition to government regulation, self-regulatory standards and other industry standards may legally or