relate. Allocated revenues and expenses are then aggregated into a segment based upon the customer account to which they relate.
Contribution margin, both across our business and segments, is intended to capture how much we have earned from customers after accounting for the costs associated with deploying and operating our software, as well as any sales and marketing expenses involved in acquiring and expanding our partnerships with customers or potential customers, including allocated overhead. We exclude stock-based compensation as it is a noncash expense.
We believe that our contribution margin provides an important measure of the efficiency of our operations over time. We have included contribution margin because it is a key measure used by our management to evaluate our performance, and we believe that it also provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team. Our calculation of contribution margin may differ from similarly titled measures, if any, reported by other companies. Contribution margin should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).
For more information about contribution margin, including the limitations of this measure, and a reconciliation to income from operations, see the section titled
“Non-GAAP Reconciliations”
below.
Non-GAAP Reconciliations
We use the non-GAAP measures contribution margin; gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation; and adjusted income from operations, which excludes stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes, to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We exclude stock-based compensation, which is a noncash expense, from these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe that excluding this item provides meaningful supplemental information regarding operational performance and provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team. Additionally, we exclude employer payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation as it is difficult to predict and outside of our control.
Our definitions may differ from the definitions used by other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition, other companies may not publish these or similar metrics. Further, these metrics have certain limitations, as they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Thus, our non-GAAP contribution margin; gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation; and adjusted income from operations should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in