volatile or decline in value or be entirely lost. We have realized, and may continue to realize, losses related to these equity securities, which could have a negative impact on our future financial position, results of operations, earnings per share, and cash flows.
Additionally, in connection with approving and signing the Investment Agreements, we and each Investee or an associated entity entered into a commercial contract for access to our products and services (collectively, the “Strategic Commercial Contracts”). The total value of Strategic Commercial Contracts, which is calculated as the sum of the cumulative revenue recognized from Strategic Commercial Contracts and the remaining deal value of such contracts, was $340.6 million, inclusive of $10.4 million of contractual options, as of March 31, 2025. When determining the total value of these Strategic Commercial Contracts, we assess customers’ financial condition, including the consideration of their ability and intention to pay, and whether all or some portion of the value of the contracts continue to meet the criteria for revenue recognition, among other factors. Certain companies with which we have entered into commercial contracts have been, and may continue to be, unable to generate sufficient revenues or profitability or to access any necessary financing or funding in a timely manner or on favorable terms to them, which has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our expected revenue and collections. These companies are generally engaged in businesses that involve novel and unproven technologies, products, and services and such companies have been, and may continue to be, unable to perform all or some of their obligations under any commercial contracts that we enter into with them in a timely manner or at all. For example, some of our early-stage Investee customers filed for bankruptcy or terminated their contracts with us, and the remaining value of the commercial contracts with such customers that is not expected to be recognized as revenue has been excluded from the total value of Strategic Commercial Contracts above. As of March 31, 2025, the cumulative amount of revenue recognized from Strategic Commercial Contracts was $311.4 million, of which $5.1 million was recognized by us during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we would not be exposed to unknown liabilities.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology, Data Privacy, and Security
If any of the systems of any third parties upon which we rely, our customers’ systems, locations, or environments, or our internal systems, are breached or if unauthorized access to customer, third-party, or our data is otherwise obtained, public perception of our platforms and O&M services may be harmed, and we may lose business