management time and attention, or put our data or technology at risk. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our platforms to comply with the laws, regulations, directives, policies, industry standards, or legal obligations of the United States, EU, or other governmental or non-governmental bodies at the regional, national, or supra-national level relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, or any security incident that results in actual or suspected loss of or the unauthorized access to, or acquisition, use, release, or transfer of, personal information, personal data, or other customer or sensitive data or information may result in governmental investigations, inquiries, enforcement actions and prosecutions, private claims and litigation, indemnification or other contractual obligations, other remedies, including fines or demands that we modify or cease
64
Table of contents
existing business practices, or adverse publicity, and related costs and liabilities, which could significantly and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
Our non-U.S. sales and operations subject us to additional risks and regulations that can adversely affect our results of operations.
Our successes to date have primarily come from customers in relatively stable and developed countries, but we have entered, and may continue to enter, new and emerging markets in non-U.S. countries, including with customers in law enforcement, national security, and other government agencies, as part of our growth strategy. These new and emerging markets may involve uncertain business, technology, and economic risks and may be difficult or impossible for us to penetrate, even if we were to commit significant resources to do so.
We currently have sales personnel and sales and services operations in the United States and certain countries around the world. To the extent that we experience difficulties in recruiting, training, managing, or retaining non-U.S. staff, and specifically sales management and sales personnel staff, we may experience difficulties in sales productivity in, or market penetration of, non-U.S. markets. Our ability to convince customers to expand their use of our platforms or renew their subscription, license, or maintenance and service agreements with us is correlated to, among other things, our direct engagement with the customer. To the extent we are restricted or unable to engage with non-U.S. customers effectively with our limited sales force and services capacity, we may be unable to grow sales to existing customers to the same degree we have experienced in the United States.
Our non-U.S. operations subject us to a variety of risks and challenges, including:
•
increased management, travel, infrastructure, and legal and financial compliance costs and time associated with having multiple non-U.S. operations, including but not limited to compliance with local employment laws and other applicable laws and regulations;
•
longer