undetected errors, failures, or bugs in our platforms. Despite our internal systems and processes, errors, failures, or bugs may not be found or may not be properly mitigated or remediated in configured, reconfigured, upgraded or new software or other releases until after commencement of commercial shipments. Errors, failures, defects, and bugs have affected the performance of our platforms and can also delay the development or release of new platforms, products, or capabilities or upgrades or new versions of platforms, adversely affect our reputation and our customers’ willingness to buy platforms from us, and adversely affect market acceptance or perception of our platforms. Many of our customers use our platforms in applications that are critical to their businesses or missions and may have a lower risk tolerance to errors, failures, defects, or bugs in our platforms than in other, less critical, software products. Any errors or delays in releasing new software or new versions of platforms, allegations of unsatisfactory performance, real or perceived errors, defects, or failures, such as data loss, or untimely or ineffective upgrades, patches, or other fixes to address errors, failures, defects, or bugs, could increase the risk of security vulnerabilities, cause us to lose revenue or market share, increase our service costs, cause us to incur substantial costs in redesigning the software, cause us to lose significant customers, cause us to issue credits or refunds, subject us to liability for damages and divert our resources from other tasks, any one of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our platforms could be perceived to be ineffective for a variety of reasons outside of our control. Hackers or other malicious parties could circumvent our or our customers’ security measures, and customers may misuse our platforms resulting in a security breach or perceived product failure.
Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our platforms and services, or dissatisfaction with our services and outcomes, could result in customer terminations and/or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or we have chosen, or in the future may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct any such errors, failures, or bugs. Although we have limitation of liability provisions in our standard software licensing and service agreement terms and conditions, these provisions may not be enforceable in some circumstances, may vary in levels of protection across our agreements, or may not fully or effectively protect us from such claims and related liabilities and costs. We generally provide a warranty for our software products and services and an SLA for our performance of software operations. In the event that there is a failure of warranties in such agreements, we are generally