provisions appearing in the EU AIA. Utah and California have signed private-sector AI governance legislation focused on narrower aspects of AI oversight. Further, certain administrations have encouraged
66
Table of contents
companies to sign on to voluntary commitments to manage the risks posed by AI alongside related legislative or regulatory efforts, some of which we have signed. When such legislation or commitments, or if similar legislation or commitments in other jurisdictions, are enacted or adopted, compliance with such obligations may be difficult, onerous, and costly, and could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects.
Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of data security breaches or incidents involving certain types of data, including personal data. For example, the SEC adopted cybersecurity risk management and disclosure rules, which require the disclosure of information pertaining to cybersecurity incidents and cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance. In addition, most of our customers, including U.S. government customers, contractually require us to notify them of certain data security breaches and incidents. However, determining whether a cybersecurity incident has occurred and is notifiable or reportable may not be straightforward, and we may not effectively identify all relevant cybersecurity incidents in a timely manner, or at all. If we are unable to comply with contractual or regulatory notification requirements, which may include timelines for appropriate notification or methods by which such notifications must be made, we may be subject to additional penalties, contractual liability, and reputational damage.
We may be subject to government inquiries that drain our time and resources, tarnish our brand among customers and potential customers, prevent us from doing business with certain customers or markets, including government customers, affect our ability to hire, attract and maintain qualified employees, or require us to take remedial action or pay penalties. From time to time, we receive formal and informal inquiries from governmental agencies and regulators regarding our compliance with laws and regulations or otherwise relating to our business or transactions. Any negative outcome from such inquiries or investigations or failure to prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects.
We have previously been, and are currently, or in the future may become, involved in a number of legal, regulatory, and administrative inquiries and proceedings, and unfavorable outcomes in litigation or other of these matters could negatively impact our business, financial conditions, and results of operations.
We have previously been, and are currently, and from time to time going forward may become involved