application or interpretation of which are complex and will likely continue to evolve. Moreover, AI, including our use of AI, may create additional cybersecurity risks or increase existing cybersecurity risks, and may result in, or increase impacts of, cyberattacks, security breaches, phishing attacks, personal data breaches, or other incidents. For example, threat actors are increasingly using tools and techniques that circumvent controls, evade detection, and remove forensic evidence, which means that we and others may be unable to anticipate, detect, deflect, contain or recover from cyberattacks in a timely or effective manner. As AI capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted, we may see cyberattacks crafted with an AI tool to attack information systems by creating more effective phishing emails or social engineering and by exploiting vulnerabilities in electronic security programs utilizing false image or voice recognition. In addition, enhanced risk of cyberattacks could be a result of us or a third party incorporating the output of an AI tool, such as malicious code from an AI generated source code.
Our technologies and business practices are designed to mitigate many of these risks. For example, our platforms include data governance, machine learning modeling, as well as model testing and evaluation tools which help to regulate and limit user access to data sets and develop, deploy, and manage more effective and responsible AI capabilities. However, if these controls
57
Table of contents
are not properly implemented by, or for, our customers, or if we enable or offer AI solutions that are controversial or problematic because of their purported or real impact on fundamental rights, privacy, employment, or other societal issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm, as well as regulatory or legal scrutiny.
We depend on computing infrastructure operated by Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), Microsoft, and other third parties to support some of our customers and any errors, disruption, performance problems, or failure in their or our operational infrastructure could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We rely on the technology, infrastructure, and software applications, including software-as-a-service offerings, of certain third parties, such as AWS and Microsoft Azure, in order to host or operate some or all of certain key technology platform features or functions of our business, including our cloud-based services (including Palantir Cloud, as defined in the section titled
“Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Components of Results of Operations”
), customer relationship management activities, billing and order management, cybersecurity program, and financial accounting services. Additionally, we rely on computer hardware purchased in order to deliver our platforms and services. We do not have control over the operations of the