Palantir Technologies Inc.
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) global minimum tax provision (“Pillar 2”) rules are at varying stages of adoption across jurisdictions where the Company operates. While the United States has not yet adopted Pillar 2, several countries have enacted Pillar 2 and these rules were applicable to the Company starting January 1, 2024. The adoption of Pillar 2 rules may affect the Company’s effective tax rates and current tax obligations and liabilities. Based on the Company’s current analysis of Pillar Two provisions, these tax law changes did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
11.
Net Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders (in thousands, except per share amounts):
Diluted net earnings per share is calculated using our weighted-average shares of outstanding common stock including the dilutive effect of stock awards as determined under the treasury stock method.
The following outstanding potentially dilutive common stock equivalents have been excluded from the computation of diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders for the periods presented due to their anti-dilutive effect (in thousands):
As of March 31, 2025, the Company had
6.4
million Time-Vesting SARs outstanding, of which the maximum number of potentially dilutive shares of Class A common stock upon vesting would be the fraction that equals the maximum appreciation divided by the Company’s Class A common stock price at that time.
12.
Segment and Geographic Information
The following reporting segment tables reflect the results of the Company’s reportable operating segments consistent with the manner in which the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) evaluates the performance of each segment and allocates the Company’s resources. The CODM does not evaluate the performance of the Company’s assets on a segment basis for internal management reporting and, therefore, such information is not presented.
Contribution is used, in part, to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, each of the segments. A segment’s contribution is calculated as segment revenue less the related costs of revenue and sales and marketing expenses. It excludes certain operating expenses that are not allocated to segments because they are separately managed at the consolidated corporate level or are noncash costs. These unallocated and noncash costs include stock-based compensation expense, research and development expenses, and general and administrative expenses.
17
Table of contents
Palantir Technologies Inc.
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial information for each reportable segment was as follows (in thousands, except percentages):
The