security constraints that they require.
While our focus in the short term remains on making our software platforms available to increasingly broad swaths of the market, we are also working to identify additional component parts and products embedded within those platforms that have potential as commercial offerings on their own.
We believe that every institution faces challenges that our platforms and products were designed to address. Our approach with all our clients is to establish a partnership that transforms the way they use data in pursuit of their goals.
We regularly evaluate partnerships and investment opportunities in complementary businesses, employee teams, technologies, and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our product and service offerings.
Our Business
Our customers pay us to use the software platforms we have built. While we generally offer contract terms of one to five years in length, our customers sometimes enter into shorter-term contracts. Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Many of our customer contracts contain termination for convenience provisions.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, we generated $883.9 million in revenue, reflecting a 39% growth rate from the three months ended March 31, 2024, when we generated $634.3 million in revenue.
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, we generated income from operations of $176.0 million, or adjusted income from operations of $390.7 million when excluding stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes. In the three months
22
Table of contents
ended March 31, 2024, we generated income from operations of $80.9 million, or adjusted income from operations of $226.5 million when excluding stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes.
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, our gross profit was $710.9 million, reflecting a gross margin of 80%, or 82% when excluding stock-based compensation. In the three months ended March 31, 2024, our gross profit was $518.1 million, reflecting a gross margin of 82%, or 83% when excluding stock-based compensation.
For more information about our adjusted income from operations, which excludes stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes; and gross profit and gross margin, when excluding stock-based compensation; as well as reconciliations from income from operations and gross profit, see the section titled
“Non-GAAP Reconciliations”
below
.
Our Customers
We define a customer as an organization from which we have recognized revenue during the trailing twelve-month period. During the period ended March 31, 2025, we had 769 customers, including companies in various commercial sectors and government agencies around the world. During the period ended March 31, 2024, we had 554 customers.
For large government agencies, where a single institution has multiple divisions, units, or subsidiary agencies, each such division, unit, or subsidiary agency that enters