decline significantly. Further, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of Palantir or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our Class A common stock could decrease, which might cause our Class A common stock trading price and trading volume to decline.
Although we currently are not considered to be a “controlled company” under The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) corporate governance rules, we may in the future become a controlled company due to the concentration of voting power among our Founders and their affiliates.
Although we currently are not considered to be a “controlled company” under the Nasdaq corporate governance rules, we may in the future become a controlled company due to the concentration of voting power among our Founders and their affiliates resulting from the issuance of our Class F common stock. See
“Risks Related to the Multiple Class Structure of our Common Stock, the Founder Voting Trust Agreement, and the Founder Voting Agreement”
below. A “controlled company” pursuant to the Nasdaq corporate governance rules is a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group, or another company. In the event that our Founders and their affiliates or other stockholders acquire more than 50% of the voting power of the Company, we may in the future be able to rely on the “controlled company” exemptions under the Nasdaq corporate governance rules due to this concentration of voting power and the ability of our Founders and their affiliates to act as a group. If we were a controlled company, we would be eligible, and could elect, not to comply with certain of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Such standards include the requirement that a majority of directors on our Board of Directors are independent directors, subject to certain phase-in periods, and the requirement that our compensation, nominating and governance committee consist entirely of independent directors. In such a case, if the interests of our stockholders differ from the group of stockholders holding a majority of the voting power, our stockholders would not have the same protection afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, and the ability of our independent directors to influence our business policies and corporate matters may be reduced.
We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.
We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, as well as to fund our Share Repurchase Program, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends to holders of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, our credit facility contains restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Consequently,