results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations, and beliefs, involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. You should review the section titled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for a discussion of forward-looking statements and the section titled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future.
Overview
We build software that empowers organizations to effectively integrate their data, decisions, and operations at scale.
We were founded in 2003 and started building software for the intelligence community in the United States to assist in counterterrorism investigations and operations. We later began working with commercial enterprises, who often faced fundamentally similar challenges in working with data.
We have built four principal software platforms, Gotham, Foundry, Apollo, and our Artificial Intelligence Platform (“AIP”). Gotham and Foundry enable institutions to transform massive amounts of information into an integrated data asset that reflects their operations, and AIP leverages the power of our existing machine learning technologies alongside generative AI models, including large language models (“LLMs”), directly within Gotham and/or Foundry to help operationalize AI on enterprise data.
For over a decade, Gotham has surfaced insights for global defense agencies, the intelligence community, disaster relief organizations and beyond. Foundry is becoming a central operating system not only for individual institutions but also for entire industries. Apollo, which we began offering as a commercial solution in 2021, is a cloud-agnostic, single control layer that coordinates ongoing delivery of new features, security updates, and platform configurations, helping to ensure the continuous operation of critical systems. Apollo allows our customers to run their software in virtually any environment.
In 2023, we began deploying our newest offering, AIP, which is designed for customers across the commercial and government sectors, enabling them to derive value from recent breakthroughs in artificial intelligence via the combination of our existing software platforms with generative AI models, including LLMs. We believe AIP uniquely allows users to connect LLMs and other AI with their data and operations to facilitate decision-making within the legal, ethical, and