otherwise maintained separately from RBH's combustible business. The Plan also contains a number of operating covenants that would govern RBH’s business going forward until the settlement amount has been paid.
Implementation of the Plan is subject to certain conditions precedent, including execution and delivery of definitive documentation, such as execution of contractual releases. Subject to satisfaction of the conditions precedent, it is expected that the Plan will be implemented and become effective sometime in 2025 ("Effective Date").
For additional information concerning the fair value of PMI’s continuing investment in RBH and the impairment charge recorded in the Company’s consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024, as a recognized subsequent event, see Note 13.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other
.
Stayed Litigation — Canada
Smoking and Health Litigation — Canada
In the first class action pending in Canada,
Conseil Québécois Sur Le Tabac Et La Santé and Jean-Yves Blais v. Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd.,
Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc. and JTI-Macdonald Corp., Quebec Superior Court, Canada
, filed in November 1998, RBH and other Canadian cigarette manufacturers (Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd. and JTI-Macdonald Corp.) are defendants (the "
Blais
Class Action"). The plaintiffs, an anti-smoking organization and an individual smoker, sought compensatory and punitive damages for each member of the class who suffers allegedly from certain smoking-related diseases. The class was certified in 2005. The trial court issued its judgment on May 27, 2015.  The trial court found RBH and
two
other Canadian manufacturers liable and found that the class members’ compensatory damages totaled approximately CAD
15.5
billion (approximately $
11.2
billion), including pre-judgment interest. The trial court awarded compensatory damages on a joint and several liability basis, allocating
20
% to our subsidiary (approximately CAD
3.1
billion (approximately $
2.2
billion) including pre-judgment interest). In addition, the trial court awarded CAD
90,000
(approximately $
65,000
) in punitive damages, allocating CAD
30,000
(approximately $
22,000
) to RBH. The trial court estimated the disease class at
99,957
members.  RBH appealed to the Court of Appeal of Quebec. In October 2015, the Court of Appeal ordered RBH to furnish security totaling CAD
226
million (approximately $
164
million) to cover both the
Létourneau
and
Blais
cases, which RBH has paid in installments through March 2017.  The Court of Appeal ordered Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd. to furnish security totaling CAD
758
million (approximately $
549
million) in installments through June 2017. JTI Macdonald Corp. was not required to furnish security in accordance with plaintiffs’ motion.  The Court of Appeal ordered that the security is payable upon a final judgment of the Court of Appeal affirming the trial court’s judgment or upon further order of the Court of Appeal.
On March