respectively, as of December 31, 2024.  The projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets were $
9.2
billion and $
7.2
billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2023.
The following weighted-average assumptions were used to determine PMI’s pension and postretirement benefit obligations at December 31:
The discount rate for the largest pension plans is based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate bonds that produces a cash flow pattern equivalent to each plan’s expected benefit payments. The discount rate for the remaining plans is developed from local bond indices that match local benefit obligations as closely as possible.
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost
Net periodic pension and postretirement health care costs consisted of the following for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Settlement and curtailment charges were due primarily to employee severance and early retirement programs.
All of the amounts in the table above, other than service cost, are recognized in pension and other employee benefit costs in the consolidated statement of earnings.
116
The following weighted-average assumptions were used to determine PMI’s net pension and postretirement health care costs:
PMI’s expected rate of return on pension plan assets is determined by the plan assets’ historical long-term investment performance, current asset allocation and estimates of future long-term returns by asset class.
PMI and certain of its subsidiaries sponsor defined contribution plans. Amounts charged to expense for defined contribution plans totaled $
123
million, $
111
million and $
82
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Plan Assets
PMI’s investment strategy for pension plans is based on an expectation that equity securities will outperform debt securities over the long term.  Accordingly, the target allocation of PMI’s plan assets is broadly characterized as approximately
55
% in equity securities and approximately
45
% in debt securities and other assets. The strategy primarily utilizes indexed U.S. equity securities, international equity securities and investment-grade debt securities.  PMI attempts to mitigate investment risk by rebalancing between equity and debt asset classes once a year or as PMI’s contributions and benefit payments are made.
117
The fair value of PMI’s pension plan assets at December 31, 2024 and 2023, by asset category was as follows:
(a)
Investment funds whose objective seeks to replicate the returns and characteristics of specified market indices (primarily MSCI — Europe, Switzerland, North America, Asia Pacific, Japan, Emerging Markets and Small Cap for equities / FTSE EMU, FTSE Non-EGBI EuroBIG, SBI AAA-BBB and JP Morgan EMBI for bonds / SXI Real Estate and KGAST for real estate) , primarily consist of mutual funds, common trust funds and commingled funds. Of these funds,
57
% are invested in U.S. and international equities;
13
% are invested in