forward-looking statements by use of words such as "strategy," "expects," "continues," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "will," "aspires," "estimates," "intends," "projects," "aims," "goals," "targets," "forecasts" and other words of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts.
We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Our SFPs constitute a relatively new product category that is less predictable than our mature cigarette business.  Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. Investors should bear this in mind as they consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in our securities. In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. We elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in Item 7,
Business Environment
. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Consequently, you
7
should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time, except in the normal course of our public disclosure obligations.
Overall Business Risks
We may be unsuccessful in our attempts to introduce, commercialize, and grow smoke-free products in existing and new markets, and regulators may prohibit or significantly restrict the commercialization of these products or the communication of scientifically substantiated information and claims.
Our key strategic priorities are to: (i) continue developing and commercializing products that present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to smoke-free products versus continued cigarette smoking; and (ii) encourage and educate current adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes to switch to those products. For our efforts to be successful, we must:
We might not succeed in our effort to introduce, commercialize, and grow our SFPs in existing and new markets. If we do not succeed, but others do, or if heat-not-burn products are inequitably regulated compared to other SFP categories without regard to the totality of the scientific evidence available for such products, we may be at a competitive disadvantage.