resulting from remeasurement adjustments related to highly inflationary accounting.
Climate Change Laws and Regulations
While, to date, the effect of climate-related laws and regulations on PMI has not been material to our business, results of operations or financial condition, consideration of environmental and climate-related laws and regulations is an integral aspect of PMI’s climate-related risk assessment process. To this end, we actively monitor the existing and potential impact on PMI of significant pending or existing climate change-related legislation, regulations, international accords, reporting frameworks, standards, principles, and other forms of guidance. Examples include, but are not limited to, the EU Emissions Trading System, the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement, the work of the International Financial Reporting Standards Foundation, including the International Sustainability Standards Board proposed climate standard and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, the SEC’s rules regarding climate-related disclosures, the California Climate Corporate Accountability Act, the California Greenhouse Gases: Climate-Related Financial Risk Act, the Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures, the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, the EU Taxonomy Regulation, the EU Deforestation Regulation, the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive, CDP, the GHG Protocol, and carbon tax programs in Europe and Canada.
66
Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Business Arrangements
We discuss our acquisitions and divestitures in Item 8, Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
to our consolidated financial statements.
KT&G
On January 30, 2023, PMI announced a long-term collaboration with KT&G, South Korea’s leading tobacco and nicotine manufacturer, to continue to commercialize KT&G’s innovative smoke-free devices and consumables on an exclusive, worldwide basis (excluding South Korea).
The agreement covers fifteen years, to January 29, 2038, with performance-review cycles and associated commitments, based on volume, to be confirmed for each three-year period, to allow flexibility for evolving market conditions.
The agreement gives PMI continued exclusive access to KT&G’s smoke-free brands and product-innovation pipeline, including offerings for low- and middle-income markets, that will enhance PMI’s existing portfolio of smoke-free products.
Products sold under the agreement will be subject to assessment to ensure they meet the regulatory requirements in the markets where they are launched, as well as PMI’s high standards of quality and scientific substantiation. PMI and KT&G will seek any necessary regulatory approvals that may be required on a market-by-market basis.
On July 30, 2024, PMI announced a memorandum of understanding with KT&G. This non-binding memorandum establishes the parties’ intent to collaborate on regulatory submissions for those new KT&G heat-not-burn products that PMI