cannabinoid products (including CBD), in line with applicable regulatory requirements, though any revenue related to cannabinoids is expected to be negligible in the near to medium term.
Smoke-Free Business ("SFB”) is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its smoke-free products. SFB also includes wellness and healthcare products, as well as consumer accessories, such as lighters and matches.
Smoke-free products (also referred to herein as "SFPs") is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its products that provide nicotine without combusting tobacco, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral smokeless, and that therefore generate far lower levels of harmful chemicals. As such, these products have the potential to present less risk of harm versus continued smoking.
We have a range of SFPs in various stages of development, scientific assessment and commercialization.  Our smoke-free products are designed for, and directed toward, current adult smokers and adult users of nicotine-containing products. We put significant effort to restrict access of our products from non-smokers and youth. We believe regulation must include measures designed to prevent youth initiation; and we also support and engage with relevant authorities to seek sensible regulation of flavors, mandated health warnings and minimum age laws.
Our
IQOS
smoke-free
product brand portfolio includes heated tobacco and nicotine-containing vapor products. It uses a precisely controlled heating device into which a specially designed and proprietary tobacco unit is inserted and heated to generate an aerosol. Heated tobacco units ("HTUs") is the term we use to refer to heated tobacco consumables, which include our
BLENDS
,
DELIA
,
HEETS
,
HEETS Creations
(defined collectively as "
HEETS
"),
SENTIA
,
TEREA,
TEREA CRAFTED and TEREA Dimensions,
as well
1
as the KT&G-licensed brands,
Fiit
and
Miix
(outside of South Korea). HTUs also include zero tobacco heat-not-burn consumables (
LEVIA
).
IQOS
was first introduced in Nagoya, Japan, in 2014.
IQOS
and
ZYN
are the leading brands in our SFPs portfolio. As of December 31, 2024, our smoke-free products were available for sale in 95 markets.  With regard to nicotine pouches, we increased our presence to 37 markets.
Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 170 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands and is led by
Marlboro
, the world’s best-selling international cigarette, which accounted for approximately 40% of our total 2024 cigarette shipment volume.
Marlboro
is complemented in the premium-price category by
Parliament
. Our other leading international cigarette brands are
Chesterfield, L&M
, and
Philip Morris.
These five international cigarette brands contributed 80% of our cigarette shipment volume in 2024. We also own a number of important local cigarette brands, such