subsidiary, PM Korea, received an adverse ruling from the Supreme Court of South Korea related to cases alleging underpayment of excise taxes in connection with a 2015 excise tax increase and subsequent audit by the South Korean Board of Audit and Inspection. The Supreme Court ruling reversed previous decisions that were in PM Korea’s favor at the trial and appellate levels. As a result of the ruling, we concluded that an adverse outcome was probable. Consequently, we recorded a non-cash pre-tax charge of $204 million in marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statements of earning, reflecting the full amount previously paid by PM Korea, which was included in the EA, AU & PMI DF segment for the year ended December 31, 2023.
•
Termination of agreement with Foundation for a Smoke-Free World
–
On September 29, 2023, PMI and the Foundation for a Smoke-Free World (the "Foundation") entered into the Final Grant Agreement and Termination of the Second Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement ("Agreement"). Under the terms of the agreement, PMI paid $140 million in the third quarter of 2023 in return for the termination of the pledge agreement between the parties.  As a result, in the third quarter of 2023, PMI recorded a pre-tax charge of $140 million commensurate with the early termination of the pledge agreement. The pre-tax charge was recorded in marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2023 and was included in the operating results of the following segments: Europe ($60 million); SSEA, CIS & MEA ($41 million);  EA, AU & PMI DF ($24 million); and Americas ($15 million).
•
Charges related to the war in Ukraine
–
See Item 8, Note 4.
War in Ukraine
for details of the $53 million and $151 million pre-tax charges in the Europe segment for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
•
Swedish Match AB acquisition accounting related items
–
See Item 8, Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
for details of the $18 million and $125 million pre-tax purchase accounting adjustments related to the sale of acquired inventories stepped up to fair value. These pre-tax purchase accounting adjustments were included in the Americas segment ($18 million in 2023 and $77 million in 2022) and the Europe segment ($48 million in 2022).
36
Our net revenues by product category were as follows:
Note: Sum of product categories or Regions might not foot to total PMI due to rounding.
Net revenues related to combustible tobacco refer to the operating revenues generated from the sale of these products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes. These net revenue amounts consist of the sale of our cigarettes and other tobacco products that are combusted. Other tobacco products primarily include roll-your-own and make-your-own cigarettes, pipe tobacco, cigars and cigarillos and do not include smoke-