sale.  Other countries are considering similar bans.
Bans and Restrictions on Advertising, Marketing, Promotions and Sponsorships
: For many years, the FCTC has called for, and countries have imposed, partial or total bans on tobacco advertising, marketing, promotions and sponsorships, including bans and restrictions on advertising on radio and television, in print and on the Internet.  The FCTC's non-binding guidelines recommend that governments prohibit all forms of communication with adult smokers.
Product Standards and Restrictions on Product Design
: In some countries, including in the EU, cigarettes are subject to testing, disclosure and mandatory emissions limits for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and other smoke constituents.
Some members of the public health community are calling for the further standardization of tobacco products by requiring, for example, that cigarettes have a certain minimum diameter, which would result in a ban on slim cigarettes, or requiring the use of standardized filter and cigarette paper designs. In the Netherlands, an anti-smoking organization has brought a lawsuit to force the government to require a different test method for measuring cigarette emissions than what is currently required under EU law, which, if allowed, could lead to a de facto ban on manufactured cigarettes in the Netherlands and, potentially, in other EU countries. In addition, at its meeting in November 2016, the CoP adopted non-binding guidelines recommending that
65
Table of Contents
countries regulate product design features that increase the attractiveness of tobacco products, such as the diameter of cigarettes and the use of flavor capsules.
Currently, national standards in certain countries set minimum quality and safety requirements for heat-not-burn products with technical heat-not-burn specifications and/or methods for demonstrating the absence of combustion. These standards are mandatory in Armenia, Bahrain, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Tajikistan, Tunisia, the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") and Uzbekistan, and voluntary in Algeria, Azerbaijan, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Morocco, Russia, South Africa, Vietnam, the U.K. and Ukraine. In Japan, a voluntary standard sets minimum safety requirements for tobacco heating devices.
For e-Vapor products, national standards setting minimum quality and safety requirements have been adopted in several markets.  These standards are mandatory in Armenia, Bahrain, China, Egypt, Jordan, New Zealand, the Philippines, Russia, the UAE, and Saudi Arabia and Tajikistan, and voluntary in Azerbaijan, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, France, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, the Philippines, Russia, the U.K., and Ukraine.
Currently, industry standards setting minimum quality and safety requirements for modern oral nicotine pouches have been adopted in Angola, Armenia, Bahrain, Costa Rica, Malawi, Mexico, Pakistan, Sweden, the UAE, the U.K.,