2025. If we are unable to increase our prices sufficiently or take other actions to mitigate the effect of inflationary pressures, our profitability and financial position could be negatively impacted.
Risks Related to Legal Challenges and Investigations
Litigation related to tobacco products and nicotine products could substantially reduce our profitability and could severely impair our liquidity.
There is litigation related to tobacco products and/or nicotine products pending in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. Damages claimed in some tobacco-related litigation are significant and, in certain cases, range into the billions of U.S. dollars. As of March 2024, we began facing litigation related to our oral nicotine products before certain courts in the United States. We anticipate that new cases will continue to be filed. The FCTC encourages litigation against tobacco product manufacturers. It is possible that our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. We face various administrative and legal challenges related to certain SFP activities, including allegations concerning product classification, advertising and distribution restrictions, corporate communications, product coach activities, scientific substantiation, product liability, antitrust, and unfair competition.  While we design our programs to comply with relevant regulations, we expect these or similar challenges to continue as we expand our efforts to commercialize SFPs and to communicate with the public. The outcomes of these matters may affect our SFP commercialization and public communication activities and performance in one or more markets. Also, see Note 9.
Contingencies
to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of pending litigation.
From time to time, we are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters.
Investigations include allegations of contraband shipments of cigarettes, allegations of unlawful pricing activities within certain markets, allegations of underpayment of income taxes, customs duties and/or excise taxes, allegations of false and misleading usage of descriptors, allegations of unlawful advertising or distribution, product safety or specification allegations, and allegations of unlawful labor practices. We cannot predict the outcome of those investigations or whether additional investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our business could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome of pending or future investigations. See Note 9.
Contingencies—Other Litigation
to our condensed consolidated financial statements and Part I, Item 2.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Operating Results by Business Segment—Business Environment—Governmental Investigations
in this report