and the mix of products we sell.  Mix is a term used to refer to the proportionate value of premium-price brands to mid-price or low-price brands in any given market (product mix).  Mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets (geographic mix).
Our cost of sales consists principally of: tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs; shipping and handling costs; and the cost of devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers.  Estimated costs associated with device warranty programs are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized.
Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products.  The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses.
Philip Morris International Inc. is a legal entity separate and distinct from its direct and indirect subsidiaries.  Accordingly, our right, and thus the right of our creditors and stockholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary is subject to the prior rights of creditors of such subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of our company itself as a creditor may be recognized.  As a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law, including governmental capital and foreign currency exchange controls.
26
Executive Summary
The following executive summary provides the business update and significant highlights from the
Discussion and Analysis
that follows.
Impairment Related to the Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Equity Investment
On October 17, 2024, the court-appointed mediator and monitor in the CCAA proceedings filed a proposed plan of compromise and arrangement (“Proposed Plan”) setting forth, among other things, certain terms of a proposed comprehensive resolution of Canadian tobacco claims and related litigation. Under the resolution contemplated by the Proposed Plan, RBH, Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited ("ITL") and JTI Macdonald Corp ("JTIM") would pay an aggregate global settlement amount of CAD 32.5 billion (approximately $22.3 billion). A significant determinative factor in the analysis of impairment indicators was the issue of allocation of CAD 32.5 billion aggregate settlement amount among RBH, ITL, and JTIM which