revenue opportunities and potentially lose market share, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
85
Table of Contents
Risks Related to our International Operations
Because we have operations in numerous countries, our results may be adversely impacted by economic, regulatory and political developments, natural disasters, pandemics or conflicts.
Some of the countries in which we operate face the threat of civil unrest and can be subject to regime changes. In others, nationalization, terrorism, conflict and the threats of war or acts of war may have a significant impact on the business environment. Factors beyond our control, such as, without limitation, natural disasters, extreme weather events, pandemics (including COVID-19), economic, political, regulatory, acts of war or threats of war, or other developments could disrupt or increase the expenses related to our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities, distribution capabilities, or the energy and other utility services required to operate our factories, warehouses, and other premises. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards might not always be effective to fully mitigate their impact. For example, the global pandemic outbreak of the COVID-19 virus in 2020 created significant societal and economic disruption and the closure of stores, factories and offices, restrictions on manufacturing, distribution and travel, and supply chain disruptions, among other impacts. Additionally, while we do not now expect that the recent and currently anticipated trade tariffs imposed by the U.S. and other countries will materially impact our business, the global tariff environment is volatile and further tariff or trade related developments could result in risks to PMI’s business, including increased production costs; limited market access; supplier financial condition degradation resulting in reduced or interrupted supplies; and price increases or other economic impacts that could reduce consumer demand. Any of these developments could cause significant volume declines in our Global Travel Retail business and certain other key markets; disrupt or delay our distribution, manufacturing or supply chain; increase currency volatility; increase costs of our materials and operations and lead to loss of property or equipment that are critical to our business in certain markets and difficulty in staffing and managing our operations, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, volumes, revenues, cash flows, financial position, net earnings and profitability. We discuss additional risks associated with Russia's invasion of Ukraine and climate change, above.
In certain markets, we are dependent on governmental approvals of various actions such as price changes, and failure to obtain such approvals could impair growth of our profitability.
In addition, despite our high ethical standards and rigorous controls and