the assumptions or estimates underlying the metrics are inaccurate, their ability to accurately formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions may be compromised and our business, financial results and future growth prospects may be adversely impacted.
83
Table of Contents
Risks Related to the Impact of the War in Ukraine on our Business
Our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be adversely impacted by the continuation and consequences of the war in Ukraine.
In 2024, Russia accounted for around 9% of our total cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment volume, and around 6% of our total net revenues. Ukraine accounted for around 2% of our total cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment volume, and around 1% of our total net revenues. Historically, we also produced finished goods in Ukraine for export and manufactured products in Russia. In 2022, as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, we suspended planned investments and scaled down our manufacturing operations in Russia.
The full implications of the Russian invasion of Ukraine for our operations in those countries are impossible to predict at this time. The likelihood of retaliatory action by the Russian government against companies, including PMI, as a result of actions and statements made in response to the Russian invasion or otherwise, including the possibility of legal action against us or our employees; the deprivation of rights in, or access to, our Russian or Russia-related assets; or nationalization of foreign businesses or assets (including cash reserves held in Russia and intangible assets such as trademarks), is impossible to predict. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in Russia, including regulatory constraints in the market entailing very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities, and restrictions resulting from international regulations. In the event of a divestment, our ability to fully realize the value of the business would likely be subject to material impairment. The deprivation of rights in, or access to, our Russian or Russia-related assets could also result in a material impairment and could cause the deconsolidation of our Russian business. In Ukraine, there is no way to know when and to what extent we will be able to fully normalize our operations or to what extent our workforce, facilities, inventory, and other assets will remain intact. These developments have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in further impairment charges.
The conflict also continues to elevate the likelihood of supply chain disruptions, both in the region and globally, and may inhibit our ability to timely source materials and services needed to make and sell our products. For example, historically we sourced certain finished goods, production