at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
We anticipate that assumption changes will increase 2025 pre-tax pension and postretirement expense to approximately $166 million as compared with approximately $158 million in 2024, excluding amounts related to employee severance and early retirement programs. The anticipated increase is primarily due to higher amortization of unrecognized actuarial losses of $45 million, coupled with higher service cost of $17 million, partially offset by higher expected return on assets of $20 million, coupled with lower interest cost of $30 million and other movements of $4 million.
Weighted-average expected rate of return and discount rate assumptions have a significant effect on the amount of expense reported for the employee benefit plans. A fifty-basis-point decrease in our discount rate would increase our 2025 pension and postretirement expense by approximately $56 million, and a fifty-basis-point increase in our discount rate would decrease our 2025 pension and postretirement expense by approximately $46 million. Similarly, a fifty-basis-point decrease (increase) in the expected return on plan assets would increase (decrease) our 2025 pension expense by approximately $44 million.
Income Taxes -
Income tax provisions for jurisdictions outside the United States, as well as state and local income tax provisions, are determined on a separate company basis, and the related assets and liabilities are recorded in our consolidated balance sheets.
The extent of our operations involves dealing with uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. The final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and resolution of disputes arising from federal, state, and international tax audits. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for income taxes, we evaluate potential tax exposures and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due.  We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would generally result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary.
We are required to assess the likelihood of recovering deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income. If we determine, using all available evidence, that we do not reach the more likely than not threshold for recovery, a