served as the Company’s auditor since 2008.
145
Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of Philip Morris International Inc. (“PMI” or "we") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. PMI’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes those written policies and procedures that:
•
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of PMI;
•
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America;
•
provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of PMI are being made only in accordance with the authorization of management and directors of PMI; and
•
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Internal control over financial reporting includes the controls themselves, monitoring and internal auditing practices and actions taken to correct deficiencies as identified.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of PMI’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. Management based this assessment on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework
(2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management’s assessment included an evaluation of the design of PMI’s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with the Audit & Risk Committee of our Board of Directors.
Based on this assessment, management determined that, as of December 31, 2024, PMI maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.
PricewaterhouseCoopers SA, an independent registered public accounting firm, who audited and reported on the