and appropriate to implement the Proposed Plan (“Sanction Motion” and the requested order, the “Proposed Sanction Order”).
On January 24, 2025, RBH filed an objection to the Sanction Motion (“RBH Objection”). The RBH Objection argued that the Proposed Plan could not be approved because it failed to resolve the Allocation Issue. The RBH Objection also stated that, without an appropriate, fair and reasonable resolution of the Allocation Issue, RBH could not consent to implementation of the Proposed Plan. To address the Allocation Issue, the RBH Objection sought to amend the Proposed Sanction Order to include provisions (the “Proposed Allocation Provisions”) requiring that ITL and JTIM make payments to RBH from their retained working capital and net income after taxes over a period of years. ITL, JTIM, and certain claimant groups opposed the Proposed Allocation Provisions set forth in the RBH Objection.
Following a judicial hearing on the Sanction Motion, RBH, JTIM and ITL reached a consensual resolution of all outstanding objections to the Proposed Plan filed by RBH, JTIM and ITL, including the RBH Objection, that resulted in amendments to the Proposed Plan that, among other things, would permit RBH to retain CAD
750
million (approximately $
544
million) in accumulated cash.
On March 6, 2025, the CCAA court issued a decision approving the Proposed Plan as amended (the "Plan").
24
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Under the resolution contemplated by the Plan, as approved by the CCAA Court, RBH, JTIM, and ITL will pay an aggregate global settlement amount of CAD
32.5
billion (approximately $
23.6
billion).  This amount will be funded by an upfront payment equal to the companies’ cash and cash equivalents on hand plus court deposits, less the CAD
750
million that RBH will be permitted to retain, as well as annual payments based on a percentage of the companies’ aggregate net income after taxes (excluding that generated by alternative products such as heat-not-burn, nicotine pouches, and e-vapor) until the global settlement amount is paid in full. Annual contributions start at
85
% of net after-tax income ("NATI"), with a
five
-percentage point reduction in NATI every
five years
until reaching
70
%. Annual contributions are contingent on positive NATI of RBH. Such payment obligations concern only RBH and not PMI. RBH and its affiliates, including PMI and its indemnitees, will obtain a release of claims relating to the manufacture, marketing, sale, or use of or exposure to, RBH’s combustible and traditional smokeless tobacco products based on conduct prior to the effective date of the Plan; related litigation will also be dismissed—including those actions described in the section below entitled “
Stayed Litigation – Canada
.”  Alternative product businesses (including heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and nicotine pouches) will be transferred to an RBH affiliate or