valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
84
Foreign currency translation
PMI translates the results of operations of its subsidiaries and affiliates, except those operating in highly inflationary economies, using average exchange rates during each period, whereas balance sheet accounts are translated using exchange rates at the end of each period. Currency translation adjustments are recorded as a component of stockholders’ (deficit) equity. In addition, some of PMI’s subsidiaries have assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies, and to the extent those are not designated as net investment hedges, these assets and liabilities generate transaction gains and losses when translated into their respective functional currencies.
PMI applies highly inflationary accounting if the cumulative inflation rate in an economy for a three-year period meets or exceeds 100%. Subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency. Monetary assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date while non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange rates. Exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement adjustments are recorded within marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets valuation
PMI tests goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment annually or more frequently if events occur that would warrant such review.  PMI performs its annual impairment analysis in the second quarter of each year.  The impairment analysis involves comparing the fair value of each reporting unit or non-amortizable intangible asset to the carrying value.  If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, goodwill or a non-amortizable intangible asset is considered impaired.
Hedging instruments
Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets as either assets or liabilities.  Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period either in accumulated other comprehensive losses on the consolidated balance sheet or in earnings, depending on whether a derivative is designated and effective as part of a hedge transaction and, if it is, the type of hedge transaction.  Gains and losses on derivative instruments reported in accumulated other comprehensive losses are reclassified to the consolidated statements of earnings, into the same line item as the impact of the underlying transaction, in the periods in which operating results are affected by the hedged item. Cash flows from hedging instruments are classified in the same manner as the affected hedged item in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
Impairment of long-lived assets
PMI reviews long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets,