the
Blais
Class Action and the
Létourneau
Class Action, described above under the caption "
Smoking and Health Litigation — Canada,
" and
two
individual cases where final resolution in the amount of the verdict would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements, including our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position.
Pending claims related to combustible tobacco products generally fall within the following categories:
Smoking and Health Proposed Class Actions:
These cases primarily allege personal injury and are brought by individual plaintiffs on behalf of a class or purported class of individual plaintiffs. Plaintiffs' allegations of liability in these cases are based on various theories of recovery, including negligence, gross negligence, strict liability, fraud, misrepresentation, design defect, failure to warn, breach of express and implied warranties, violations of deceptive trade practice laws and consumer protection statutes. Plaintiffs in these cases seek various forms of relief, including compensatory and other damages, and injunctive and equitable relief. Defenses raised in these cases include licit activity, failure to state a claim, lack of defect, lack of proximate cause, assumption of the risk, contributory negligence, and statute of limitations.
As of December 31, 2024, there were
nine
cases brought on behalf of classes of individual plaintiffs pending against us, our subsidiaries or indemnitees, compared with
nine
such cases on December 31, 2023, and
nine
such cases on December 31, 2022, and such cases are described above under the caption “
Smoking and Health Litigation — Canada.
”
Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation:
These cases, brought by governmental and non-governmental plaintiffs, seek reimbursement of health care cost expenditures allegedly caused by tobacco products. Plaintiffs' allegations of liability in these cases are based on various theories of recovery including unjust enrichment, negligence, negligent design, strict liability, breach of express and implied warranties, violation of a voluntary undertaking or special duty, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, public nuisance, defective product, failure to warn, sale of cigarettes to minors, and claims under statutes governing competition and deceptive trade practices. Plaintiffs in these cases seek various forms of relief including compensatory and other damages, and injunctive and equitable relief. Defenses raised in these cases include lack of proximate cause, remoteness of injury, failure to state a claim, adequate remedy at law, “unclean hands” (namely, that plaintiffs cannot obtain equitable relief because they participated in, and benefited from, the sale of cigarettes), and statute of limitations.
As of December 31, 2024, there were
17
health care cost recovery cases pending against us, our subsidiaries or indemnitees in Brazil (
1
), Canada (
10
), Korea (
1
) and Nigeria (
5
), compared with
17