have a material impact on our business.  During the first quarter of 2025, the impact of new tariffs on our business was not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements. We expect the global tariff environment to remain volatile throughout 2025.
We are actively monitoring developments in the global tariff environment and will continue to evaluate the potential impact of the announced tariffs and related developments on our business and financial condition, as well as on our suppliers, and the actions we may take to mitigate any impact.  For our risk factors related to the impact of tariffs, see our "
Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results
” section of this Form 10-Q.
War in Ukraine
In Ukraine, our main priority remains the safety and security of our employees and their families in the country. We continue commercial activities in select locations where safety allows, in order to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, and supplies the market from production centers outside Ukraine, as well as through a contract manufacturing arrangement.  Production at our factory in Kharkiv remains suspended. On June 20, 2023, we announced the investment of $30 million in a new production facility in the Lviv region, in Western Ukraine. Preparatory work for the facility began in July 2023. The new production facility was completed at the end of the first quarter of 2024 and local production commenced in April 2024. As of March 31, 2025, our Ukrainian operations had approximately $0.6 billion in total assets, excluding intercompany balances.
In Russia, we are continuously assessing the evolving situation in the country. This includes regulatory constraints in the market entailing very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities, and restrictions resulting from international regulations. In the event of a divestment, our ability to fully realize the value of the business would likely be subject to material impairment.  As of March 31, 2025, our Russian operations had approximately $3.7 billion in total assets, excluding intercompany balances, of which approximately $1.3 billion consisted of cash and cash equivalents held mostly in local currency (Russian rubles).
Additionally, PMI holds a 23% equity interest in JSC TK Megapolis, PMI's distributor in Russia (SSEA, CIS & MEA segment), which as of March 31, 2025 had a carrying value of $353 million.  For further details, see Note 13.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other.
These developments above have or may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in impairment charges.
For further details, see "
Trade Policy
" and  "
Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results
" sections of this MD&A.
74
Table of Contents
Financial Review
Cash Flow Highlights
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
During