the sum of the cash received is recorded as a loss on sale of trade receivables within marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statements of earnings.  For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 the loss on sale of trade receivables was $
42
million, $
49
million and $
26
million, respectively.
Restructuring Activities:
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, PMI recorded total pre-tax restructuring charges of $
180
million and $
109
million, respectively. These pre-tax charges were included in marketing, administration and research costs on the consolidated statements of earnings. For the year ended December 31, 2022, PMI did
no
t record any charges related to restructuring activities.
IQOS
products sourcing for the U.S. market
On February 1, 2024, a subsidiary of PMI entered into a settlement agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) with Nicoventures Trading Limited (“NTV”), an affiliate of British American Tobacco p.l.c. (“BAT”). In accordance with its terms, the parties to the Settlement Agreement filed a joint motion to rescind the limited exclusion order and the cease-and-desist order issued by the International Trade Commission (“ITC”) on September 29, 2021, which was granted on March 11, 2024. Prior to their rescission, the orders prohibited the importation and sales of imported
IQOS
products to the United States of America (for further details of the Settlement Agreement, ITC order and its rescission, see Note 18.
Contingencies
). As a result, PMI has initiated a project in the first quarter of 2024 to restructure the sourcing of
IQOS
products to commercialize them in the United States.  For further details on
IQOS
commercialization in the U.S. and the related agreement with Altria Group, Inc (“Altria”), see Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
.
In 2024, PMI recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $
133
million related to this restructuring activity. This amount included contract termination costs with suppliers of $
73
million, including prepaid commitments of $
20
million. The amount also included asset impairment costs of $
60
million, primarily related to machinery and equipment and other assets, which were non-cash charges.
Venezuela
In the first quarter of 2024, PMI ceased its operations in Venezuela and as a result, recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $
47
million. The amount primarily included non-cash charges related to the reclassification of accumulated foreign currency translation losses from other comprehensive losses of $
38
million and asset impairment charge of $
5
million related to land and buildings. This amount also included contract termination, severance and other related costs of $
4
million, which were paid in cash.
For details on the income tax impact of the transaction, see Note 12.
Income Taxes
.
Manufacturing Footprint Optimization - Germany
As a result of declining demand for cigarettes and other tobacco products in Europe,
two
of PMI’s German subsidiaries,