she served as our President, South and Southeast Asia Region from January 2018. From 2015 until 2018, Ms. Kennedy served as Managing Director for Germany, Austria, Croatia, and Slovenia. Ms. Kennedy began her career with Philip Morris USA in 1995 as a Territory Sales Manager. Throughout her career, she held a number of positions of increasing responsibility in commercial and general management.
Stefano Volpetti – Age 53
Mr. Volpetti was appointed as our President Smoke-Free Inhalable Products & Chief Consumer Officer in January 2023, having served as President Smoke-Free Products Category & Chief Consumer Officer from November 2021. Mr. Volpetti joined PMI in June 2019 as Chief Consumer Officer. From February 2016 until May 2019, Mr. Volpetti served as the Vice President & Brand Franchise Leader of a multi-functional, global business unit at Procter & Gamble, a multinational consumer goods company.  Mr. Volpetti spent 22 years at Procter & Gamble, progressing through various roles with increasing responsibility locally in Italy and Mexico, and on a regional level for the European market. Mr. Volpetti also served as Chief Marketing Officer at Luxottica Group S.p.A, an Italian eyewear conglomerate, in 2015.
Insider Trading Policies and Procedures
We have
adopted
an insider trading policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities that applies to our directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons and entities, that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable listing standards. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 19.
Codes of Ethics and Corporate Governance
We have adopted a code of ethics, which we call the Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct complies with requirements set forth in Item 406 of Regulation S-K, applies to our Board of Directors and to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. The Code of Conduct is available free of charge on our website at www.pmi.com.
In addition, we have adopted corporate governance guidelines and charters for our Audit and Risk, Compensation and Leadership Development, Science and Technology and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees of the Board of Directors. All of these documents are available free of charge on our website at www.pmi.com. Any waiver granted by Philip Morris International Inc. to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer or controller, or any person performing similar functions under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of ethics, will be disclosed on our website at www.pmi.com.
149
The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Report or incorporated into any other filings made with the SEC.
Also refer