compliance policies aimed at preventing and detecting unlawful conduct, given the breadth and scope of our international operations, we may not be able to detect all potential improper or unlawful conduct by our employees and partners. Such improper or unlawful conduct (actual or alleged) could lead to litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands, and result in substantial costs.
Our reported results could be adversely affected by unfavorable currency exchange rates and currency fluctuations could impair our competitiveness. Our results could also be adversely affected by capital controls or by foreign currency exchange constraints or devaluations.
We conduct our business primarily in local currency and, for purposes of financial reporting, the local currency results are translated into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during a reporting period. Foreign currencies may fluctuate significantly against the U.S. dollar, reducing our net revenues, operating income and EPS.  Our primary local currency cost bases may be different from our primary currency revenue markets, and U.S. dollar fluctuations against various currencies may have disproportionate negative impact on cash flows and on net revenues as compared to our gross profit and operating income margins.
Capital controls and/or foreign currency exchange constraints may affect the ability of our subsidiaries in impacted jurisdictions to settle foreign currency denominated imports of goods and services and/or to pay dividends and royalties. These factors may also increase foreign currency devaluation risks, which may have a negative impact on our net assets and results of operations in these jurisdictions. All of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, including our leverage ratios, cash flows, net earnings, and profitability.
86
Table of Contents
A sustained period of elevated inflation across the markets in which we operate could result in higher operating and financing costs and lead to reduced demand for our products.
Increasing inflationary pressures have and may continue to result in significant increases to our expenses, including direct materials, wages, energy, and transportation costs. While we take actions, wherever possible, to reduce the impact of the effects of inflation, in cases of sustained and elevated inflation across several of our major markets, it may be difficult to effectively control the increases to our costs. In recent periods, increased inflation has and may continue to lead to growing pressures on the cost of certain direct materials, wages, energy, transportation, and logistics as well as an increased cost of capital due to interest rate increases driven by the response to increased inflation. Inflationary pressures may also negatively impact consumer purchasing power, which could result in reduced demand for our products. We expect a moderate inflationary increase in