of such developments. Furthermore, changes in the earnings mix or applicable foreign tax laws may result in significant variability in our effective tax rates.
As a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, certain taxing jurisdictions, including the U.S., have proposed punitive tax legislation applicable to companies doing business in Russia, which could also have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate if enacted thereby reducing our net earnings.
Because we are a U.S. holding company, our most significant source of funds is distributions from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Certain countries in which we operate have adopted or could institute currency exchange controls and other regulations or policies that limit or prohibit our local subsidiaries' ability to convert local currency into U.S. dollars or to make payments outside the country. This could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption.
82
Table of Contents
Disruptions in the credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may adversely affect our business.
We currently generate significant cash flows from ongoing operations and have access to global credit markets through our various short- and long- term financing activities. Our financial performance, credit ratings, interest rates, the stability of financial institutions with which we partner, geopolitical or national developments, the stability and liquidity of the credit markets and the state of the global economy could affect the availability and cost of financing.
Disruption in the credit markets, limitations on our ability to borrow, slower than anticipated debt deleveraging, or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, tighter or more volatile credit markets may lead to business disruptions for certain of our suppliers, contract manufacturers or trade customers which could, in turn, adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We could decide, or be required to, recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
We could decide - or laws, regulations, or administrative action could require us - to recall products due to the failure, or alleged failure, to meet quality or safety standards or specifications, suspected or confirmed and deliberate or unintentional product contamination, manufacturing defects, or other product safety concerns, adulteration, misbranding or tampering. A product recall or a product liability or other claim (even if unsuccessful or without merit) could generate negative publicity about us and our products, and our reputation or that of our brands may be adversely affected. In addition, if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category