tax or $0.25 per share decrease in diluted EPS) and $835 million (representing $629 million net of income tax or $0.40 per share decrease in diluted EPS), respectively. The higher amortization expense in 2024 included the reacquired rights recorded as other intangible assets, net following the reacquisition of
IQOS
commercialization rights in the U.S. from Altria Group, Inc. For further details, see Item 8, Note 5.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net
.
Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles –
During the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the completion of our annual review of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment, it was determined that the estimated fair value of the Wellness and Healthcare reporting unit was lower than its carrying value. Consequently, we recorded a total non-cash impairment charge of $680 million (representing a $0.44 per share decrease in diluted EPS) consisting of a goodwill impairment charge of $665 million and a non-amortizable intangible asset pre-tax impairment charge of $15 million for an in-process research and development project related to one of our 2021 acquisitions. The impairment charge was recorded in impairment of goodwill ($665 million) and marketing, administration and research costs ($15 million) in the consolidated statements of earnings during the year ended December 31, 2023 and was included in the Wellness and Healthcare segment results. During the first quarter of 2024, we recorded an impairment charge of $27 million (representing $20 million net of income tax or $0.01 per share decrease in diluted EPS), primarily reflecting the impairment of non-amortizable intangible assets related to an in-process research and development project in the Wellness and Healthcare segment. The impairment charge of $27 million was recorded in marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statements of earnings during the year ended December 31, 2024. For further details, see Item 8, Note 5.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net
.
Termination of distribution arrangement in the Middle East
– Following the termination of a distribution arrangement in the Middle East, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $80 million in the first quarter of 2023 (representing $70 million net of income tax and a diluted EPS charge of $0.04 per share). The pre-tax charge was recorded as a reduction of net revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2023 and was included in the SSEA, CIS & MEA segment results.
Swedish Match AB acquisition accounting related items
– During the first quarter of 2023, we recorded pre-tax purchase accounting adjustments of $18 million related to the sale of acquired inventories stepped up to fair value (representing $13 million net of income tax and a diluted EPS charge of $0.01 per share).  These pre-tax adjustments were recorded in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended