found that a claims process to allocate the awarded punitive damages to individual class members would be too expensive and difficult to administer.  On March 1, 2019, the Court of Appeal issued a decision largely affirming the trial court’s findings of liability and the total amount of punitive damages awarded allocating CAD
57
million (approximately $
41
million), including interest to RBH. See the
Blais
description above for further detail concerning the security order pertaining to both
Létourneau
and
Blais
cases and the impact of the decision on PMI’s financial statements.
RBH and PMI believe the findings of liability and damages in both
Létourneau
and the
Blais
cases were incorrect and in contravention of applicable law on several grounds including, the following: (i) defendants had no obligation to warn class members who knew, or should have known, of the risks of smoking; (ii) defendants cannot be liable to class members who would have smoked regardless of what warnings were given; and (iii) defendants cannot be liable to all class members given the individual differences among class members.
In the third class action pending in Canada,
Kunta v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers' Council, et al., The Queen's Bench, Winnipeg, Canada
, filed June 12, 2009, we, RBH, and our indemnitees (PM USA and Altria), and other members of the industry are defendants. The plaintiff, an individual smoker, alleges her own addiction to tobacco products and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (“COPD”), severe asthma, and mild reversible lung disease resulting from the use of tobacco products. She is seeking compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class comprised of all smokers, their estates, dependents and family members, as well as restitution of profits, and reimbursement of government health care costs allegedly caused by tobacco products.
In the fourth class action pending in Canada,
Adams v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers' Council, et al.,
The Queen's Bench, Saskatchewan, Canada
, filed July 10, 2009, we, RBH, and our indemnitees (PM USA and Altria), and other members of the industry are defendants. The plaintiff, an individual smoker, alleges her own addiction to tobacco products and COPD resulting from the use of tobacco products. She is seeking compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class comprised of all smokers who have smoked a minimum of
25,000
cigarettes and have allegedly suffered, or suffer, from COPD, emphysema, heart disease, or cancer, as well as restitution of profits.
In the fifth class action pending in Canada,
Semple v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers' Council, et al.,
The Supreme Court (trial court), Nova Scotia, Canada
, filed June 18, 2009, we, RBH, and our indemnitees (PM USA and Altria), and other members of the industry are defendants. The plaintiff, an individual smoker, alleges his own addiction to tobacco products and COPD resulting from the use of tobacco products. He is seeking compensatory