(RSU) awards
PMI may grant RSU awards to eligible employees; recipients may not sell, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber such awards. Such awards are subject to forfeiture if certain employment conditions are not met. RSU awards generally vest on the third anniversary of the grant date.  RSU awards do not carry voting rights, although they do earn dividend equivalents.
103
During 2024, the activity for RSU awards was as follows:
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the grant date fair value of the RSU awards granted to PMI employees and the recorded compensation expense related to RSU awards were as follows:
The fair value of the RSU awards at the date of grant is amortized to expense over the restriction period, typically
three years
after the date of the award, or upon death, disability or reaching the age of
58
. As of December 31, 2024, PMI had $
154
million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested RSU awards. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of  approximately
seventeen months
, or upon death, disability or reaching the age of
58
.
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, share and fair value information for PMI RSU awards that vested were as follows:
104
Performance share unit (PSU) awards
PMI may grant PSU awards to certain executives; recipients may not sell, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber such awards.  The PSU awards require the achievement of certain performance metrics, which are predetermined at the time of grant, typically over a
three-year
performance cycle.  The performance metrics for such PSU's granted during 2023 and 2022 consisted of PMI's Total Shareholder Return ("TSR") relative to a predetermined peer group and on an absolute basis (
40
% weight), PMI’s currency-neutral compound annual adjusted diluted earnings per share growth rate (
30
% weight), and a Sustainability Index, which consists of
two
drivers:
•
Pro
duct Sustainability
(
20
% weight) measuring progress primarily on PMI's efforts to maximize the benefits of smoke-free products, purposefully phase out cigarettes, and reduce post-consumer waste; and
•
Operational Sustainability
(
10
% weight) measuring progress on PMI's efforts to benefit PMI and its stakeholders by tackling climate change, preserving nature, improving the quality of life of people in its supply chain, and fostering an empowered, and inclusive workplace.
The performance metrics, targets and relative weights for the PSU’s granted during 2024 were the same as the PSU’s granted during 2023 and 2022, with the exception of adjustments made to certain components of the Sustainability Index intended to address PMI's developing sustainability strategy and reporting.
The PSU performance metrics may be adjusted if appropriate to reflect the impact of unusual or infrequently occurring events, including, to the extent significant, corporate transactions, accounting or tax law changes, asset write-downs,