time, we are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters, including tax, customs, antitrust, advertising, and labor practices. We describe certain pending matters in Item 8, Note 18.
Contingencies
.
In November 2010, a World Trade Organization ("WTO") panel issued its decision in a dispute between the Philippines and Thailand, concerning a series of Thai customs and tax measures affecting cigarettes imported by Philip Morris (Thailand) Limited ("PM Thailand") into Thailand. The decision concluded that Thailand had no basis to find that PM Thailand's declared customs values and taxes paid were too low, as alleged by the Thai government and created obligations for Thailand to revise its laws, regulations, or practices affecting the customs valuation and tax treatment of future cigarette imports. Thailand agreed to fully comply with the decision, but the Philippines asserts that to date Thailand has not fully complied with the WTO panel decision and commenced challenges at the WTO Appellate Body. The WTO Appellate Body is not operational, and the appeals by Thailand are suspended indefinitely. In December 2020, the Philippines and Thailand agreed to pursue facilitator-assisted discussions aimed at progressing and resolving outstanding issues and the countries have since agreed to seek the establishment of a bilateral consultative mechanism, with the goal of reaching a comprehensive settlement of their dispute, consistent with their rights and obligations under the WTO Agreements, as well as the recommendations and rulings of the WTO Dispute Settlement Body.
War in Ukraine
In Ukraine, our main priority remains the safety and security of our employees and their families in the country. We continue commercial activities in select locations where safety allows, in order to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, and supplies the market from production centers outside Ukraine, as well as through a contract manufacturing arrangement.  Production at our factory in Kharkiv remains suspended. On June 20, 2023, we announced the investment of $30 million in a new production facility in the Lviv region, in Western Ukraine. Preparatory work for the facility began in July 2023. The new production facility was completed at the end of the first quarter of 2024 and local production commenced in April 2024. As of December 31, 2024, our Ukrainian operations had approximately $0.6 billion in total assets, excluding intercompany balances.
In Russia, we are continuously assessing the evolving situation in the country.  This includes regulatory constraints in the market entailing very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities, and restrictions resulting from international regulations. In the event of a divestment, our ability to fully realize the value of the business would likely be subject to material impairment.  As of December 31, 2024, our Russian