changes in the fair value of the hedged item
(b)
Amount of gains (losses) on hedges of net investments principally related to changes in foreign currency exchange and interest rates between the Euro and U.S. dollar
(c)
Represent the gains for amounts excluded from the effectiveness testing
(d)
The gains (losses) from these contracts attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates are partially offset by the (losses) and gains generated by the underlying intercompany and third-party loans being hedged
124
Cash Flow Hedges
PMI has entered into derivative contracts to hedge the foreign currency exchange, interest rate and commodity price risks related to certain forecasted transactions.  Gains and losses associated with qualifying cash flow hedge contracts are deferred as components of accumulated other comprehensive losses until the underlying hedged transactions are reported in PMI’s consolidated statements of earnings. As of December 31, 2024, PMI has hedged forecasted transactions with derivative contracts expiring at various dates through May 2028. Premiums paid for, and settlements of, the derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges are included primarily in cash flows from operating activities on PMI’s consolidated statements of cash flows.
Fair Value Hedges
PMI has entered into fixed-to-floating interest rate contracts, designated as fair value hedges to minimize exposure to changes in the fair value of fixed rate U.S. dollar-denominated debt that results from fluctuations in benchmark interest rates.  For derivative contracts that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges the gain or loss on the derivative, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk, is recognized in current earnings. The carrying amount of the debt hedged, which includes the cumulative adjustment for fair value gains/losses, as of December 31, 2024 was $
2,941
million, of which $
346
million was recorded in
current portion of long-term debt
and $
2,595
million was recorded in
long-term debt
in the consolidated balance sheets.  The cumulative amount of fair value gains/(losses) included in the carrying amount of the debt hedged was $
42
million as of December 31, 2024.
Hedges of Net Investments in Foreign Operations
PMI designates derivative contracts and certain foreign currency denominated debt and other financial instruments as net investment hedges, primarily of its Euro net assets.  The amount of pre-tax gain/(loss) related to the non-derivative financial instruments, that was reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive losses within currency translation adjustments, was $
99
million
, $
48
million and $
521
million, for the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Settlements of the derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges are included in cash flows from investing activities on PMI’s consolidated statements of cash flows.
Other Derivatives
PMI has