costs, thus resulting in increases in the cost of inventory with corresponding impacts on our financial results in 2023, 2024 and 2025. In addition, our cash flow from operating activities, particularly in 2023, was impacted by the net working capital investment related to the procurement of tobacco leaf inventory and higher cost of direct materials.
We have taken several actions to mitigate these inflationary pressures.  Mitigation efforts have included (i) indexation clauses related to commodity costs and energy pricing within contracts, (ii) tactical inventory purchases, (iii) identification of new suppliers in different geographical locations for incremental sourcing, (iv) increasing tobacco leaf inventory durations to secure additional volumes at favorable prices, (v) optimizing the mix of tobacco leaf origins and suppliers, (vi) continuous evaluation of shipping routes and methods of shipment, (vii) supplier negotiations, (viii) variable contract durations for energy costs, (ix) hedging strategies, and (x) other pricing, productivity and procurement initiatives.
Research and Development Expense
The research and development expense for our smoke-free portfolio accounted for approximately 100% of our total research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2024 and approximately 99% for each of the two years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.  The research and development expense for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, is set forth in Item 8, Note 15.
Additional Information
to the consolidated financial statements.
Restructuring Activities
We discuss restructuring activities in Item 8, Note 20.
Restructuring Activities
to our consolidated financial statements.
U.S. GAAP Treatment of Highly Inflationary Economies
We apply highly inflationary accounting to the results of operations of our subsidiaries in Argentina, Egypt, Turkey and Lebanon as the cumulative inflation rate in these economies for a three-year period meets or exceeds 100%, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As a result, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in local currencies are remeasured to the U.S. Dollar at each balance sheet date, with remeasurement gains and losses recognized in consolidated statement of earnings.
This impact of currency fluctuations could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Following the categorization of Egypt by the International Practices Task Force of the Center for Audit Quality as a country with a three-year cumulative inflation rate greater than 100%, the country is considered highly inflationary in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Consequently, PMI has begun to account for the operations of its Egyptian subsidiaries as highly inflationary, and treat the U.S. dollar as the functional currency of the subsidiaries, effective October 1, 2024. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized exchange gains (losses) of
$(46) million,
$(194) million, and $11 million, respectively,