for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable.  PMI performs undiscounted operating cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment exists.  For purposes of recognition and measurement of an impairment for assets held for use, PMI groups assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable.  If an impairment is determined to exist, any related impairment loss is calculated based on fair value.  Impairment losses on assets to be disposed of, if any, are based on the lower of carrying value or estimated proceeds to be received less costs of disposal.
Investment in non-marketable equity securities
Non-marketable equity securities are subject to periodic impairment reviews during which PMI considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have a significant impact on the investees' fair value.  Upon determining that an impairment may exist, the security’s fair value is calculated and compared to its carrying value, and an impairment is recognized immediately if the carrying value exceeds the fair value.  For further details, see Note 6.
Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other
.
Impairment of equity method investments
Equity method investments are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investments may not be recoverable.  An impairment loss would be recorded whenever a decline in value of an equity investment below its carrying amount is determined to be other than temporary.  PMI determines whether a loss is other than temporary by considering the length of time and extent to which the fair value of the equity investment has been less than the carrying amount, the financial condition of the equity investment, and the intent to retain the investment for a period of time is sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.
85
Income taxes
Income taxes are provided on all earnings for jurisdictions outside the United States.  These provisions, as well as state and local income tax provisions, are determined on a separate company basis, and the related assets and liabilities are recorded in PMI’s consolidated balance sheets.  Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and in evaluating tax positions.  PMI recognizes accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as part of the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of earnings.  PMI recognizes income taxes associated with Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income ("GILTI") taxes as current period expense rather than including these amounts in the measurement of deferred taxes.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The first-in, first-out and average cost methods are used to cost substantially all inventories.  It is a generally recognized industry practice to