business and product categories evolve.
Goodwill and Non-Amortizable Intangible Assets Valuation -
We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment annually or more frequently if events occur that would warrant such review, using either a qualitative or quantitative assessment for each of our reporting units. Where a qualitative assessment is followed, we determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists based on qualitative factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant changes within the reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed. The quantitative impairment analysis involves comparing the fair value of each reporting unit or non-amortizable intangible asset to the carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, goodwill or a non-amortizable intangible asset is considered impaired. To determine the fair value of a reporting unit, we use the market approach using earnings multiples of comparable global companies within the tobacco industry and a discounted cash flow model. To determine the fair value of non-amortizable intangible assets, we primarily use a discounted cash flow model applying the relief-from-royalty method. These discounted cash flow models include management assumptions relevant for forecasting operating cash flows, which are subject to changes in business conditions, such as volumes and prices, costs to produce, discount rates and estimated capital needs. Management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the fair values are estimated, and we believe these assumptions are consistent with the assumptions a hypothetical marketplace participant would use.
During the second quarter of 2023, PMI completed its annual review of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment. We performed a quantitative impairment assessment for all of our reporting units and non-amortizable intangible assets with the exception of the three reporting units and non-amortizable intangible asset related to the Swedish Match segment for which we have performed a qualitative assessment. Based on this review, it was determined that the estimated fair value of the Wellness and Healthcare reporting unit was lower than its carrying value. Consequently, PMI recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $665 million. Additionally, as a result of the impairment test of non-amortizable intangible assets, PMI recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $15 million. There was no impairment charge of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for our other reporting units. For additional information, see Item 8, Note 5.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net
.
During the second quarter of 2024, PMI completed its annual review of