International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ (Deficit) Equity
For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
(in millions of dollars, except per share amounts)
(Unaudited)
See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.
9
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 1.
Background and Basis of Presentation:
Background
Philip Morris International Inc. is a holding company incorporated in Virginia, U.S.A. (also referred to herein as the U.S., the United States or the United States of America), whose subsidiaries and affiliates and their licensees are primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes and smoke-free products. Throughout these financial statements, the term "PMI" refers to Philip Morris International Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Smoke-Free Business ("SFB”) is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its smoke-free products. SFB also includes wellness and healthcare products, as well as consumer accessories, such as lighters and matches.
Smoke-free products (also referred to herein as "SFPs") is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its products that provide nicotine without combusting tobacco, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral smokeless, and that therefore generate far lower levels of harmful chemicals. As such, these products have the potential to present less risk of harm versus continued smoking.
Basis of Presentation
The interim condensed consolidated financial statements of PMI are unaudited.  These interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") and such principles are applied on a consistent basis. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S.GAAP have been omitted. It is the opinion of PMI’s management that all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the interim results presented have been reflected therein.  All such adjustments were of a normal recurring nature.  Net revenues and net earnings attributable to PMI for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the entire year.
Following the sale of Vectura Group Ltd. on December 31, 2024, PMI updated in January 2025 its segment reporting by including the ongoing Wellness & Healthcare results in the Europe segment. For further details on the sale of Vectura Group Ltd., see Note 2.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
. In addition, PMI renamed its “PMI Duty Free” business to “PMI Global Travel Retail” effective in the first quarter of 2025.  As a result of this change, PMI's segment that includes its duty free business was renamed East Asia, Australia & PMI Global Travel Retail (“EA, AU & PMI GTR”).
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current