regulations in the countries in which we do business. We have specific programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements and reduce our carbon footprint, wastage, as well as water and energy consumption. We report externally about our climate change mitigation strategy, together with associated targets and results in reducing our carbon footprint, through CDP (formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project), the leading international non-governmental organization assessing the work of thousands of companies worldwide in the area of environmental impact, including climate change.
5
Our environmental and occupational health and safety management program includes policies, standard practices and procedures at all our manufacturing centers. Furthermore, we have engaged an external certification body to validate the effectiveness of this management program at our manufacturing centers around the world, in accordance with internationally recognized standards ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 for safety and environmental management. Furthermore, we progressively certify our manufacturing centers against AWS (Alliance for Water Stewardship) and Carbon Neutrality, requiring improvement actions year on year. Our subsidiaries expect to continue to make investments in order to drive improved performance and maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations. We assess and report to our management the compliance status of all our legal entities on a regular basis. Based on current regulations, the management and controls we have in place and our review of climate change risks (both physical and regulatory), environmental expenditures have not had, and are not expected to have, a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, capital expenditures, financial position, earnings or competitive position.
As discussed in more detail in Item 1A.
Risk Factors
, our financial results could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives that could result in a significant decrease in demand for our brands or by climate-related regulations that increase our cost of operation. More specifically, any regulatory requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to convert to our SFPs, as well as any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Further, tightened climate-related regulation may lead to additional carbon taxation or energy price increases impacting our cost of operation. These shifts in regulation and other market trends could, amongst others, impact current deforestation rates. Availability of deforestation-free materials could be impacted by increased demand for alternative energy sources and low-carbon fuels, such as biomass, which could result in increased sourcing costs.
We discuss additional information regarding regulatory matters