contrast, we support regulation that sets clear standards for all SFP categories and propels innovation to benefit adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes.
EU Tobacco Products Directive ("TPD")
: In April 2014, the EU adopted a significantly revised TPD, which came into force in May 2016. All EU Member States have adopted laws transposing the TPD. The TPD sets forth a comprehensive set of regulatory requirements for tobacco products, including:
•
health warnings covering 65% of the front and back panels of cigarette packs, with an option for Member States to further standardize tobacco packaging, including the introduction of plain packaging;
•
a ban on characterizing flavors in some tobacco products;
•
security features and tracking and tracing measures; and
•
a framework for the regulation of novel tobacco products and e-cigarettes, including requirements for health warnings and information leaflets, a prohibition on product packaging text related to reduced risk, and the introduction of notification requirements or authorization procedures in advance of commercialization.
In February 2024, the European Commission published an updated implementation roadmap to Europe's Beating Cancer Plan (the "Plan"). Further developments concerning a revision of the TPD are expected during the mandate of the European Commission that took office in December 2024.
In May 2024, the EU-wide systems of traceability and security features for tobacco products were extended to include tobacco products other than cigarettes and roll-your-own tobacco products. As such, all tobacco products are covered by the traceability system.
EU Tobacco Excise Directive ("TED")
: The EU Commission is preparing a legislative proposal for the revision of the 2011 EU Tobacco Excise Directive that may include definitions and tax treatment for novel tobacco and nicotine-containing products, including heated tobacco products, e-cigarettes and nicotine pouches. The timeline for the revision has not been announced.
64
Table of Contents
Any final amendments to TED require unanimous agreement by all EU Member States, followed by transposition of TED into national legislation.
Plain Packaging and Other Packaging Restrictions
: Plain packaging legislation bans the use of branding, logos and colors on packaging other than the brand name and variant that may be printed only in specified locations and in a uniform font. To date, plain packaging laws have been adopted in certain markets in all of our operating segments, including the key markets of Australia, France, Saudi Arabia and Turkey. Some countries, such as Canada, Denmark and Israel, adopted plain packaging regulations that apply to all tobacco products, including SFPs.  Other countries are also considering plain packaging legislation.
Some countries have adopted, or are considering adopting, packaging restrictions that could have an impact similar to plain packaging.  Examples of such restrictions include