Proceedings were fully and finally discharged, without admission of liability.
The parties have also agreed to certain covenants not to sue on a perpetual, royalty-free basis or on a royalty-bearing basis, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Settlement Agreement, and, among other things, both parties may introduce certain heat-not-burn and vapor products under the Settlement Agreement (including certain evolutions of the existing heat-not-burn and e-vapor products, and certain variants and product line extensions of heat-not-burn and e-vapor products), which products may be royalty-bearing or royalty-free depending on the patents of the other party that may have been used in the development thereof.
Seasonality
Our business segments are not significantly affected by seasonality, although in certain markets cigarette consumption may be lower during the winter months due to the cold weather and may rise during the summer months due to outdoor use, longer daylight, and tourism. However, we typically experience higher SFP adult user growth in the first half of each year versus the second half of each year due to seasonal influences.
Available Information
We are required to file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The SEC maintains an Internet website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, from which investors can electronically access our SEC filings.
We make available free of charge on, or through, our website at www.pmi.com our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Investors can access our filings with the SEC by visiting www.pmi.com.
The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC.
Item 1A.
Risk Factors.
The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our operating results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements
We may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC, in reports to investors and in press releases and investor webcasts. You can identify these