relating to climate change in Item 7,
Climate Change Laws and Regulations.
Information About Our Executive Officers
The disclosure regarding executive officers is hereby incorporated by reference to the discussion under the heading “Information about our Executive Officers as of February 6, 2025” in Part III, Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Item 10”).
Intellectual Property
Our trademarks are valuable assets, and their protection and reputation are essential to us. We own the trademark rights to all of our principal brands, including
Marlboro
(outside of the U.S.),
HEETS, IQOS
,
IQOS ILUMA,
TEREA
,
VEEV
and
ZYN,
or have the right to use them in all countries in which these brands are advertised or sold.
In addition, we have a large number of granted patents and pending patent applications worldwide. Our patent portfolio, as a whole, is material to our business. However, no one patent, or group of related patents, is material to us. We also have registered industrial designs, as well as unregistered proprietary trade secrets, technology, know-how, processes and other unregistered intellectual property rights.
Effective January 1, 2008, PMI entered into an Intellectual Property Agreement with Philip Morris USA Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Altria Group, Inc. (“PM USA”). The Intellectual Property Agreement allocates ownership of jointly funded intellectual property as follows:
•
PMI owns all rights to jointly funded intellectual property outside the United States, its territories and possessions; and
•
PM USA owns all rights to jointly funded intellectual property in the United States, its territories and possessions.
The parties agreed to submit disputes under the Intellectual Property Agreement first to negotiation between senior executives and then to binding arbitration.
An agreement was reached with PM USA in 2022 relating to
IQOS
commercialization rights in the U.S. including, among other things, an agreement relating to intellectual property rights consistent with the commercialization rights for relevant
IQOS
products.
On February 1, 2024, Philip Morris Products S.A., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of PMI, and Nicoventures Trading Limited, an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., entered into a settlement agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) for an eight-year term, under which, among other things: (i) certain pending legal proceedings (the “Proceedings”) between them concerning certain of their respective products were dismissed with prejudice, subject to certain limited exceptions, and
6
without admission of liability; (ii) the Limited Exclusion Order and Cease and Desist Order issued by the International Trade Commission on September 29, 2021, prohibiting the importation of certain heat-not-burn products by PMI and its affiliates into the United States was rescinded; and (iii) any injunctions granted to either party in the