an example, the recent commercial success of the nicotine pouch category makes it more prone to be affected by illicit trade. Our ongoing anti-illicit initiatives for nicotine pouches include PMI’s ‘know-your-customer’ and ‘anti-diversion’ governance and other measures, such as volume monitoring, tracking and tracing, product security, as well as internal and external awareness training and communications. We are also expanding our market monitoring -both online and offline- and illicit trade research program to nicotine pouches. PMI affiliates and Swedish Match affiliates, are taking appropriate actions to address the illicit resale of certain of our oral products including nicotine pouches outside their initial intended market of retail, such as Scandinavia, the U.S. and other markets. Such actions include awareness communications to trade partners, cease-and-desist letters to those involved in illicit trade of products bearing our brands and limiting and/or terminating sales to certain customers in both the online and traditional trade.
A number of jurisdictions are considering actions to prevent illicit trade. In November 2012, the FCTC adopted the Protocol to Eliminate Illicit Trade in Tobacco Products (the “Protocol”), which includes supply chain control measures, such as licensing of manufacturers and distributors, enforcement of these control measures in free trade zones, controls on duty free and Internet channels and the implementation of tracking and tracing technologies. To date, 69 Parties, including the EU, have ratified it.  The Protocol came into force in September 2018. Since then, implementation in national legislations has been ongoing. In February 2024, the third Meeting of the Parties to the Protocol took place. No additional restrictive measures were adopted, and a mandate to conduct further work will be considered at the next session, currently scheduled to take place in November 2025.
The tracking and tracing regulations for cigarettes and roll-your-own products manufactured or destined for the EU were extended to include tobacco products other than cigarettes, including some of our SFPs, as of May 20, 2024.
Other Developments
In September 2017, we announced our support of the Foundation for a Smoke-Free World (the "Foundation"). The Foundation is an independent, nonprofit organization dedicated to reducing the health impacts of smoking as set out in its Articles of Incorporation and its Bylaws. In September 2020, our pledge agreement with the Foundation was amended. We contributed $45 million in 2020, $40 million in 2021, $17.5 million in 2022, and had expected to contribute up to $35 million annually from 2023 through 2029, as specified in the amended pledge agreement. In 2023, the Foundation and PMI agreed to terminate the existing pledge agreement and PMI has made final grant payments totaling $140 million, commensurate with the early termination of the pledge agreement.
64
Governmental Investigations
From time to