defendants
.
Plaintiffs seek reimbursement for the cost of treating alleged smoking-related diseases for the past
20
years, payment of anticipated costs of treating alleged smoking-related diseases for the next
20
years, various forms of injunctive relief, plus punitive damages. We challenged service as improper. In June 2010, the court ruled that plaintiffs did not have leave to serve the writ of summons on the defendants and that they must re-serve the writ. We have not yet been re-served.
29
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
In the fifth health care cost recovery case in Nigeria,
The Attorney General of Ogun State v. British American Tobacco (Nigeria) Limited, et al., High Court of Ogun State, Abeokuta, Nigeria
, filed February 26, 2008, we and other members of the industry are defendants. Plaintiff seeks reimbursement for the cost of treating alleged smoking-related diseases for the past
20
years, payment of anticipated costs of treating alleged smoking-related diseases for the next
20
years, various forms of injunctive relief, plus punitive damages. In May 2010, the trial court rejected our objections to the court's jurisdiction. We have appealed. Currently, the case is stayed in the trial court pending the appeals of certain co-defendants relating to service objections.
In the health care cost recovery case in Korea, the
National Health Insurance Service v. KT&G, et. al.,
filed April 14, 2014, our subsidiary and other Korean manufacturers are defendants.  Plaintiff alleges, among other things, that defendants concealed the health hazards of smoking, marketed to youth, added ingredients to make their products more harmful and addictive, and misled consumers into believing that
Lights
cigarettes are safer than regular cigarettes.  The National Health Insurance Service seeks to recover damages allegedly incurred in treating
3,484
patients with small cell lung cancer, squamous cell lung cancer, and squamous cell laryngeal cancer from 2003 to 2012. The trial court dismissed the case in its entirety on November 20, 2020. The Appellate court granted the Plaintiff a
de novo
appeal in 2021 and determined that the appellate proceedings will take place in stages: wrongful conduct/product defect allegations first, then causation and finally issues such as standing/direct action. The plaintiff's appeal remains pending.
Public Civil Actions:
Claims have been filed either by an individual, or a public or private entity, seeking to protect collective or individual rights, such as the right to health, the right to information or the right to safety. Plaintiffs' allegations of liability in these cases are based on various theories of recovery including product defect, concealment, and misrepresentation. Plaintiffs in these cases seek various forms of relief including injunctive relief such as banning cigarettes, descriptors, smoking in certain places and