statutes claims and is seeking compensatory and punitive damages, disgorgement of profits, attorney’s fees and expenses, interest and other applicable injunctive relief.  On September 24, PMI and Swedish Match North America LLC filed motions to dismiss the complaint with prejudice, and a motion to stay discovery. On October 2, 2024, Plaintiff filed a notice of voluntary dismissal without prejudice as to Swedish Match, which the Court ordered on October 3, 2024. At this time, no estimated loss has been accrued in the consolidated financial statements for this proceeding and we cannot determine the likelihood of loss, or reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, from this proceeding.
District of Columbia Attorney General Investigation
: On June 11, 2024, Swedish Match North America LLC received a subpoena from the office of the Attorney General of the District of Columbia (“D.C.”).  The subpoena requested, among other things, information concerning Swedish Match North America LLC’s compliance with D.C.’s licensing regulations, age-verification requirements, and prohibition on the sale of flavored tobacco products, including with respect to
ZYN
nicotine pouches.  Swedish Match North America LLC cooperated with the investigation, and on December 12, 2024, it executed an assurance of voluntary compliance with the office of the Attorney General to resolve the Attorney General's investigation, without admitting liability or
134
wrongdoing. Pursuant to the assurance of voluntary compliance, Swedish Match North America LLC paid $
1,200,000
to D.C. and agreed to undertake certain limited conduct obligations moving forward.
Other Litigation
On November 18, 2024, a putative class action,
Neumark v. Swedish Match North America LLC
, was filed before United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.  The complaint named Swedish Match North America LLC as the defendant.  Plaintiff alleges that Swedish Match North America LLC violated federal and state antitrust laws by, among other things, driving a competitor from the market through purportedly baseless litigation and entering into an allegedly anticompetitive agreement with PMI whereby PMI, through an indirect subsidiary, acquired Swedish Match North America LLC and eliminated itself as a competitor in the U.S. nicotine pouch market.  Plaintiff asserts claims under the Sherman Antitrust Act, the Clayton Antitrust Act, state antitrust law, and for unjust enrichment.  Plaintiff seeks to represent (i) all natural persons, businesses, entities, and corporations in the United States who purchased
ZYN
at retail during the class period; and (ii) all natural persons, businesses, entities, and corporations in the United States who live in states that have certain antitrust statutes who purchase
ZYN
at retail during the class period.  Plaintiff is seeking damages (including treble damages as available under antitrust laws), costs, attorneys’ fees, disgorgement of profit, pre- and post-judgment