advertising, as well as implementing communication campaigns and reimbursement of medical expenses incurred by public or private institutions.
As of March 31, 2025, there was
one
public civil action pending against our subsidiary in Venezuela (
1
), compared with
one
such case on March 31, 2024.
In a public civil action in Venezuela,
Federation of Consumers and Users Associations (“FEVACU”), et al. v. National Assembly of Venezuela and the Venezuelan Ministry of Health, Constitutional Chamber of the Venezuelan Supreme Court
, filed April 29, 2008, we were not named as a defendant, but the plaintiffs published a notice pursuant to court order, notifying all interested parties to appear in the case. In January 2009, our subsidiary appeared in the case in response to this notice. The plaintiffs purport to represent the right to health of the citizens of Venezuela and claim that the government failed to protect adequately its citizens' right to health. The claim asks the court to order the government to enact stricter regulations on the manufacture and sale of tobacco products. In addition, the plaintiffs ask the court to order companies involved in the tobacco industry to allocate a percentage of their “sales or benefits” to establish a fund to pay for the health care costs of treating smoking-related diseases. In October 2008, the court ruled that plaintiffs have standing to file the claim and that the claim meets the threshold admissibility requirements. In December 2012, the court admitted our subsidiary and a subsidiary of British American Tobacco plc as interested third parties. In February 2013, our subsidiary answered the complaint. On February 27, 2024, the Attorney General of Venezuela filed, on behalf of defendants, a motion to dismiss the case for lack of prosecution.
Smoke-Free Products-Related Litigation
Claims have been filed against PMI and one or more subsidiaries related to
ZYN
nicotine pouches. These cases were filed either on behalf of an individual plaintiff, or on behalf of a purported class of individuals. Plaintiffs assert a variety of common law and statutory claims, and seek various forms of relief, including monetary and equitable relief.
In the first case, a putative class action,
Kelly v. Philip Morris International Inc., et al.
, filed on March 19, 2024, before United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, plaintiff alleges, among other things, addiction to nicotine resulting from the use of
ZYN
nicotine pouches (the "
Kelly
class action"). The complaint named PMI and Swedish Match North America LLC as defendants. Plaintiff purports to represent classes comprised of (i) all persons who purchased
ZYN
products in the United States, (ii) all residents of Florida who purchased
ZYN
products, and (iii) all residents of Florida who, at the time of their use of
ZYN
products, were under the age of 21, and who procured and used
ZYN
products. Plaintiff alleges, among other things, that defendants defectively