other adjustments of accumulated earnings of the Russian subsidiary.  As of December 31, 2024, there are risks related to this investment as the fair value of these assets with their associated rights is difficult to predict due to the current economic, political, regulatory, legal and social conditions as well as the foreign currency volatility.
95
PMI holds a
49
% equity interest in United Arab Emirates-based Emirati Investors-TA (FZC) (“EITA”).  PMI holds an approximate
25
% economic interest in Société des Tabacs Algéro-Emiratie (“STAEM”), an Algerian joint venture that is
51
% owned by EITA and
49
% by the Algerian state-owned enterprise Management et Développement des Actifs et des Ressources Holding ("MADAR Holding"), which manufactures and distributes under license some of PMI’s brands (SSEA, CIS & MEA segment).
In April 2023, PMI acquired an approximate economic interest of
25
% in United Tobacco Company ("UTC"). UTC is an entity incorporated in Egypt which manufactures products under license for PMI’s Egyptian subsidiary. On May 16, 2024, PMI acquired a controlling interest in UTC. For further details, see Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
.
In May 2024, PMI acquired an indirect economic interest of
14.7
% in Eastern Company (“Eastern"), Egypt’s largest cigarette manufacturer which also includes cigars and pipe tobacco, among others, in its portfolio. PMI accounted for its investment in Eastern under the equity method of accounting as it has the indirect ability to participate in Eastern's policy making processes.  In relation to the acquisition, PMI subsequently entered into an agreement in August 2024 to guarantee certain credit facilities and repayment of certain bank loan liabilities. The maximum amount of these guarantee obligations is $
385
million and they will be in effect until 2034. As of December 31, 2024, PMI has not finalized the basis difference allocation resulting from the investment.
The initial investments in Megapolis Distribution BV, EITA, Eastern and UTC (up to the acquisition of controlling interest in UTC on May 16, 2024) have been recorded at cost and are included in equity investments on the consolidated balance sheets. Transactions between these equity method investees and PMI subsidiaries are considered to be related-party transactions and are included in the tables below.
Equity securities:
On March 22, 2019, PMI’s wholly owned subsidiary in Canada, Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc. (“RBH”) obtained an initial order from the Ontario Superior Court of Justice granting it protection under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act ("CCAA"), which is a Canadian federal law that permits a Canadian business to restructure its affairs while carrying on its business in the ordinary course with minimal disruption to its customers, suppliers and employees. The administration of the CCAA process, principally relating to the powers provided to the court under the CCAA and the oversight provided by the court appointed