guarantees unconditionally and irrevocably to the noteholders the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the notes.
Equity and Dividends
We discuss our stock awards as of December 31, 2024, in Item 8, Note 10.
Stock Plans
to our consolidated financial statements.
On June 11, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $7 billion, with target spending of $5 billion to $7 billion over a three-year period.  On July 22, 2021, we began repurchasing shares under this share repurchase program. On May 11, 2022, we announced the suspension of our three-year share repurchase program following the recommended public offer to acquire the outstanding shares of Swedish Match from its shareholders. We did not make any share repurchases in 2023 and 2024.
Our three-year share repurchase program expired on July 21, 2024.
Dividends paid in 2024 were $8.2 billion.  During the third quarter of 2024, our Board of Directors approved a 3.8% increase in the quarterly dividend to $1.35 per common share.  As a result, the present annualized dividend rate is $5.40 per common share.
Market Risk
Counterparty Risk -
We predominantly work with financial institutions with strong short- and long-term credit ratings as assigned by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. These banks are also part of a defined group of relationship banks. Non-investment grade institutions are only used in certain emerging markets to the extent required by local business needs. We have a conservative approach when it comes to choosing financial counterparties and financial instruments. As such we do not invest or hold investments in any structured or equity-linked products. The majority of our cash and cash equivalents is currently invested with maturities of less than 30 days.
We continuously monitor and assess the credit worthiness of all our counterparties.
Derivative Financial Instruments -
We operate globally with manufacturing and sales facilities in various locations around the world.  Consequently, we use certain financial instruments to manage our foreign currency and interest rate exposure.  We use derivative financial instruments principally to reduce our exposure to market risks resulting from fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates by creating offsetting exposures.  We are not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by policy, do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
See Item 8, Note 16.
Financial Instruments
to our consolidated financial statements for further details on our derivative financial instruments and the related collateral arrangements.
73
Value at Risk
-
We use a value at risk computation to estimate the potential one-day loss in the fair value of our interest-rate-sensitive and foreign currency price-sensitive derivative financial instruments, representing the majority of our derivative financial instruments exposure.