and Ukraine.  These standards are voluntary, except for the UAE, where they are mandatory.
We expect other governments to consider similar product standards for all novel tobacco and nicotine-containing products and encourage making them mandatory.
Restrictions on Public Smoking and Use of Nicotine-Containing Products in Public
: The pace and scope of restrictions on the use of our products have increased significantly in most of our markets.  Many countries around the world have adopted, or are likely to adopt, regulations that restrict or ban smoking and use of certain nicotine-containing products in public and/or workplaces, restaurants, bars and nightclubs. Some public health groups have called for, and some countries, regional governments and municipalities have adopted or proposed, bans on smoking in outdoor places, as well as bans on smoking in cars (typically, when minors are present) and private homes. On December 3, 2024, the EU Council adopted its legally non-binding recommendation on smoke- and aerosol-free environments. While the recommendations recognize scientifically proven differences between smoke-free and combustible products, they nevertheless encourage EU member states to restrict usage of both conventional and novel tobacco products in indoor public spaces and some outdoor areas. Each member state is to decide whether or not to implement these recommendations.
Generation Bans
: Certain regulators are considering generation sales bans, which prohibit the sale of certain tobacco or nicotine products to people born after a certain year. In December 2022, New Zealand adopted regulatory measures restricting the sale and supply of smoked tobacco products, including prohibiting the sale of smoked tobacco products to anyone born on or after January 1, 2009. These measures were limited to smoked tobacco products and did not apply to heated tobacco products and e-cigarettes. The New Zealand parliament repealed the measures in February 2024, before they were implemented. On November 5, 2024, the UK government introduced a bill to the parliament, which if adopted, would ban the sale of tobacco products, including HTPs, herbal smoking products and cigarette papers to those born on or after January 1, 2009.
Other Regulatory Issues
: Some regulators are considering, or in some cases have adopted, regulatory measures designed to reduce the supply of tobacco products. These include regulations intended to reduce the number of retailers selling tobacco products by, for example, reducing the overall number of tobacco retail licenses available or banning the sale of tobacco products within specified distances of certain public facilities. In a limited number of markets, most notably Japan, we are dependent on governmental approvals that may limit our pricing flexibility.
The EU Single-Use Plastics Directive, which will require tobacco manufacturers and importers to cover the costs of public collection systems for tobacco product filters, under