our SFPs, or disproportionately impacts the commercialization of our products in relation to our competitors.
Competitors in our industry include Altria Group, Inc., British American Tobacco plc, Japan Tobacco Inc., Imperial Brands plc, new market entrants, particularly with respect to innovative products, several regional and local tobacco companies and, in some instances, state-owned tobacco enterprises, principally in Algeria, Egypt, China, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. Some competitors have different profit, volume and regulatory objectives, and some international competitors may be less susceptible than PMI to changes in currency exchange rates. Certain new market entrants in the non-combustible product category may alienate consumers from innovative products through inappropriate marketing campaigns, messaging and inferior product satisfaction, and without scientific substantiation based on appropriate R&D protocols and standards. The growing use of digital media could increase the speed and extent of the dissemination of inaccurate and misleading information about our SFPs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations.
Procurement and Raw Materials
We purchase tobacco leaf of various types, grades and styles throughout the world, mostly through independent international tobacco suppliers. In 2024, we also contracted directly with farmers in several countries, including Argentina, Brazil, Italy, Pakistan and Poland. In 2024, direct sourcing from farmers represented approximately 18% of PMI’s global leaf requirements. The largest supplies of tobacco leaf are sourced from Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Italy, Indonesia (mostly for domestic use in kretek products), Malawi, Mozambique, the Philippines, Turkey and the United States. We believe that there is a sufficient supply of tobacco leaf in the world markets to satisfy our current and anticipated production requirements.
Given the global reach of our value chain, properly managing land and water resources and utilizing a geographically diversified sourcing strategy for agricultural products are priorities as we seek to increase the resilience of our production systems and minimize operational risks. We conduct a global water risk assessment annually in tobacco-growing regions to identify potential hotspots for physical water risks that require adaptation measures. Our water stewardship strategy includes guidance for applying a landscape approach to water optimization projects, protecting natural resources and recharge areas, and improving the efficiency of irrigation systems to integrate better farm water management. These business practices are intended to mitigate the risk that climate change could influence weather patterns in ways that negatively impact the quality or cost of the agricultural products used to manufacture our products.
In addition to tobacco leaf, we purchase a wide variety of direct materials from a total of