reflected as currency translation adjustments in the condensed consolidated statements of stockholders' (deficit) equity.
The 2024 tax items that increased our 2024 diluted EPS by $0.03 per share in the table above were due to a U.S. tax benefit for a worthless stock deduction under section 165(g) of the Internal Revenue Code related to PMI’s investment in C.A. Tabacalera Nacional, a wholly owned foreign corporation incorporated in Venezuela.
The change in the tax rate that decreased our diluted EPS by $0.03 per share in the table above was primarily due to increases in foreign statutory tax rates and repatriation cost differences, partially offset by a decrease in U.S. state income tax expense.
Currency
–  The unfavorable impact of $0.07 per share during the reporting period primarily results from the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the Egyptian pound, Japanese yen, Mexican peso and Russian ruble. This unfavorable currency movement has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases.
Interest
– The favorable impact of $0.03 per share from interest in the table above was primarily due to a favorable mark-to-market adjustment related to derivative financial instruments and a lower average debt level.
Operations
– The increase in diluted EPS of $0.26 from our operations in the table above was due primarily to the following segments:
•
Americas: Favorable volume/mix and a favorable pricing variance, partly offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs;
•
EA, AU & PMI GTR: Favorable volume/mix;
•
SSEA, CIS & MEA: Favorable pricing and higher cigarette volume and HTU volume, partly offset by higher manufacturing costs and higher marketing, administration and research costs; and
•
Europe: Favorable pricing and favorable volume/mix, partly offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs.
48
Table of Contents
Discussion and Analysis
Critical Accounting Estimates
For information on our critical accounting estimates, see "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" in the MD&A included in Item 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Operating Results
See pages
79
-
91
for a discussion of our "
Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results
." Net revenues, significant expenses, and operating income by segment were as follows:
Our net revenues by product category are shown in the table below:
Note: Sum of product categories or Regions might not foot to total PMI due to rounding
49
Table of Contents
Items affecting the comparability of results from operations were as follows:
•
Restructuring charges
- See Note 16.
Restructuring Activities
for a breakdown of these costs by segment for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Net revenues related to combustible tobacco refer to the operating revenues generated from the sale of these products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and