sheet activity with the above related parties was as follows:
The activities with the above related parties are in the ordinary course of business, and are primarily for distribution, service fees, contract manufacturing and license agreements. PMI eliminated its respective share of all significant intercompany transactions with the equity method investees.
Note 14.
Sale of Accounts Receivable:
To mitigate risk and enhance cash and liquidity management, PMI sells trade receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions. These arrangements allow PMI to sell, on an ongoing basis, certain trade receivables without recourse. The trade receivables sold are generally short-term in nature and are removed from the condensed consolidated balance sheets. PMI sells trade receivables under
two
types of arrangements, servicing and non-servicing. For servicing arrangements, PMI continues to
40
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
service the sold trade receivables on an administrative basis and does not act on behalf of the unaffiliated financial institutions.  When applicable, a servicing liability is recorded for the estimated fair value of the servicing. The amounts associated with the servicing liability were not material as of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024. Under the non-servicing arrangements, PMI does not provide any administrative support or servicing after the trade receivables have been sold to the unaffiliated financial institutions.
Cumulative trade receivables sold, including excise taxes, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, were $
2.4
billion and $
2.7
billion, respectively. PMI’s operating cash flows were positively impacted by the amount of the trade receivables sold and derecognized from the condensed consolidated balance sheets, which remained outstanding with the unaffiliated financial institutions. The trade receivables sold that remained outstanding under these arrangements as of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, were $
0.6
billion and $
0.7
billion, respectively. The net proceeds received are included in cash provided by operating activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The difference between the carrying amount of the trade receivables sold and the sum of the cash received is recorded as a loss on sale of trade receivables within marketing, administration and research costs in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings.  For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the loss on sale of trade receivables was $
8
million and $
12
million, respectively.
Note 15.
Product Warranty:
PMI's heat-not-burn devices and e-vapor products are subject to standard product warranties generally for a period of
12
months from the date of purchase or such other periods as required by law.  PMI generally provides in cost of sales for the estimated cost of warranty in the period the related revenue is