related to PMI’s investment in C.A. Tabacalera Nacional, a wholly owned foreign corporation incorporated in Venezuela.
The change in the tax rate that decreased our diluted EPS by $0.07 per share in the table above was primarily due to increases in U.S. state tax expense, repatriation cost differences, and changes in earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction.
31
Currency
– The unfavorable impact of $0.38 per share during the reporting period primarily results from the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the Egyptian pound, Euro, Japanese yen and Russian ruble. This unfavorable currency movement has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases.
Interest
– The unfavorable impact of $0.03 per share from interest in the table above was due primarily to higher average debt levels and higher average interest rates on debt, partially offset by higher interest income.
Operations
– The increase in diluted EPS of $1.04 per share from our operations in the table above was due primarily to the following segments:
•
SSEA, CIS & MEA: Favorable pricing and favorable volume/mix, partly offset by higher manufacturing costs and higher marketing, administration and research costs;
•
Europe: Favorable pricing and favorable volume/mix, partly offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs;
•
EA, AU & PMI DF: Favorable pricing, favorable volume/mix and lower manufacturing costs, partly offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs; and
•
Americas: Favorable volume/mix and favorable pricing, partly offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs.
For further details, see the
Consolidated Operating Results
and
Operating Results by Business Segment
sections of the following
Discussion and Analysis
.
Discussion and Analysis
Critical Accounting Estimates
Item 8, Note 2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
to our consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. In most instances, we must use a particular accounting policy or method because it is the only one that is permitted under U.S. GAAP.
The preparation of financial statements requires that we use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, net revenues and expenses, as well as our disclosure of contingencies. If actual amounts differ from previous estimates, we include the revisions in our consolidated results of operations in the period during which we know the actual amounts. Historically, aggregate differences, if any, between our estimates and actual amounts in any year have not had a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
The selection and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates have been discussed with our Audit & Risk Committee. The following is a discussion of the more significant assumptions, estimates,