recorded in PMI’s condensed consolidated balance sheets.
PMI’s effective tax rates for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were
20.0
% and
24.8
%, respectively.
The effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was favorably impacted by a deferred tax benefit for unrealized foreign currency losses on intercompany loans related to the Swedish Match acquisition financing reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings ($
93
million), while the underlying pre-tax foreign currency movements fully offset in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings and were reflected as currency translation adjustments in its condensed consolidated statements of stockholders' (deficit) equity; partially offset by an increase in deferred tax liabilities related to the fair value adjustment of equity securities held by PMI ($
40
million).
The effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was unfavorably impacted by: (i) a deferred tax charge for unrealized foreign currency gains on intercompany loans related to the Swedish Match acquisition financing reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings ($
111
million), while the underlying pre-tax foreign currency movements fully offset in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings and were reflected as currency translation adjustments in its condensed consolidated statements of stockholders' (deficit) equity; and (ii) an increase in deferred tax liabilities related to the fair value adjustment of equity securities held by PMI ($
43
million); partially offset by a U.S. tax benefit for a worthless stock
34
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
deduction under section 165(g) of the Internal Revenue Code related to PMI's investment in C.A. Tabacalera Nacional, a wholly owned foreign corporation incorporated in Venezuela ($
47
million). For further details on PMI's ceased operations in Venezuela, see Note 16.
Restructuring Activities
.
Changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”), which recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. Many countries have enacted the OECD’s framework on a global minimum tax (referred to as “Pillar Two”), effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023. PMI has determined that Pillar Two did not have a material impact on its 2024 consolidated financial statements.
PMI is regularly examined by tax authorities around the world and is currently under examination in a number of jurisdictions. The U.S. federal statute of limitations remains open for the years 2019 and onward.  Foreign and U.S. state jurisdictions have statutes of limitations generally ranging from
3
to
5
years after the filing of a return.
Subsidiaries of PMI in Indonesia,