(v) chew bags products: weighted average 20 pouches per can.
Unless otherwise stated, market share for HTUs is defined as the in-market sales volume for HTUs as a percentage of the total estimated industry sales volume for cigarettes and HTUs.
References to total industry (or total market), our shipment volume and our market share performance reflect cigarettes and heated tobacco units, unless otherwise stated.
Total industry volume, PMI in-market sales volume and PMI market share for the following geographies include the cigarillo category in Japan: the total international market, EA, AU & PMI DF Region, and Japanese domestic market.
In-market sales ("IMS") is defined as sales to the trade channels, which serve the end legal age nicotine users. Depending on the market and distribution model, IMS may represent an estimate. Consequently, past reported periods may be updated to ensure comparability and to incorporate the most current information.
Adjusted market share for HTUs is defined as the total in-market sales volume for PMI HTUs as a percentage of the total estimated sales volume for cigarettes and HTUs, excluding the impact of estimated distributor and wholesaler inventory movements.
38
References to total international market, defined as worldwide cigarette and heated tobacco unit volume excluding the United States, total industry (or total market) and market shares throughout this "Discussion and Analysis" are our estimates for tax-paid products based on data from a number of internal and external sources and may, in defined instances, exclude China.  Past reported periods may be updated to ensure comparability and to incorporate the most current information for industry and market share reporting.
From time to time, PMI’s shipment volumes and IMS are subject to the impact of distributor inventory movements (or wholesaler inventory movements in certain markets where PMI does not sell to distributors), and estimated total industry/market volumes are subject to the impact of inventory movements in various trade channels that include estimated trade inventory movements of PMI’s competitors arising from market-specific factors that significantly distort reported volume disclosures. Such factors may include changes to the manufacturing supply chain, shipment methods, consumer demand, timing of excise tax increases or other influences that may affect the timing of sales to customers.  In such instances, in addition to reviewing PMI shipment volumes, IMS, certain estimated total industry/market volumes and estimated market shares on a reported basis, management reviews these measures on an adjusted basis that excludes the impact of distributor and/or estimated trade inventory movements. Management also believes that disclosing PMI's shipment volumes, IMS, estimated total industry/market volumes and estimated market shares in such circumstances on a basis that excludes the impact of distributor and/or estimated trade inventory movements improves