products, technology, pharmaceutical and other sectors that enjoy greater societal acceptance. As a result, we may be unable to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent with the right degree of diversity, experience and skills to achieve our strategic goals.
Risks Related to Illicit Trade
Our revenues may be materially adversely affected as a result of counterfeiting, contraband, cross-border purchases, illicit products, non-tax-paid volume produced by local manufacturers and other non-compliant or illicit cigarettes or smoke-free products.
Large quantities of counterfeit cigarettes are sold in the international market. We believe that
Marlboro
is the most heavily counterfeited international cigarette brand, although we cannot quantify the revenues we lose as a result of this activity. Counterfeits of our smoke-free products are not subject to our scientific validation procedures, are unlikely to meet our product quality standards, and may materially adversely affect the reputation of our smoke-free products with consumers, regulators, and other stakeholders. In addition, our revenues may be materially adversely affected by counterfeiting, contraband, cross-border purchases, non-tax-paid volume produced by local manufacturers and other non-compliant or illicit cigarettes or smoke-free products.
17
Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Governance
We are significantly dependent on our and third-party information technology networks and systems, and a cybersecurity incident or attack against those networks or systems may adversely impact our business and operations.
We and our business partners heavily rely on information technology networks and systems, including those connected to the Internet, to help manage business processes and operations, including the collection, storage, interpretation, and processing of confidential, sensitive, personal and other data; internal and external communications; marketing and e-commerce activities; the manufacture, sale, and distribution of our products; management of third-party business relationships; engagement with governmental authorities; innovation through research and development; and other activities necessary for  business operations. Some of these information systems and networks are developed, supplied, or managed by third-party service providers that may make us vulnerable to “supply chain” style cyberattacks. Additionally, some information technology systems may be supported by artificial intelligence capabilities that may not function as intended, posing cybersecurity and data protection risks. The failure or disruption of our information technology networks and systems, or those managed by third-party service providers or owned by our business partners and used in furtherance of PMI’s business, due to cybersecurity attacks; unauthorized attempts to corrupt or extract data; security vulnerabilities; misconfigurations; human error; or failure or inability by us, third-parties, or our