sale of the securities listed in the table above were primarily used for general corporate purposes, including working capital requirements, repayment of commercial paper and to refinance certain of our outstanding notes. On November 21, 2024, PMI financed the prepayment of the 3-year tranche of the senior unsecured term loan facility with the proceeds of the November 2024 bond issuances and cash on hand.
The weighted-average time to maturity of our long-term debt was approximately 7 years at the end of 2024 and 2023.
Cash Requirements
– At December 31, 2024, our material short-term and long-term cash requirements for various contractual obligations and commitments primarily consisted of the following:
•
principal payments related to long-term debt and the associated interest payments.  For further details, see Item 8, Note 8.
Indebtedness
to our consolidated financial statements;
•
accounts payable and accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet (primarily short-term in nature);
•
purchase obligations for inventory and production costs to be utilized in the normal course of business such as raw materials, electronic devices, indirect materials and supplies, packaging, co-manufacturing arrangements, storage and distribution, as well as capital expenditures.  These purchase obligations are expected to be approximately $3.0 billion in 2025 and approximately $1.7 billion for years beyond; and
72
•
operating lease liabilities, on an undiscounted basis, which were included in our consolidated balance sheets. For further details, see Item 8, Note 21.
Leases
to our consolidated financial statements.
•
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have no off-balance sheet arrangements, including special purpose entities, other than guarantees, and cash requirements discussed above.
Guarantees
–
At December 31, 2024, we have guarantees of our own performance, which are primarily related to excise taxes on the shipment of our products. There is no liability in the consolidated financial statements associated with these guarantees. These guarantees have not had, and are not expected to have, a significant impact on PMI’s liquidity.
In August 2024, PMI entered into a guarantee agreement for an equity investee. For further details, see Item 8, Note 6.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other
.
Swedish Match Notes Consent Solicitation and PMI Guarantee
–
On June 15, 2023, our wholly owned subsidiary, Swedish Match AB ("Swedish Match"), initiated a public consent solicitation of eligible holders of certain outstanding series of its notes to amend certain terms and conditions of these respective notes. The eligible noteholders provided the requisite irrevocable consent instructions voting in favor of the amendments, which were subsequently passed by way of extraordinary resolution at the noteholders’ meeting held on July 28, 2023. As a result of the passage of the extraordinary resolution, Philip Morris International Inc. entered into a guarantee, which