1, 2019, the Court of Appeal issued a decision largely affirming the trial court’s findings of liability and the compensatory and punitive damages award while reducing the total amount of compensatory damages to approximately CAD
13.5
billion (approximately $
9.8
billion), including interest due to the trial court’s error in the calculation of interest. The compensatory damages award is on a joint and several basis with an allocation of
20
% to RBH (approximately CAD
2.7
billion (approximately $
2
billion), including pre-judgment interest). The Court of Appeal upheld the trial court’s findings that defendants violated the Civil Code of Quebec, the Quebec Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms, and the Quebec Consumer Protection Act by failing to warn adequately of the dangers of smoking and by conspiring to prevent consumers from learning of the dangers of smoking. The Court of Appeal further held that the plaintiffs either need not prove, or had adequately proven, that these faults were a cause of the class members’ injuries.  In accordance with the judgment, defendants were required to deposit their respective portions of the damages awarded in both the
Létourneau
case described below and the
Blais
case,
25
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
approximately CAD
1.1
billion (approximately $
797
million), into trust accounts within
60
days.  RBH’s share of the deposit was approximately CAD
257
million (approximately $
194
million).  PMI recorded a pre-tax charge of $
194
million in its consolidated results, representing $
142
million net of tax, as tobacco litigation-related expense, in the first quarter of 2019.  The charge reflects PMI’s assessment of the portion of the judgment that represents probable and estimable loss prior to the deconsolidation of RBH and corresponds to the trust account deposit required by the judgment.
In the second class action pending in Canada,
Cecilia Létourneau v. Imperial Tobacco Ltd., Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc. and JTI-Macdonald Corp., Quebec Superior Court, Canada,
filed in September 1998, RBH and other Canadian cigarette manufacturers (Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd. and JTI-Macdonald Corp.) are defendants (the "
Létourneau
Class Action").  The plaintiff, an individual smoker, sought compensatory and punitive damages for each member of the class who is deemed addicted to smoking. The class was certified in 2005. The trial court issued its judgment on May 27, 2015.  The trial court found RBH and
two
other Canadian manufacturers liable and awarded a total of CAD
131
million (approximately $
95
million) in punitive damages, allocating CAD
46
million (approximately $
33
million) to RBH. The trial court estimated the size of the addiction class at
918,000
members but declined to award compensatory damages to the addiction class because the evidence did not establish the claims with sufficient accuracy.  The trial court