in several other Canadian provinces. The legislation authorizes the government to file a direct action against cigarette manufacturers to recover the health care costs it has incurred, and will incur, as a result of a “tobacco related wrong.”
In the ninth health care cost recovery case filed in Canada,
Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Prince Edward Island v. Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc., et al., Supreme Court of Prince Edward Island (General Section), Canada
, filed September 10, 2012, we, RBH, our indemnitees (PM USA and Altria), and other members of the industry are defendants. The claim was filed by the government of the province of Prince Edward Island based on legislation enacted in the province that is similar to the laws enacted in several other Canadian provinces. The legislation authorizes the government to file a direct action against cigarette manufacturers to recover the health care costs it has incurred, and will incur, as a result of a “tobacco related wrong.”
In the tenth health care cost recovery case filed in Canada,
Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Nova Scotia v. Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc., et al., Supreme Court of Nova Scotia, Canada
, filed January 2, 2015, we, RBH, our indemnitees (PM USA and Altria), and other members of the industry are defendants. The claim was filed by the government of the province of Nova Scotia based on legislation enacted in the province that is similar to the laws enacted in several other Canadian provinces. The legislation authorizes the government to file a direct action against cigarette manufacturers to recover the health care costs it has incurred, and will incur, as a result of a “tobacco related wrong.”
Combustible tobacco products litigation
Since 1995, more than
600
combustible tobacco product-related cases, including smoking and health, label-related, health care cost recovery, and public civil actions, have been filed by governmental entities or individual plaintiffs, or on behalf of a class or purported class of individual plaintiffs against a PMI entity. All resolved cases have been terminated in our favor and only a small number of cases remain pending. The pending cases include
nine
proposed class actions,
seventeen
health care cost recovery cases,
one
public civil action, and individual cases. The amounts at issue in the pending individual cases would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements, including our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. Of the pending combustible tobacco product-related cases,
four
were initially decided in favor of plaintiffs and remain on appeal, or are subject to an appeal. These
four
cases include the
Blais
Class Action and the
Létourneau
Class Action, described above under the caption "
Smoking and Health Litigation — Canada,
" and
two
individual cases where final resolution in the amount of the verdict would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated