We believe that when better alternatives to cigarettes exist, the discussion should not be whether these alternatives should be made available to the more than one billion people who smoke cigarettes today, but how fast, and within what regulatory framework to maximize their adoption by adult smokers while minimizing unintended use. Therefore, we advocate for
63
Table of Contents
regulatory frameworks that are based on a continuum of risk where non-combustible products fall below combustible cigarettes.  And we believe that regulation and taxation should differentiate between cigarettes and products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking.
Product regulation should include measures that encourage and accelerate switching to non-combustible products, for example, by allowing adult consumers who would otherwise continue smoking cigarettes to receive truthful and non-misleading information about such alternatives to enable them to make informed decisions and by applying uniform product standards to enable manufacturers to demonstrate the reduction in HPHCs, as well as the absence of combustion.
Regulation should also include specific rules for ingredients, labeling and consumer communication, and should ensure that the public is informed about the health risks of all combustible and non-combustible tobacco and nicotine-containing products. Importantly, regulation must include measures designed to prevent initiation by youth and non-nicotine users. We support mandated accurate and factual health warnings on packaging, minimum age laws, restrictions on advertising, and smoking restrictions in public spaces. We also support regulatory measures that help reduce illicit trade. At the same time, we oppose excessive or prohibitive regulations that may prevent adult smokers, who would otherwise continue smoking, from accessing and switching to SFPs or trigger unintended consequences such as illicit trade.
Regulatory Restrictions
SFP Sales Prohibitions
: Some governments have banned, are seeking to ban, or severely restrict emerging tobacco and nicotine-containing products, such as our SFPs, and communication of truthful and non-misleading information about such products. Significant markets that have prohibited or severely restricted the sale of one or more category of SFP include Argentina, Brazil, Canada, India, Mexico, Turkey, Australia, Thailand, and Vietnam. In the U.S., some states and municipalities have introduced stringent restrictions on the sale of certain SFPs, including those authorized by the FDA.
These regulations might foreclose or unreasonably restrict adult consumer access to products that might be a better consumer choice than continuing to smoke cigarettes. We oppose blanket bans and unreasonable restrictions of products that have the potential to present less risk of harm compared to continued cigarette smoking.  By