community, and others inquire into our scientific methodologies, challenge our scientific conclusions or request further study of certain aspects of our SFPs and their health effects. We are committed to a robust and open scientific debate and believe that such debate should be based on accurate and reliable scientific information. We seek to provide accurate and reliable scientific information about our SFPs; nonetheless, we may not be able to prevent third-party dissemination of false, misleading or unsubstantiated information about these products.  The dissemination of scientifically unsubstantiated information or studies with a strong confirmation bias by third parties may cause confusion among adult smokers and affect their decision to switch from continued smoking to better alternatives, such as our SFPs.
To date, we have been largely successful in demonstrating to regulators that our heated tobacco units are not cigarettes due to the absence of combustion, and as such, they are generally taxed either as a separate category or as other tobacco products, which typically yields more favorable tax rates than cigarettes. Although we believe that this is sensible from the public health perspective, there is no guarantee regulators will continue this approach. Further, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in our efforts to replace cigarettes with SFPs or that regulation will allow us to commercialize SFPs in all markets, to communicate about our SFPs, including making scientifically substantiated risk-reduction claims, or to treat SFPs differently from cigarettes.
To date, several governmental agencies have published their scientific findings that analyze the harm-reduction potential of certain SFPs versus continuing to smoke cigarettes, including:
In December 2017, at the request of the U.K. Department of Health and Public Health England, the U.K. Committee on Toxicity published its assessment of the risk of heat-not-burn products relative to cigarette smoking.  This assessment included analysis of scientific data for two heat-not-burn products, one of which was
IQOS
.  The assessment concluded that, while still harmful to health, compared with the known risks from cigarettes, heat-not-burn products are probably less harmful. Subsequently, in February 2018, Public Health England published a report stating that the available evidence suggests that heat-not-burn products may be considerably less harmful than cigarettes but more harmful than e-cigarettes.
In May 2018, the German Federal Institute for Risk Assessment (“BfR”) published a study on
IQOS
aerosol relative to cigarette smoke using the Health Canada Intense Smoking Regimen. BfR found reductions in selected HPHCs in a range of 80-99%.  This publication indicates that significant reductions in the levels of selected toxicants are likely to reduce toxicant exposure, which BfR stated might be regarded as a discrete benefit compared to combustible cigarettes.
In May 2018, the Dutch