$
349
million was recorded in current portion of long-term debt and $
4,087
million was recorded in long-term debt in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The cumulative amount of fair value gains/(losses) included in the carrying amount of the debt hedged was $(
16
) million as of March 31, 2025.
Hedges of Net Investments in Foreign Operations
PMI designates derivative contracts and certain foreign currency denominated debt and other financial instruments as net investment hedges, primarily of its Euro net assets.  For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the amount of pre-tax gain/(loss) related to the non-derivative financial instruments, that was reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive losses within currency translation adjustments, was
nil
and $
5
million, respectively.  Settlements of the derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges are included in cash flows from investing activities on PMI’s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
Other Derivatives
PMI has entered into derivative contracts to hedge the foreign currency exchange and interest rate risks related to intercompany loans between certain subsidiaries and third-party loans. While effective as economic hedges, no hedge accounting is applied for these contracts; therefore, the gains (losses) relating to these contracts are reported in PMI’s condensed consolidated statements of earnings. Settlements of other derivative contracts are included primarily in cash flows from investing activities on PMI's condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
Qualifying Hedging Activities Reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Losses
Derivative gains or losses reported in accumulated other comprehensive losses are a result of qualifying hedging activity. Transfers of these gains or losses to earnings are offset by the corresponding gains or losses on the underlying hedged item.
Hedging activity affected accumulated other comprehensive losses, net of income taxes, as follows:
19
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
At March 31, 2025, PMI expects $
134
million of derivative gains that are included in accumulated other comprehensive losses to be reclassified to the condensed consolidated statement of earnings within the next 12 months. These gains are expected to be substantially offset by the statement of earnings impact of the respective hedged transactions.
Contingent Features
PMI’s derivative instruments do not contain contingent features.
Credit Exposure and Credit Risk
PMI is exposed to credit loss in the event of non-performance by counterparties. While PMI does not anticipate non-performance, its risk is limited to the fair value of the financial instruments less any cash collateral received or pledged. PMI actively monitors its exposure to credit risk through the use of credit approvals and credit limits and by selecting and