non-misleading information about such alternatives to enable them to make informed decisions and by applying uniform product standards to enable manufacturers to demonstrate the reduction in harmful and potentially harmful constituents, as well as the absence of combustion.
Regulation should also include specific rules for ingredients, labeling and consumer communication, and should ensure that the public is informed about the health risks of all combustible and non-combustible tobacco and nicotine-containing products. Importantly, regulation must include measures designed to prevent initiation by youth and non-smokers. We support mandated accurate and factual health warnings on packaging, minimum age laws, restrictions on advertising, and smoking restrictions in public spaces. We also support regulatory measures that help reduce illicit trade. At the same time, we oppose excessive or prohibitive regulations that may prevent adult smokers, who would otherwise continue smoking, from accessing and switching to SFPs or trigger unintended consequences such as illicit trade.
57
Regulatory Restrictions
SFP Sales Prohibitions
: Some governments have banned, are seeking to ban, or severely restrict emerging tobacco and nicotine-containing products such as our SFPs, and communication of truthful and non-misleading information about such products. Significant markets that have prohibited or severely restricted the sale of one or more category of SFP include Argentina, Brazil, Canada, India, Mexico, Turkey, Australia, Thailand, and Vietnam. In the U.S., some states and municipalities have introduced stringent restrictions on the sale of certain SFPs, including those authorized by the FDA.
These regulations might foreclose or unreasonably restrict adult consumer access to products that might be a better consumer choice than continuing to smoke cigarettes. We oppose blanket bans and unreasonable restrictions of products that have the potential to present less risk of harm compared to continued cigarette smoking.  By contrast, we support regulation that sets clear standards for all SFP categories and propels innovation to benefit adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes.
EU Tobacco Products Directive ("TPD")
: In April 2014, the EU adopted a significantly revised TPD, which came into force in May 2016. All EU Member States have adopted laws transposing the TPD.  The TPD sets forth a comprehensive set of regulatory requirements for tobacco products, including:
•
health warnings covering 65% of the front and back panels of cigarette packs, with an option for Member States to further standardize tobacco packaging, including the introduction of plain packaging;
•
a ban on characterizing flavors in some tobacco products;
•
security features and tracking and tracing measures; and
•
a framework for the regulation of novel tobacco products and e-cigarettes, including requirements for health warnings and information leaflets, a prohibition on