Amortization expense on a pre-tax basis for each of the next five years is estimated to be approximately $
991
million or less, assuming no additional transactions occur that require the amortization of intangible assets. This amount includes amortization of
IQOS
commercialization rights in the U.S. (see Note 3,
Acquisitions and Divestitures
).
94
2024 Annual impairment review of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets
During the second quarter of 2024, PMI completed its annual review of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment using a quantitative assessment for all of its reporting units and non-amortizable intangible assets. As a result of this review,
no
impairment charges were required.  Each of PMI's reporting units had fair values substantially in excess of their carrying values with the exception of the Wellness & Healthcare reporting unit, which had less than
20
% excess of fair value over its carrying value. PMI will continue to monitor this reporting unit as any changes in assumptions and estimates, unfavorable clinical trial results, failure to obtain regulatory approvals or other market factors could result in additional future goodwill and other intangible asset impairments. In addition, there are still risks related to PMI’s Russian reporting unit’s assets as the fair value of these assets is difficult to predict due to the current economic, political, regulatory and social conditions as well as the foreign currency volatility.  As of December 31, 2024, our Russian operations had approximately $
2.7
billion in total assets, excluding intercompany balances, of which approximately $
1.0
billion consisted of cash and cash equivalents held mostly in local currency (Russian rubles). Additionally, we hold a
23
% equity interest in JSC TK Megapolis, PMI's distributor in Russia. For further details, see Note 4.
War in Ukraine
, Note 6.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other
, and Note 18.
Contingencies
.
2023 Annual impairment review of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets
During the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the completion of PMI's annual review of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment, it was determined that the estimated fair value of the Wellness and Healthcare reporting unit was lower than its carrying value. Consequently, PMI recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $
665
million in the consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2023, reflecting the impact of reduced estimated future cash flows, which were primarily attributable to unfavorable clinical trial results that became available in June 2023 for an inhalable aspirin product being developed by the Wellness and Healthcare business. Additionally, as a result of the impairment test of non-amortizable intangible assets, PMI recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $
15
million for an in-process research and development project related to one of PMI's 2021