for the year ended December 31, 2024.
PMI disaggregates its net revenues from contracts with customers by product category for each of PMI's geographical segments. PMI believes this best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of its revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors.
Net revenues, significant expenses, and operating income by segment were as follows:
21
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
PMI's net revenues by product category were as follows:
Note: Sum of product categories or Regions might not foot to total PMI due to rounding.
Items affecting the comparability of results from operations were as follows:
•
Restructuring charges
- See Note 16.
Restructuring Activities
for a breakdown of these costs by segment for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Net revenues related to combustible tobacco refer to the operating revenues generated from the sale of these products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes.  These net revenue amounts consist of the sale of PMI's cigarettes and other tobacco products that are combusted. Other tobacco products primarily include roll-your-own and make-your-own cigarettes, pipe tobacco, cigars and cigarillos, and do not include smoke-free products.
Net revenues related to smoke-free, excluding wellness and healthcare, refer to the operating revenues generated from the sale of these products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes, if applicable. These net revenue amounts consist of the sale of PMI's products that are not combustible tobacco products, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral products, as well as consumer accessories. Net revenues related to wellness and healthcare refer to the operating revenues generated from the sale of product, primarily associated with inhaled therapeutics, and oral and intra-oral delivery systems.
22
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Other segment data were as follows:
Note 9.
Contingencies:
Tobacco and/or Nicotine-Related Litigation
Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened against us, and/or our subsidiaries, and/or our indemnitees in various jurisdictions. Our indemnitees include distributors, licensees, and others that have been named as parties in certain cases and that we have agreed to defend, as well as to pay costs and some or all of judgments, if any, that may be entered against them. Pursuant to the terms of the Distribution Agreement between Altria Group, Inc. (“Altria”) and PMI, PMI will indemnify Altria and Philip Morris USA Inc. (“PM USA”), a U.S. tobacco subsidiary of Altria, for tobacco product claims based in substantial part on products