and Liquidity
We define cash and cash equivalents as short-term, highly liquid investments, readily convertible to known amounts of cash that mature within a maximum of three months and have an insignificant risk of change in value due to interest rate or credit risk changes. As a policy, we do not hold any investments in structured or equity-linked products. Our cash and cash equivalents are mostly held with institutions that have investment-grade long-term credit rating.
In a number of jurisdictions, including Argentina and Russia, we are impacted by various capital controls and/or foreign currency exchange constraints that affect the ability of our subsidiaries in these jurisdictions to settle foreign currency denominated imports of goods and services and/or to pay dividends. These factors increase foreign currency devaluation risks, which may have a negative impact on our financial condition, net assets and results of operations in these jurisdictions.
We utilize long-term and short-term debt financing, including a commercial paper program that is regularly used to finance ongoing liquidity requirements, as part of our overall cash management strategy.  Our ability to access the capital and credit markets as well as overall dynamics of these markets may impact borrowing costs.  We expect that the combination of our long-term and short-term debt financing, the commercial paper program and the committed credit facilities, coupled with our operating cash flows, will enable us to meet our liquidity requirements.
Credit Ratings
– The cost and terms of our financing arrangements as well as our access to commercial paper markets may be affected by applicable credit ratings. On March 12, 2025, Fitch revised our outlook from “Negative” to “Stable”, while affirming the long-term rating at “A” and the short-term rating at “F1”.
At March 31, 2025, our credit ratings and outlook by major credit rating agencies were as follows:
* On April 3, 2025, Standard & Poor’s revised our outlook from “Stable” to “Positive”, while affirming the long-term rating at “A-“ and the short-term rating at “A-2”.
76
Table of Contents
Revolving Credit Facilities
At March 31, 2025, our committed revolving credit facilities were as follows:
(1)
On January 28, 2022, we entered into an agreement, effective February 10, 2022, to amend and extend the term of our $2.0 billion multi-year revolving credit facility, for an additional year covering the period February 11, 2026 to February 10, 2027, in the amount of $1.9 billion.
(2)
Includes business transformation-linked pricing adjustments that may result in the reduction or increase in both the interest rate and commitment fee under the credit agreement if PMI achieves, or fails to achieve, certain specified targets based on its business transformation goals.
(3)
On September 20, 2022, we entered into an agreement, effective September 29, 2022, to amend and extend the term of our $2.5 billion multi-year revolving credit facility, for