on December 31, 2024, we updated our segment reporting in January 2025 by including the ongoing Wellness & Healthcare results in the Europe segment. In addition, we renamed our “PMI Duty Free” business to “PMI Global Travel Retail” effective in the first quarter of 2025.  As a result of this change, our segment that includes our duty free business was renamed East Asia, Australia & PMI Global Travel Retail (“EA, AU & PMI GTR”).
Our four geographical segments are as follows:
•
Europe Region;
•
South and Southeast Asia, Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East and Africa Region ("SSEA, CIS & MEA");
•
East Asia, Australia, and PMI Global Travel Retail (“EA, AU & PMI GTR”); and
•
Americas Region.
Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 170 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands.
Smoke-Free Business ("SFB”) is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its smoke-free products. SFB also includes wellness and healthcare products, as well as consumer accessories, such as lighters and matches.
Smoke-free products (also referred to herein as "SFPs") is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its products that provide nicotine without combusting tobacco, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral smokeless, and that therefore generate far lower levels of harmful chemicals. As such, these products have the potential to present less risk of harm versus continued smoking.
IQOS
,
ZYN
and
VEEV
are the leading brands in our SFPs portfolio. As of December 31, 2024, our smoke-free products were available for sale in 95 markets.
Our Wellness and Healthcare business strategy focuses on developing and commercializing oral and inhaled consumer health and wellness offerings and inhaled prescription products for therapy areas that include pain management and cardiovascular emergencies.  This includes medical and pharmaceutical cannabinoids, and non-recreational cannabinoid products (including CBD), in line with applicable regulatory requirements, though any revenue related to cannabinoids is expected to be negligible in the near to medium term.
In 2022, we acquired Swedish Match AB, a market leader in oral nicotine delivery with a significant presence in the United States market.  The Swedish Match acquisition was a key milestone in PMI’s transformation to becoming a smoke-free company. The Swedish Match product portfolio is complementary to our portfolio, permitting us to bring together a leading oral nicotine product with the leading heat-not-burn product.
45
Table of Contents
In 2022, we reached an agreement with Altria Group, Inc. to end our commercial relationship in the U.S. covering
IQOS
as of April 30, 2024. PMI now holds the full rights to commercialize
IQOS
in the U.S.
We use the term net revenues to refer to our operating revenues from the sale of our products, including shipping