comply with applicable laws could result in criminal, civil, or tax liability.
Risks Related to our Competitive Environment
We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations.
We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our business.  We compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, taste, R&D, innovation, packaging, customer service, marketing, advertising and retail price. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions; erosion of consumer confidence; competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products; adult smoker willingness to convert to our SFPs; higher product taxes; higher absolute prices and larger gaps between retail price categories; unfair competition; and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products, restricts adult consumer access to truthful and non-misleading information about our SFPs, or disproportionately impacts the commercialization of our products in relation to our competitors.
Competitors in our industry include Altria Group, Inc., British American Tobacco plc, Japan Tobacco Inc., Imperial Brands plc, new market entrants, particularly with respect to innovative products, several regional and local tobacco companies and, in some instances, state-owned tobacco enterprises, principally in Algeria, Egypt, China, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. Some competitors have different profit, volume and regulatory objectives, some international competitors may be less susceptible than PMI to changes in currency exchange rates, and some competitors may sell products in circumvention of applicable regulations that compete directly with our products.  Certain new market entrants in the non-combustible product category may alienate consumers from innovative products through inappropriate marketing campaigns, messaging and inferior product satisfaction, and without scientific substantiation based on appropriate R&D protocols and standards.  The growing use of digital media could increase the speed and extent of the dissemination of inaccurate and misleading information about our SFPs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. See Item 1.
Business—Competition
of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 for a description of the competitive environment in which we operate.
88
Table of Contents
We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences.
Our business is subject to changes in adult consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions, accessibility to our products and availability of accurate information related to our products.
To be successful, we must:
In periods of economic uncertainty, adult consumers may tend to purchase