substantially limits the amount of fines that Thailand could seek in these proceedings.  PM Thailand believes that its declared import prices are in compliance with the Customs Valuation Agreement of the World Trade Organization and Thai law, and that the allegations of the Public Prosecutor are inconsistent with several decisions already taken by Thai Customs and a Thai court. Trial in the case began in November 2018 and concluded in December 2019.  In March 2020, the trial court found our subsidiary guilty of under-declaration of the prices and imposed a fine of approximately THB
130
million (approximately $
3.9
million).  The trial court dismissed all charges against the individual defendant. In April 2020, as required by Thai law, our subsidiary paid the fine. This payment is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and negatively impacted net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the period of payment. Our subsidiary filed an appeal of the trial court's decision.  In addition, the Public Prosecutor filed an appeal of the trial court's decision challenging the dismissal of charges against the individual defendant and the amount of the fine imposed. The appellate court issued its decision on the appeals on January 31, 2023.  The appellate court affirmed the findings of under-declaration of import prices of cigarettes but reduced the fine imposed by the trial court. The appellate court directed the Public Prosecutor to coordinate with customs officials to calculate such reduced fine in accordance with the appellate court’s decision.  The appellate court affirmed the acquittal of the individual defendant. Our subsidiary has appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Thailand. The Public Prosecutor has filed an appeal to the Supreme Court of Thailand challenging the dismissal of charges against the individual defendant and the amount of the fine. Thailand is required to refund any payment made by our subsidiary in excess of any fine assessed by the courts.
In July 2020, the Public Prosecutor’s office of Rome, Italy, notified our Italian subsidiary, Philip Morris Italia S.r.l. (“PM Italia”), as well as
three
former or current employees and a former external consultant of PM Italia in July and March 2020, respectively, that it concluded a preliminary investigation against them for alleged contravention of anti-corruption laws and related disruption of trade freedom. The Public Prosecutor alleges that the individuals involved promised certain personal favors to government officials from January to July of 2018 in exchange for favorable treatment for PM Italia, and that PM Italia lacked appropriate organizational controls to prevent the alleged actions by the individuals. On September 21, 2020, the Public Prosecutor issued his indictment and referred the matter to the court. At the preliminary hearing held on May 11, 2021, the judge decided to refer all charges/defendants