with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco or nicotine-containing products.
Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volumes for our products in many of our markets, and we expect that such factors will continue to reduce consumption levels and will increase down-trading and the risk of counterfeiting, contraband, illicit trade and cross-border purchases. Significant regulatory developments will continue to take place over the next few years in most of our markets, driven principally by the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (the "FCTC"). Since it came into force in 2005, the FCTC has led to increased efforts by tobacco control advocates and public health organizations to promote increasingly restrictive regulatory measures on the marketing and sale of tobacco and nicotine-containing products to adult nicotine users. Regulatory initiatives that have been contemplated, proposed, introduced or enacted by governmental authorities in various jurisdictions include:
81
Table of Contents
Our financial results could be materially affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands.  More specifically, requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to convert to our SFPs, as well as any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
Changes in the earnings mix and changes in tax laws may result in significant variability in our effective tax rates. Our ability to receive payments from foreign subsidiaries or to repatriate royalties and dividends could be restricted by local country currency exchange controls and other regulations.
We are subject to income tax laws in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD"), which recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, and could have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate thereby reducing our net earnings. Such changes, as well as changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, or positions, could also have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate thereby reducing our net earnings. Currently, many countries have enacted or taken actions to align with the OECD’s framework on a global minimum tax (referred to as “Pillar Two”), effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023. We will continue to evaluate and monitor as additional guidance and clarification becomes available. In future periods, our ability to recover deferred tax assets could be subject to additional uncertainty as a result