cash used was primarily due to lower net borrowings in 2024, reflecting higher repayments on long-term debt, lower long-term debt proceeds and higher repayments on short-term borrowings (primarily commercial paper). The increase was partly offset by favorable comparisons to 2023 mainly reflecting repayment on a credit facility in 2023 related to the Swedish Match acquisition, and payments in 2023 to acquire the remaining issued and outstanding shares in Swedish Match, as well as higher cash collateral received for derivative instruments.
Dividends paid in 2024 and 2023 were $8.2 billion and $8.0 billion, respectively.
2023 compared with 2022
For a discussion comparing our net cash activities (operating, investing and financing) for the year ended December 31, 2023, with the year ended December 31, 2022, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation - Financial Review in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2024.  This section is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
•
Debt and Liquidity
We define cash and cash equivalents as short-term, highly liquid investments, readily convertible to known amounts of cash that mature within a maximum of three months and have an insignificant risk of change in value due to interest rate or credit risk changes. As a policy, we do not hold any investments in structured or equity-linked products. Our cash and cash equivalents are mostly held with institutions that have investment-grade long-term credit rating.
In a number of jurisdictions, including Argentina and Russia, we are impacted by various capital controls and/or foreign currency exchange constraints that affect the ability of our subsidiaries in these jurisdictions to settle foreign currency denominated imports of goods and services and/or to pay dividends. These factors increase foreign currency devaluation risks, which may have a negative impact on our financial condition, net assets and results of operations in these jurisdictions.
We utilize long-term and short-term debt financing, including a commercial paper program that is regularly used to finance ongoing liquidity requirements, as part of our overall cash management strategy. Our ability to access the capital and credit markets as well as overall dynamics of these markets may impact borrowing costs. We expect that the combination of our long-term and short-term debt financing, the commercial paper program and the committed credit facilities, coupled with our operating cash flows, will enable us to meet our liquidity requirements.
Credit Ratings
–
The cost and terms of our financing arrangements as well as our access to commercial paper markets may be affected by applicable credit ratings. At February 6, 2025, our credit ratings and outlook by major credit rating