much as 15% of global cigarette consumption; this includes counterfeit, contraband and the persistent problem of “illicit whites,” which are cigarettes legally purchased in one jurisdiction for the sole purpose of being exported and illegally sold in another jurisdiction where they have no legitimate market. Currently, we estimate that illicit trade in the EU accounted for approximately 8% of total cigarette consumption in 2023. Illicit trade also increasingly targets SFPs.
70
Table of Contents
We devote substantial resources to help prevent illicit trade in combustible tobacco products and SFPs. We engage with governments, our business partners and other stakeholders to implement effective measures to combat illicit trade. Where effective and appropriate, we pursue legal remedies to protect our intellectual property rights from counterfeiting or to counter the illicit diversion of our products. We also cooperate with governmental authorities to combat fraudulent imports of non-compliant or unauthorized tobacco and nicotine-containing products.
As an example, the recent commercial success of the nicotine pouch category makes it more prone to be affected by illicit trade. Our ongoing anti-illicit initiatives for nicotine pouches include PMI’s ‘know-your-customer’ and ‘anti-diversion’ governance and other measures, such as volume monitoring, tracking and tracing, product security, as well as internal and external awareness training and communications. We are also expanding our market monitoring -both online and offline- and illicit trade research program to nicotine pouches. PMI affiliates and Swedish Match affiliates are taking appropriate actions to address the illicit resale of certain of our oral products including nicotine pouches outside their initial intended market of retail, such as Scandinavia, the U.S. and other markets. Such actions include awareness communications to trade partners, cease-and-desist letters to those involved in illicit trade of products bearing our brands and limiting and/or terminating sales to certain customers in both the online and traditional trade.
A number of jurisdictions are considering actions to prevent illicit trade. In November 2012, the FCTC adopted the Protocol to Eliminate Illicit Trade in Tobacco Products (the “Protocol”), which includes supply chain control measures, such as licensing of manufacturers and distributors, enforcement of these control measures in free trade zones, controls on duty free and Internet channels and the implementation of tracking and tracing technologies. To date, 70 Parties, including the EU, have ratified it.  The Protocol came into force in September 2018. Since then, implementation in national legislations has been ongoing. In February 2024, the third Meeting of the Parties to the Protocol took place. No additional restrictive measures were adopted, and a mandate to conduct further work will be considered at the next session, currently scheduled to take place in November