assets were accounted for as assets held for sale and included within other current assets and other accrued liabilities in PMI’s consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.  PMI subsequently sold SMDL on June 30, 2023 and the transaction did not have a material impact on the consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2023.
The unaudited pro forma combined financial information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting and was based on the historical financial information of PMI and Swedish Match. In order to reflect the occurrence of the acquisition on January 1, 2021, as required, the unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to reflect the following:
•
incremental amortization expense to be incurred based on the current fair values of the identifiable intangible assets acquired;
•
incremental cost of products sold related to the fair value adjustments associated with acquisition date inventory;
•
additional interest expense associated with the issuance of debt to finance the acquisition, including the effects of the related derivative financial instruments designated to hedge interest rate risks as well as economic hedges;
•
reclassification of non-recurring acquisition-related costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, to the year ended December 31, 2021;
•
impact of a deferred tax cost of $
430
million in 2022 and $
321
million in 2021 related to the theoretical unrealized foreign currency gains on intercompany loans related to the acquisition financing. These theoretical unrealized pre-tax foreign currency movements were fully offset in the consolidated statements of earnings and were reflected as currency translation adjustments in
90
PMI's consolidated statements of stockholders' (deficit) equity, while the corresponding deferred tax impacts were reflected in PMI's consolidated statements of earnings; and
•
other immaterial items (i.e., the alignment of accounting policies from IFRS to US GAAP.)
The unaudited pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of what the consolidated results of operations would have been had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021. In addition, the unaudited pro forma financial information is not a projection of future results of operations of the combined company, nor does it reflect the expected realization of any synergies or cost savings associated with the acquisition.
The unaudited pro forma financial information for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows:
Transactions With Noncontrolling Interests
Turkey
– In the first quarter of 2022, PMI acquired the remaining
25
% stake of its holding in Philip Morris Tütün Mamulleri Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. ("PMTM") (formerly Philsa Philip Morris Sabanci Sigara ve Tütüncülük Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş.) and
24.75
% stake in Philip Morris Pazarlama ve Satiş A.Ş. ("PMPS") (formerly Philip Morris SA, Philip Morris Sabanci Pazarlama ve Satiş A.Ş.)