respective maturity dates of the instruments.  The fair value of PMI’s currency options is determined by using a Black-Scholes methodology based on foreign exchange spot rates and interest rate differentials, currency volatilities and maturity dates.
The fair value of PMI’s commodity contracts is determined by using the prevailing market spot and futures prices and the respective maturity dates of the instruments.  PMI’s derivative contracts have been classified within Level 2 at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
17
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, PMI's derivative contracts impacted the condensed consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive earnings as follows:
(a)
The gains (losses) from these contracts are offset by the changes in the fair value of the hedged item
(b)
Amount of gains (losses) on hedges of net investments principally related to changes in foreign currency exchange and interest rates between the Euro and U.S. dollar
(c)
Represent the gains for amounts excluded from the effectiveness testing
(d)
The gains (losses) from these contracts attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates are partially offset by the (losses) and gains generated by the underlying intercompany and third-party loans being hedged
18
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Cash Flow Hedges
PMI has entered into derivative contracts to hedge the foreign currency exchange, interest rate and commodity price risks related to certain forecasted transactions. Gains and losses associated with qualifying cash flow hedge contracts are deferred as components of accumulated other comprehensive losses until the underlying hedged transactions are reported in PMI’s condensed consolidated statements of earnings. As of March 31, 2025, PMI has hedged forecasted transactions with derivative contracts expiring at various dates through May 2028. Premiums paid for, and settlements of, the derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges are included primarily in cash flows from operating activities on PMI’s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
Fair Value Hedges
PMI has entered into fixed-to-floating interest rate contracts, designated as fair value hedges to minimize exposure to changes in the fair value of fixed rate U.S. dollar-denominated debt that results from fluctuations in benchmark interest rates. For derivative contracts that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk, is recognized in current earnings. The carrying amount of the debt hedged, which includes the cumulative adjustment for fair value gains/losses, as of March 31, 2025 was $
4,436
million, of which