relations with our employees and their representative organizations.
Our Internal Transformation
. To be successful in our transformation to a smoke-free future, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent with our business needs, successfully integrate acquired businesses and innovate to become a truly consumer-centric business.  To achieve our strategic goals, we need to attract, retain, develop and motivate the best global talent, talent that is diverse and has  the right degree of experience, competencies and skills. Our compensation and benefit programs are set at the levels that we believe are necessary to attract the best talent and remain competitive with other consumer product companies.
Oversight and Management
. Our Board of Directors (the "Board") provides oversight of various matters pertaining to our workforce. The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board is responsible for executive compensation matters and oversight of the risks and programs related to human capital management. Our Code of Conduct and Corporate Governance Guidelines highlight our commitment to ethical business conduct and honesty, respect, and fairness.
Collaborative Culture
. We are proud of the global reach of our company, which operates in approximately 170 markets with employees representing more than 130 nationalities. We reflect the demographics of the countries, communities, and consumers we serve, which is key to the variety of thought, innovation, and consumer-centric approach that enables us to deliver a smoke-free future.
Our focus is on fostering a performance-driven and collaborative culture, recognizing the value of our global workforce and their contributions. We remain committed to the impact, growth, and well-being of our employees, providing them with the right environment, support, and resources for their careers and professional development.
These principles are codified in our cultural values, which we call the PMI DNA, and we embed these principles throughout our people and business guidelines, practices, and systems.
As the first multinational company to receive a global EQUAL-SALARY certification from the EQUAL-SALARY Foundation in 2019, we completed another year of market level reviews with success and maintained our global certification. We believe this certification is a valuable component in our reputation as an employer.
Government Regulation
As a company with global operations in a heavily regulated industry, we are subject to multiple laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate.  We discuss our regulatory environment in Item 7,
Business Environment
.
The regulatory landscape related to sustainability matters is rapidly evolving. We closely monitor these developments and implement initiatives addressing PMI’s priorities in line with our sustainability strategy. In particular, we are subject to international, national and local environmental laws and