2020, we announced an agreement with KT&G, a leading tobacco and nicotine company in South Korea, for the commercialization of KT&G’s smoke-free products outside of South Korea on an exclusive basis. On January 30, 2023, we announced a renewal and extension of this arrangement. For more information, see
Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Business Arrangements
below.
Our commercialization efforts for the other PMI-developed SFPs are as follows:
•
In late 2022, we began commercializing our
BONDS
product in the Philippines and Colombia.
•
Since August 2020, we have launched and expanded our portfolio of vaping products (branded
VEEV
) in 40 markets.
•
Following our acquisition of Swedish Match, we have access to a strong portfolio of Swedish Match brands in both the snus and nicotine pouch categories. Nicotine pouches are currently available in 38 markets.
Legislation, Regulation, Taxation and Other Matters Regarding the Manufacture, Marketing, Sale and Use of Tobacco and Other Nicotine-Containing Products
Fiscal Challenges
Excessive and disruptive excise, sales and other tax increases and discriminatory tax structures are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on our profitability, due to lower consumption and consumer down-trading to non-premium, discount, other low-price or low-taxed products such as fine cut tobacco, illicit cigarettes or illicit SFPs. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, some of our products are subject to tax structures that discriminate against premium-price products and manufactured cigarettes. We believe that such tax policies undermine public health by encouraging consumers to turn to illicit trade, and ultimately undercut government revenue objectives, disrupt the competitive environment, and encourage criminal activity. Other jurisdictions have imposed, or are seeking to impose, levies or other taxes specifically on tobacco companies, such as taxes on revenues and/or profits.
56
On March 14, 2024, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the "CJEU") ruled that the German fiscal regulation imposing an additional excise tax on HTPs does not contravene EU law. Fiscal Court in Dusseldorf (the "FCD") had previously referred that question to the CJEU. On May 21, 2024, the FCD delivered its judgement and dismissed our local affiliate's, f6 Cigarettenfabrik GmbH & Co.KG, ("PM Germany") claim. PM Germany filed a notice of appeal to the Federal Fiscal Court on June 19, 2024.
Legislative and Regulatory Environment
The tobacco industry operates in a highly regulated environment.  The well-known risks of smoking have led regulators to impose significant restrictions and high excise taxes on cigarettes. The regulatory landscape for novel nicotine-containing products is inconsistent and evolving but is, in some instances, even more restrictive.
Much of the regulation that shapes the business environment in which we operate is driven by the World Health Organization's (the "WHO") Framework Convention on Tobacco Control