Russia amid ongoing supply chain disruptions and the evolving regulatory environment. PMI is continuously assessing the evolving situation in Russia. This includes regulatory constraints in the market entailing very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities, and restrictions resulting from international regulations. In the event of a divestment, PMI's ability to fully realize the value of the business would likely be subject to material impairment. As a result of PMI continuing operations within Russia in 2023 and 2024, it has not recorded an impairment of long-lived and other assets.  However, PMI recorded specific asset write downs in 2022 as referred to in the table below. PMI’s Russian operations as of December 31, 2024 had approximately $
2.7
billion in total assets, excluding intercompany balances. These total assets included $
1,038
million, $
426
million, $
789
million, $
219
million and $
154
million in cash (primarily held in local currency), receivables, inventories, property, plant and equipment and goodwill, respectively.  In addition, there was approximately $
1,585
million of cumulative foreign currency translation losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive losses in the consolidated statement of stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2024. Additionally, we hold a
23
% equity interest in JSC TK Megapolis, PMI's distributor in Russia. For further details, see Note 6.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other
.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, PMI did not incur charges related to circumstances driven by the war.
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, PMI recorded in its consolidated statements of earnings pre-tax charges related to circumstances driven by the war as follows:
1
The 2023 pre-tax charges were primarily due to the cost of PMI’s humanitarian efforts, which includes salary continuation for its employees, severance payments, as well as an impairment of certain long-lived assets in the fourth quarter of 2023. The 2022 pre-tax charges were primarily due to an inventory write-down, additional allowance for receivables and the cost of PMI’s humanitarian efforts, which includes salary continuation for its employees.
2
The 2022 pre-tax charges were primarily due to machinery and inventory write downs related to the commercial decisions noted above.
PMI will continue to monitor the situation as it evolves and will determine if further charges are needed.
92
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net:
Goodwill
The movements in goodwill were as follows:
As discussed in Note 1.
Background and Basis of Presentation
, PMI updated in January 2024 its segment reporting by including the former Swedish Match segment results into its existing geographical segments. As a result, the January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023 goodwill balances in the table above included the reclassifications of the former Swedish Match segment to the Europe