business partners to adhere to cybersecurity industry best practices, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, cause reputational damage, impact our operations, result in data breaches, significant business disruption, litigation, regulatory action including significant fines or penalties, financial impact, loss of revenue or assets including our intellectual property, personal, confidential, or sensitive data.
Cyberattacks, security incidents and vulnerabilities impacting PMI, newly acquired companies, our business partners, or our third-party providers, continue to dynamically evolve in sophistication and volume, making it difficult for us to predict probability, frequency, and impact severity of security incidents.  Further, it may be inherently difficult to detect vulnerabilities during due diligence, for long periods of time, or soon enough to mitigate exploitation. There can be no assurance that such security incidents or vulnerabilities will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. While PMI works to mitigate these risks by implementing a cybersecurity risk program and a third-party cybersecurity risk management program, there can be no assurance that these programs are comprehensive or accurately identify and sufficiently mitigate all cybersecurity risks.
We continue to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to maintain information security protections in line with industry standards and best practices. We evaluate the adequacy of preventative actions to reduce security incidents on an ongoing basis.
Cyberattacks, security incidents and vulnerabilities have impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, PMI, our business partners, and our third-party providers. Cyberattacks continue to dynamically evolve in sophistication and volume, making it difficult for us to predict probability, frequency, and impact severity of security incidents on the Company. We also have, and continue to face, immaterial third-party information security breaches. While these types of incidents have occurred frequently within the last three years, none have been material to our business, financial condition, or results.
Our safeguards may not, however, be effective in mitigating the impact of service disruptions or other failures of these information technology networks and systems. Failure to timely respond and mitigate security incidents, could result in wide-ranging business interruptions. Such security incidents could place us at a competitive disadvantage; result in financial impacts, a loss of revenue, assets, including our intellectual property, personal or other sensitive data; result in litigation and regulatory action including significant fines or penalties; impact our operations; cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands; and result in significant remediation and other costs. See Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
for a description of our cybersecurity risk management and strategy and governance.