exceed
120
days. All outstanding payable amounts related to suppliers that are participating in the SCF program are recorded in accounts payable in PMI's condensed consolidated balance sheets. The associated payments are included in cash flows from operating activities within PMI's condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the total amount due to suppliers participating in the SCF program was $
0.9
billion and $
1.0
billion, respectively.
Note 19.
New Accounting Standards:
On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2023-09, “Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures” (“ASU 2023-09”).  ASU 2023-09 enhances the transparency of income tax disclosures, primarily by requiring public business entities to disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation tabular presentation, as well as by providing additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 also requires disaggregated disclosures of federal, state and foreign income tax taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, and early adoption is permitted. The amendments are applicable on a prospective basis, although retrospective basis is also permitted. PMI is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2023-09 on its disclosures.
44
Table of Contents
Item 2.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Description of Our Company
We are a leading international consumer goods company, actively delivering a smoke-free future.  We are evolving our portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. Our current product portfolio primarily consists of cigarettes and smoke-free products, including heat-not-burn, nicotine pouch and e-vapor products. Since 2008, we have invested over $14 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. This investment includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. Following a robust science-based review, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") has authorized the marketing of Swedish Match’s
General
snus and
ZYN
nicotine pouches and versions of PMI’s
IQOS
devices and consumables - the first-ever such authorizations in their respective categories. Versions of
IQOS
devices and consumables
and
General
snus also obtained the first-ever Modified Risk Tobacco Product ("MRTP") authorizations from the FDA. We describe the MRTP orders in more detail in the "Business Environment" section of this Item 2.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
("MD&A").
Following the sale of Vectura Group Ltd.