figures and military personnel, certain oligarchs and journalists, and companies operating in the above-mentioned sectors. Export to Russia of certain luxury goods and goods and technology which might contribute to Russia’s technological enhancement was banned. Seven non-EU countries (Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein, North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, and Albania) announced that they “aligned themselves” with the majority of the EU sanctions. The U.S., the EU, Switzerland and Japan introduced additional trade restrictions banning, among many other goods, the export of certain non-tobacco materials used to produce cigarettes and heated tobacco consumables in Russia. The EU, Switzerland and the U.K. also prohibited technical assistance and other services related to restricted goods. The EU, Switzerland and the U.K. prohibited import into their territories of certain goods, including cigarettes, among others, which might generate significant revenues for Russia if they originate in Russia or are exported from Russia. The EU and Switzerland prohibited transfer and licensing of intellectual property rights in relation to restricted goods. Additionally, the EU, the U.S., the U.K., Switzerland, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Ukraine imposed sanctions on Mr. Igor Kesaev, a non-majority shareholder of Megapolis Distribution B.V.
The U.S., the U.K., Switzerland and the EU banned the export of electric accumulators, static converters and electronic cigarettes and similar personal electric vaporizing devices, including
IQOS
devices, to Russia. Certain countries have also banned the delivery of services to Russia, such as information technology consultancy services, accounting and business and management consulting services, or require licenses to continue delivering these services to Russian persons or entities. We are working to mitigate any potential impacts from these restrictions.
Russia introduced certain countermeasures aimed at reducing the effect of Western sanctions. Countermeasures include restrictions on export of certain goods from Russia, including tobacco-related production equipment, restrictions on lending to foreign borrowers, repatriation of dividends and transactions with securities and real estate involving companies from “hostile” countries (i.e., those which introduced sanctions in relation to Russia).
The U.S. has adopted new and increased tariffs on countries and specific goods, subject to evolving exemptions, with additional tariff increases proposed but currently on pause. Those changes, along with retaliatory actions by some trading partners, non-tariff restrictions or requirements being considered in connection with trade dispute negotiations, and the likelihood of additional developments, have created a volatile environment for global trade. We expect the global tariff environment to remain volatile throughout 2025. PMI is actively monitoring developments, evaluating all changes and adapting operations and