in which we compete, adult nicotine consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in that product category. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
We may be required to write down assets due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
We continuously monitor the values of our long-lived assets, reporting units, intangible assets, as well as investments in equity securities, to determine whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment exists. Additionally, we test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment annually. The values of these assets may be affected by several factors, including general macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions; regulatory and legal developments; changes in product volume growth rates; changes in pricing strategies and costs bases; discount rates; success of planned new product expansions; competitive activity; and income and excise taxes. If an impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. See Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates
of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information concerning impairment determination and calculation.
Our management uses certain key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions and such metrics may not accurately reflect all of the aspects of our business needed to make such evaluations and decisions, in particular as our business continues to evolve.
In addition to our consolidated financial results, our management regularly reviews a number of operating and financial metrics, including various revenue, user and sales metrics (such as market shares, in-market sales, adjusted in-market sales, and SFP users) to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe that these metrics are representative of our current business; however, these metrics may not accurately reflect all aspects of our business and we anticipate that these metrics may change or may be substituted for additional or different metrics as our business evolves. Furthermore, in some instances the metrics are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies. If our management fails to account for other relevant information or to substitute the key business metrics they review as our business changes or if