oral SFP shipments increased by 42.0% to 237 million cans, predominantly driven by
ZYN
nicotine pouches in the U.S.
59
Table of Contents
Business Environment
The tobacco industry and our company face a number of challenges that may adversely affect our business, product sales volume, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. These challenges, which are discussed below and "
Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results
"
include:
•
regulatory restrictions on our products, including restrictions on the packaging, marketing, registration and sale of tobacco or other nicotine-containing products or related devices that could reduce our competitiveness, eliminate our ability to communicate with adult consumers, or ban certain of our products;
•
fiscal challenges, such as excessive excise tax increases and discriminatory tax structures;
•
illicit trade in cigarettes and other tobacco and nicotine-containing products, including counterfeit, contraband and other non-compliant or otherwise illicit products;
•
intense competition, including unfair competition from non-tax paid volume by certain manufacturers; and
•
legal challenges, including the pending and threatened litigation discussed in Part I, Item 1.
Financial Statements
—  Note 9.
Contingencies
in this report.
Smoke-Free Products (SFPs)
Our Approach to SFPs
We recognize that smoking cigarettes causes serious diseases and that the best way to avoid the harm of smoking is to never start or to quit.  Nevertheless, according to WHO estimates, there are approximately 1 billion smokers globally. This number has not meaningfully changed in decades and, based on current trends, is not expected to significantly change in the near future.
Cigarettes burn tobacco, which produces smoke. As a result of the combustion process, the smoker inhales high levels of various toxic substances.  In contrast, while SFPs contain nicotine, which is addictive and not risk-free, SFPs do not burn tobacco and therefore contain significantly lower levels of harmful and potentially harmful constituents ("HPHCs") than found in cigarette smoke.
Our SFPs and commercial activities for these products are designed for, and directed toward, current adult smokers and adult users of nicotine-containing products. We put in significant effort to restrict access to our products from non-nicotine users and youth.
For adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes, we believe that SFPs, while not risk-free, offer a much better choice.  Accordingly, our key strategic priorities are to: (i) continue developing and commercializing products that have the potential to present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to such products versus continued cigarette smoking; and (ii) educate and encourage current adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes to switch to those products.
We recognize that this transformation from cigarettes to SFPs will take time and that the rate of