23, 2022, when the EU Commission published a delegated directive that eliminated this exemption. All EU Member States were required to apply the delegated directive as of October 23, 2023, which bans the use of characterizing flavors in heated tobacco products, impacting a significant proportion of our SFP products currently sold in the EU. Currently, all but six EU Member States have transposed this directive, withdrawing the heated tobacco product exemption from the characterizing flavor ban into national law. Based on high consumer switching to non-flavored products in reaction to past bans on flavors in other categories and markets, we anticipated that, while short-term volatility would be possible, the ban’s impact on our shipment volumes in the EU would be relatively limited in the near term. To date, our experience is consistent with this expectation. There has been some short-term disruption in countries that have implemented the ban, but the impact has generally been limited in time and magnitude. Nevertheless, it remains possible that the impact in countries that have yet to implement the ban could be more significant in duration or magnitude. But our fundamental view remains that we do not expect a meaningful long-term change in the structural growth of the category. We will continue to actively monitor relevant developments in the EU market, including from an illicit trade standpoint.
Other countries may follow the EU’s approach toward tobacco product ingredients. Turkey banned menthol as of May 2020.  Broader ingredient bans have been adopted by Brazil and Canada. In the U.S., certain states and localities have adopted flavor bans that apply to SFPs, including certain
ZYN
varieties.
Bans on Display of Tobacco Products at Retail
: In a number of our markets, including, but not limited to, Australia, Canada and Russia, governments have banned the display of tobacco products at the point of sale.  Other countries are considering similar bans.
Bans and Restrictions on Advertising, Marketing, Promotions and Sponsorships
: For many years, the FCTC has called for, and countries have imposed, partial or total bans on tobacco advertising, marketing, promotions and sponsorships, including bans and restrictions on advertising on radio and television, in print and on the Internet.  The FCTC's non-binding guidelines recommend that governments prohibit all forms of communication with adult smokers.
Product Standards and Restrictions on Product Design
: In some countries, including in the EU, cigarettes are subject to testing, disclosure and mandatory emissions limits for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and other smoke constituents.
Some members of the public health community are calling for the further standardization of tobacco products by requiring, for example, that cigarettes have a certain minimum diameter, which would result in a ban on slim cigarettes, or requiring the use of standardized filter and cigarette paper designs. In addition, at