manufactured by PMI or contract manufactured for PMI by PM USA, and PM USA will indemnify PMI for tobacco product claims based in substantial part on products manufactured by PM USA, excluding tobacco products contract manufactured for PMI.
It is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending cases against us and our subsidiaries. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco or nicotine-related litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation.
Damages claimed in some of the tobacco-related litigation are significant and, in the case of the
"Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation"
described below, could range into the billions of U.S. dollars. The variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions, together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome. While, as discussed below, we have to date been largely successful in defending tobacco-related litigation, litigation is subject to uncertainty. Additionally, as reported further below, beginning in March 2024, litigation related to oral nicotine products was filed against us and our subsidiaries before certain courts in the United States.
We and our subsidiaries record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. At the present time, except as stated otherwise in this Note 9.
Contingencies,
it is reasonably possible that an unfavorable outcome in a case may occur. Legal defense costs are expensed as incurred.
It is possible that our consolidated financial statements, including our results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain
23
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
pending litigation. Nevertheless, although litigation is subject to uncertainty, we and each of our subsidiaries named as a defendant believe, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that we have valid defenses to the litigation pending against us, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts. All such cases are, and will continue to be, vigorously defended. However, we and our subsidiaries may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if we believe it is in our best interests to do so.
After assessing the information available to it, except as stated otherwise in this Note 9.
Contingencies
, (i) management has not concluded that it is probable that a loss has been incurred in any of the pending combustible tobacco product-related cases; (ii) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss for any of the pending