certain terms of a proposed comprehensive resolution of Canadian tobacco claims and related litigation. Under the resolution contemplated by the Proposed Plan, RBH, Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited ("ITL") and JTI Macdonald Corp ("JTIM") would pay an aggregate global settlement amount of CAD 32.5 billion (approximately $22.3 billion). A significant determinative factor in the analysis of impairment indicators was the issue of allocation of CAD 32.5 billion aggregate settlement amount among RBH, ITL, and JTIM which remained unresolved at the time of filing.  On January 24, 2025, RBH filed an objection to approval of the Proposed Plan with the CCAA court (for further details, see Item 8, Note 18.
Contingencies
). Developments, including the positions taken by RBH in this objection and the positions taken by other parties in related filings narrowed the range of possible outcomes with respect to the allocation of the aggregate settlement amount of CAD 32.5 billion among RBH, ITL, and JTIM, which was determined to be an indicator that PMI’s investment in RBH may be impaired. Although there remains some uncertainty as to the final terms of the Proposed plan, PMI evaluated its investment in RBH for potential impairment and concluded that the estimated fair value of its investment in RBH was lower than its carrying value.  As a result, PMI performed a quantitative valuation of its investment in RBH as of December 31, 2024, and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $2,316 million (representing a diluted EPS charge of $1.49 per share) in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024, as a recognized subsequent event.  For further details, see Item 8, Note 6.
Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other
.
Income taxes –
The Income tax impact associated with Swedish Match AB financing that increased our 2023 diluted EPS by $0.11 per share and decreased our 2024 diluted EPS by $0.14 per share in the table above was due to a deferred tax impact for unrealized foreign currency gains and losses on intercompany loans related to the Swedish Match acquisition financing reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings, while the underlying pre-tax foreign currency movements fully offset in the consolidated statements of earnings and were reflected as currency translation adjustments in the consolidated statements of stockholders' (deficit) equity.
The 2023 tax items that decreased our 2023 diluted EPS by $0.11 per share in the table above were due to an increase in deferred tax liabilities related to the unremitted earnings of PMI's Russian subsidiaries due to the unilateral suspension of certain Russian double tax treaties by the Russian authorities on August 8, 2023, with respect to certain payments including dividends. The 2024 tax items that increased our 2024 diluted EPS by $0.03 per share in the table above were due to a U.S. tax benefit for a worthless stock deduction under section 165(g) of the Internal Revenue Code