related to the RBH equity investment.
The unfavorable currency movements primarily related to the currency impact on net earnings and represented the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the Egyptian pound, Euro, Japanese yen and Russian ruble.
The lower working capital requirements in 2024 as compared with 2023 were primarily due to more cash provided by inventories, coupled with more cash provided by accrued liabilities and other current assets, mainly reflecting the timing of excise tax-paid inventory movements primarily related to excise tax increases and the timing of the corresponding excise tax payments and less cash used in accounts payable in 2024 primarily due to comparison with 2023 payment for higher
IQOS ILUMA
device purchases in the fourth quarter of 2022 to meet the needs of
ILUMA
launches. The favorable 2024 working capital comparison to 2023 is also impacted by higher 2023 working capital requirements following the higher cost of tobacco leaf and other direct materials due to inflationary pressures (for further details, see “Impact of Inflation on Our Business and Mitigation Efforts” section of this MD&A), as well as tactical stock increases for certain direct materials. These changes in the working capital requirements were partly offset by more cash used in accounts receivable mainly reflecting lower usage of our factoring arrangements to sell trade receivables, as well as the timing of sales and cash collections. For further detail on our factoring arrangements, see Item 8, Note 19.
Sale of Accounts Receivable.
For the full year 2025, we currently expect net cash provided by operating activities of around $11 billion at prevailing exchange rates, subject to year-end working capital requirements. This takes into account non-recurring payments relating to the German tax surcharge and the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which amount to approximately $1 billion.
69
•
Net Cash Used in Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities of $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024 decreased by $2.5 billion from the comparable 2023 period. This decrease in net cash used was primarily due to the remaining cash payment (including interest) to Altria Group, Inc. in July 2023 of $1.8 billion for PMI to reacquire the
IQOS
commercialization rights in the U.S., and higher cash collateral received for derivative instruments, partially offset by higher capital expenditures.
Our capital expenditures were $1.4 billion in 2024 and $1.3 billion in 2023. The 2024 expenditures were primarily related to our ongoing investments in smoke-free product manufacturing capacity. We expect total capital expenditures in 2025 of approximately $1.5 billion, including further investments in
ZYN
capacity in the U.S.
•
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities of $9.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024 increased by $3.9 billion from the comparable 2023 period. The increase in net