its meeting in November 2016, the CoP adopted non-binding guidelines recommending that countries regulate product design features that increase the attractiveness of tobacco products, such as the diameter of cigarettes and the use of flavor capsules.
Currently, national standards in certain countries set minimum quality and safety requirements for heat-not-burn products with technical heat-not-burn specifications and/or methods for demonstrating the absence of combustion. These standards are mandatory in Armenia, Bahrain, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Tajikistan, Tunisia, the UAE and Uzbekistan, and voluntary in Algeria, Azerbaijan, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Morocco, Russia, South Africa, Vietnam, the U.K. and Ukraine. In Japan, a voluntary standard sets minimum safety requirements for tobacco heating devices.
For e-Vapor products, national standards setting minimum quality and safety requirements have been adopted in several markets.  These standards are mandatory in Armenia, Bahrain, China, Egypt, Jordan, New Zealand, the Philippines, Russia, United Arab Emirates, and Saudi Arabia and Tajikistan, and voluntary in Azerbaijan, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, France, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, the Philippines, Russia, the U.K., and Ukraine.
Currently, industry standards setting minimum quality and safety requirements for modern oral nicotine pouches have been adopted in Armenia, Bahrain, Costa Rica, Pakistan, Sweden, the U.K., and Ukraine.  These standards are voluntary.
We expect other governments to consider similar product standards for all novel tobacco and nicotine-containing products and encourage making them mandatory.
Restrictions on Public Smoking and Use of Nicotine-Containing Products in Public
: The pace and scope of restrictions on the use of our products have increased significantly in most of our markets.  Many countries around the world have adopted, or are likely to adopt, regulations that restrict or ban smoking and use of certain nicotine-containing products in public and/or workplaces, restaurants, bars and nightclubs. Some public health groups have called for, and some countries, regional governments and municipalities have adopted or proposed, bans on smoking in outdoor places, as well as bans on smoking in cars (typically, when minors are present) and
59
private homes. On December 3, 2024, the EU Council adopted its legally non-binding recommendation on smoke- and aerosol-free environments. While the recommendations recognize scientifically proven differences between smoke-free and combustible products, they nevertheless encourage EU member states to restrict usage of both conventional and novel tobacco products in indoor public spaces and some outdoor areas. Each member state is to decide whether or not to implement these recommendations.
Generation Bans
: Certain regulators are considering generation sales bans, which prohibit the sale of certain