valuation allowance is recorded.  Significant judgment is required in determining the need for and amount of valuation allowances for deferred tax assets including estimates of future taxable income in the applicable jurisdictions an
d the feasibility of on-going tax planning strategies
, as applicable.
The effective tax rates used for interim reporting are based on our full-year geographic earnings mix projections.  Changes in currency exchange rates, earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction or future regulatory developments may have an impact on the effective tax rates.  Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and in evaluating tax positions.
For further details, see Item 8, Note 12.
Income Taxes
to our consolidated financial statements.
Hedging -
As discussed below in “Market Risk,” we use derivative financial instruments principally to reduce exposures to market risks resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates by creating offsetting exposures. For derivative contracts that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges the gain or loss on the derivative, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk, is recognized in the consolidated statement of earnings. For our other derivatives to which we have elected to apply hedge accounting, gains and losses on these derivatives are initially deferred in accumulated other
34
comprehensive losses on the consolidated balance sheet and recognized in the consolidated statement of earnings into the same line item as the impact of the underlying transaction and in the periods when the related hedged transactions are also recognized in operating results. Gain (losses) related to derivatives contracts for which hedge accounting provisions have not been elected are recognized in the consolidated statement of earnings.
Contingencies -
As
discussed in Item 8, Note 18.
Contingencies
, to our consolidated financial statements, legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened against us, and/or our subsidiaries, and/or our indemnitees in various jurisdictions. We and our subsidiaries record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions, together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome. Much of the tobacco-related litigation is in its early stages, and litigation is subject to uncertainty. At the present time, except as stated otherwise in Item 8, Note 18.
Contingencies,
while it is reasonably possible that an unfavorable outcome in a case may occur, after assessing the information available to it: (i) management has not concluded that it is probable