balance outstanding during the first three months of 2025 was $2.4 billion. The average commercial paper balance outstanding during 2024 was $1.3 billion.
Sale of Accounts Receivable
–
To mitigate credit risk and enhance cash and liquidity management, we sell trade receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions.  For further details, see Note 14.
Sale of Accounts Receivable
to our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Supply Chain Financing
–
We engage with unaffiliated global financial institutions that offer a voluntary supply chain financing program to some of our suppliers. For further details, see Note 18.
Supply Chain Financing
to our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Debt
– Our total debt was $49.6 billion at March 31, 2025 and $45.7 billion at December 31, 2024.
On February 10, 2023, we filed a shelf registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under which we may from time to time sell debt securities and/or warrants to purchase debt securities over a three-year period.
Guarantees
– At March 31, 2025, we have guarantees of our own performance, which are primarily related to excise taxes on the shipment of our products. There is no liability in the condensed consolidated financial statements associated with these guarantees. These guarantees have not had, and are not expected to have, a significant impact on PMI’s liquidity.
In August 2024, PMI entered into a guarantee agreement for an equity investee. For further details, see Note 13.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other
.
Swedish Match Notes Consent Solicitation and PMI Guarantee
On June 15, 2023, our wholly owned subsidiary, Swedish Match AB ("Swedish Match"), initiated a public consent solicitation of eligible holders of certain outstanding series of its notes to amend certain terms and conditions of these respective notes. The eligible noteholders provided the requisite irrevocable consent instructions voting in favor of the amendments, which were subsequently passed by way of extraordinary resolution at the noteholders’ meeting held on July 28, 2023. As a result of the passage of the extraordinary resolution, Philip Morris International Inc. entered into a guarantee, which guarantees unconditionally and irrevocably to the noteholders the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the notes.
Equity and Dividends
We discuss our stock awards as of March 31, 2025 in Note 3.
Stock Plans
to our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Dividends paid in the first three months of 2025 were $2.1 billion. During the third quarter of 2024, our Board of Directors approved a 3.8% increase in the quarterly dividend to $1.35 per common share. As a result, the present annualized dividend rate is $5.40 per common share.
Market Risk
Counterparty Risk
- We predominantly work with financial institutions with strong short- and long-term credit