tobacco or nicotine products to people born after a certain year. In December 2022, New Zealand adopted regulatory measures restricting the sale and supply of smoked tobacco products, including prohibiting the sale of smoked tobacco products to anyone born on or after January 1, 2009. These measures were limited to smoked tobacco products and did not apply to heated tobacco products and e-cigarettes. The New Zealand parliament repealed the measures in February 2024, before they were implemented. On November 5, 2024, the UK government introduced a bill to the parliament, which if adopted, would ban the sale of tobacco products, including HTPs, herbal smoking products and cigarette papers to those born on or after January 1, 2009.
Other Regulatory Issues
: Some regulators are considering, or in some cases have adopted, regulatory measures designed to reduce the supply of tobacco products. These include regulations intended to reduce the number of retailers selling tobacco products by, for example, reducing the overall number of tobacco retail licenses available or banning the sale of tobacco products within specified distances of certain public facilities. In a limited number of markets, most notably Japan, we are dependent on governmental approvals that may limit our pricing flexibility.
The EU Single-Use Plastics Directive, which will require tobacco manufacturers and importers to cover the costs of public collection systems for tobacco product filters, under Extended Producer Responsibility ("EPR") schemes, came into force on July 2, 2019. As of December 31, 2024, the majority of EU Member States transposed the directive into national legislation and brought into force mandatory EPR schemes and related EPR costs for tobacco manufacturers and importers. We currently expect further adoption of similar laws in other jurisdictions, and we are monitoring developments in this area. We do not estimate a material impact to our business in the EU as a result of compliance with these mandatory EPR schemes.
SFP Commercialization and Risk Statement Authorizations
Certain markets have instituted regulatory authorization processes that govern the commercialization of SFPs or the use of statements addressing SFP harm-reduction.
FDA Approval Process and Status of PMI SFPs
: In the United States, an established regulatory framework for assessing “Modified Risk Tobacco Products” ("MRTP") and “New Tobacco Products” exists under the jurisdiction of the FDA. FDA actions may influence the regulatory approach of other governments and international regulatory agencies.
FDA Review of IQOS
: We submitted to the FDA a Modified Risk Tobacco Product Application (“MRTPA”) for
IQOS
in December 2016, and a Premarket Tobacco Product Application (“PMTA”) for
IQOS
in March 2017.
On April 30, 2019, the FDA determined that a version of
IQOS
, namely,
IQOS
2.4 and three related consumables, is appropriate for the protection of public health and authorized it for sale in the United