goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment using a quantitative assessment for all of its reporting units and non-amortizable intangible assets. As a result of this review, no impairment charges were required.
At December 31, 2024, the carrying value of our goodwill was $16.6 billion, which is related to eleven geographical reporting units, each consisting of a group of markets with similar operating and economic characteristics, and the Wellness and Healthcare business. The estimated fair value of each of our twelve reporting units and non-amortizable intangible assets exceeded the carrying value as of December 31, 2024.
Investment in non-marketable equity securities
–
For further details, see Item 8, Note 6.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other
to our consolidated financial statements
Marketing Costs -
We incur certain costs to support our products through programs that include advertising, marketing, consumer engagement and trade promotions. The costs of our advertising and marketing programs are expensed in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  Recognition of the cost related to our consumer engagement and trade promotion programs contain uncertainties due to the judgment required in estimating the potential performance and compliance for each program. For volume-based incentives provided to customers, management continually assesses and estimates, by customer, the likelihood of the customer's achieving the specified targets, and records the reduction of revenue as the sales are made.  For other trade promotions, management relies on estimated utilization rates that have been developed from historical experience.  Changes in the assumptions used in estimating the cost of any individual marketing program would not result in a material change in our financial position, results of operations or operating cash flows.
33
Employee Benefit Plans -
As discussed in Item 8, Note 14.
Benefit Plans
to our consolidated financial statements, we provide a range of benefits to our employees and retired employees, including pensions, postretirement health care and postemployment benefits (primarily severance). We record annual amounts relating to these plans based on calculations specified by U.S. GAAP. These calculations include various actuarial assumptions, such as discount rates, assumed rates of return on plan assets, compensation increases, mortality, turnover rates and health care cost trend rates. We review actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when it is deemed appropriate to do so. As permitted by U.S. GAAP, any effect of the modifications is generally amortized over future periods. We believe that the assumptions utilized in calculating our obligations under these plans are reasonable based upon our historical experience and advice from our actuaries.
Weighted-average discount rate assumptions for pension and postretirement plan obligations