products to commercialize them in the United States.  For further details on
IQOS
commercialization in the U.S. and the related agreement with Altria Group, Inc (“Altria”), see Note 2.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
.
In the first quarter of 2024, PMI recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $
121
million related to this restructuring activity. This amount included contract termination costs with suppliers of $
61
million, including prepaid commitments of $
20
million. The amount also included asset impairment costs of $
60
million, primarily related to machinery and equipment and other assets, which were non-cash charges.
Venezuela
In the first quarter of 2024, PMI ceased its operations in Venezuela and as a result, recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $
47
million. The amount primarily included non-cash charges related to the reclassification of accumulated foreign currency translation losses from other comprehensive losses of $
38
million and asset impairment charge of $
5
million related to land and buildings. This amount also included contract termination, severance and other related costs of $
4
million, which were paid in cash.
For details on the income tax impact of the transaction, see Note 10.
Income Taxes
.
42
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Restructuring Charges by Segment
PMI recorded the following pre-tax restructuring charges by segment:
Movement in Restructuring Related Liabilities
The movement in restructuring related liabilities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was as follows:
Future cash payments for restructuring activities incurred to date are anticipated to be substantially paid by the end of 2025.
Note 17.
Leases:
The components of PMI’s lease cost were as follows for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
43
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 18.
Supply Chain Financing:
PMI has engaged with unaffiliated global financial institutions that offer a voluntary supply chain financing ("SCF") program to some of our suppliers. Under the SCF program, the suppliers may elect, at their sole discretion, to sell PMI's payment obligations to these financial institutions. The suppliers independently negotiate the sale arrangements directly with these financial institutions. PMI does not participate in these negotiations, nor does it have any economic interest in these agreements, or in the designated suppliers’ voluntary decision to sell PMI's payment obligations to these financial institutions. No guarantees or securities are provided by PMI or any of its subsidiaries under the SCF programs. PMI's obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms are not impacted by the suppliers’ decision to sell amounts under the SCF program.  The payment terms of PMI’s suppliers generally do not