balance sheets.
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
81
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' (Deficit) Equity
(in millions of dollars, except per share data)
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
82
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Background and Basis of Presentation:
Background
Philip Morris International Inc. is a holding company incorporated in Virginia, U.S.A. (also referred to herein as the U.S., the United States or the United States of America), whose subsidiaries and affiliates and their licensees are primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes and smoke-free products. Throughout these financial statements, the term "PMI" refers to Philip Morris International Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Smoke-Free Business ("SFB”) is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its smoke-free products. SFB also includes wellness and healthcare products, as well as consumer accessories, such as lighters and matches.
Smoke-free products (also referred to herein as "SFPs") is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its products that provide nicotine without combusting tobacco, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral smokeless, and that therefore generate far lower levels of harmful chemicals. As such, these products have the potential to present less risk of harm versus continued smoking.
On September 17, 2024, PMI announced the execution of a definitive agreement pursuant to which PMI’s direct, wholly-owned subsidiary, Vectura Fertin Pharma Inc., agreed to sell Vectura Group Ltd. (formerly, Vectura Group plc, and hereinafter referred to as “Vectura” or "Vectura Group") to Molex Asia Holdings Ltd. The transaction was completed on December 31, 2024. For further details, see Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures.
Basis of presentation
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates and assumptions include, among other things: pension and benefit plan assumptions; useful lives and valuation assumptions of goodwill and other intangible assets; valuation assumptions for non-marketable equity securities; marketing programs, and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The consolidated financial statements include PMI, as well as its wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. Investments in which PMI exercises significant influence (generally 20%-50% ownership interest) are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Investments not accounted for under the equity method of accounting are measured at fair value, if it is readily determinable, with changes in fair value recognized in net income.