evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s assessment of smoking and health class actions and health care cost recovery cases, including controls over determining whether the probability and range of loss can be reasonably estimated, as well as controls over financial statement disclosures. These procedures also included, among others (i) confirming with external and internal legal counsel the possibility or probability of an unfavorable outcome and the extent to which the loss or range of loss is reasonably estimable; (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of management’s assessment regarding whether an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable; and (iii) evaluating the sufficiency of the Company’s smoking and health class actions and health care cost recovery cases contingencies disclosures.
Impairment Related to the Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Equity Investment
As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, since the 2019 deconsolidation of Rothmans, Benson and Hedges Inc. (RBH), the Company has accounted for its continuing investment in the business as an equity security, without readily determinable fair value.  On January 24, 2025, RBH filed an objection to approval of the proposed plan of compromise and arrangement (Proposed Plan) with the CCAA court. Developments, including the positions taken by RBH in this objection and the positions taken by other parties in related filings narrowed the range of possible outcomes with respect to the allocation of the aggregate settlement, which was determined to be an indicator that the Company’s investment in RBH may be impaired. Although there remains some uncertainty as to the final terms of the Proposed Plan, management evaluated its investment in RBH for potential impairment and concluded that the estimated fair value of its investment in RBH was lower than its carrying value. As a result, management performed a quantitative valuation of its investment in RBH as of December 31, 2024, and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $2,316 million. The fair value of the continuing investment in RBH of $714 million represented the estimated fair value of the underlying business, net of management’s best estimate of the share of the aggregate global settlement amount that could be allocated to RBH, and was determined based on an income approach using a discounted cash flow analysis. In determining the fair value of the investment in RBH, management made various judgments, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which were discount rate, sales volumes and operating margins related to the fair value of the combustible tobacco product business in Canada. In addition, significant estimates were made with respect to the allocation amount of the aggregate global settlement amount, as well as