and manufactures products under license for Philip Morris Misr LLC (“PMM”), PMI’s Egyptian subsidiary. The acquisition builds on PMI’s existing investments in Egypt and increases the manufacturing synergies between PMM and UTC.
As a result of PMI obtaining control over UTC, PMI’s previously held
25
% economic interest in UTC was remeasured to its fair value by applying the guideline transaction method adjusted for a discount for lack of control. The difference between the book value of $
312
million, including related cumulative translation losses balance of $
112
million, which was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive losses and the fair value of PMI’s previously held interest in UTC was not material.
The total purchase price for the incremental equity interest of $
316
million included cash consideration of $
31
million, contingent consideration of $
22
million and $
263
million of assumed bank loan liabilities. During the third quarter of 2024, PMI paid the contingent consideration of $
22
million and $
240
million of assumed bank loans.
The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation for the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of the acquisition, which includes previously held interest:
Goodwill is primarily attributable to future growth opportunities, anticipated synergies in the manufacturing processes and intangible assets that did not qualify for separate recognition. The fair value of the noncontrolling interest was estimated based on the enterprise value of UTC, adjusted for a discount for lack of control. The manufacturing license, which relates to the manufacturing of both smoke-free and combustible tobacco products, was valued using the multi-period excess earnings method and has been determined to have an indefinite life.
The purchase price allocation is preliminary and continues to be subject to refinement. PMI is evaluating the deductibility of goodwill for income tax purposes. UTC's results of operations from May 16, 2024, through March 31, 2025, were included in PMI's consolidated statements of earnings and were not material. Pro forma results of operations for the business combination have not been presented as the aggregate impact is not material to PMI's consolidated statements of earnings.
Altria Group, Inc. Agreement
On October 20, 2022, PMI announced that it had reached an agreement with Altria Group, Inc. ("Altria") to end the companies' relationship regarding the
IQOS
commercialization rights in the U.S. as of April 30, 2024.  As a result of PMI reacquiring these rights, effective May 1, 2024 ("acquisition date"), PMI holds the full rights to commercialize
IQOS
in the U.S. As part of the
11
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
agreement, PMI agreed to pay a total cash consideration of approximately $
2.8
billion, including interest, of which $
1.0
billion