forecasted transactions. The primary currencies to which PMI is exposed include the Euro, Egyptian pound, Indonesian rupiah, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Russian ruble and Swiss franc.
Additionally, certain materials that PMI uses in the manufacturing of its products are exposed to market price risks. PMI uses commodity derivative contracts (“commodity contracts") to manage its exposure to the market price volatility of certain commodity components of these materials.
These foreign exchange contracts, interest rate contracts and commodity contracts are collectively referred to as "derivative contracts". PMI is not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by policy, does not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Substantially all of PMI's derivative financial instruments are subject to master netting arrangements, whereby the right to offset occurs in the event of default by a participating party. While these contracts contain the enforceable right to offset through close-out netting rights, PMI elects to present them on a gross basis in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Collateral associated with these arrangements is in the form of cash and is unrestricted.  Changes in collateral posted are included in cash flows from investing activities and changes in collateral received are included in cash flows from financing activities.  Financial instruments qualifying for hedge accounting must maintain a specified level of effectiveness between the hedging instrument and the item being hedged, both at inception and throughout the hedged period.  PMI formally documents the nature and relationships between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk-management objectives, strategies for undertaking the various hedge transactions and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. Additionally, for hedges of forecasted transactions, the significant characteristics and expected terms of the forecasted transaction must be specifically identified, and it must be probable that each forecasted transaction will occur.  If it were deemed probable that the forecasted transaction would not occur, the gain or loss would be recognized in earnings.
The gross notional amounts for outstanding derivatives at the end of each period were as follows:
16
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
The fair value of PMI’s derivative contracts included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, were as follows:
PMI assesses the fair value of its derivative contracts using standard valuation models that use, as their basis, readily observable market inputs.  The fair value of PMI’s foreign exchange forward contracts, foreign currency swaps and interest rate contracts is determined by using the prevailing foreign exchange spot rates and interest rate differentials, and the