and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes.  Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell.  Mix is a term used to refer to the proportionate value of premium-price brands to mid-price or low-price brands in any given market (product mix).  Mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets (geographic mix).
Our cost of sales consists principally of: tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs; shipping and handling costs; and the cost of devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers.  Estimated costs associated with device warranty programs are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized.
Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses.
Philip Morris International Inc. is a legal entity separate and distinct from its direct and indirect subsidiaries.  Accordingly, our right, and thus the right of our creditors and stockholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary is subject to the prior rights of creditors of such subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of our company itself as a creditor may be recognized.  As a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries.  Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law, including governmental capital and foreign currency exchange controls.
Executive Summary
The following executive summary provides the business update and significant highlights from the "
Discussion and Analysis
" that follows.
Consolidated Operating Results for the Three Months Ended March 31,
2025
•
Net Revenues
- Net revenues of $9.3 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, increased by $0.5 billion, or 5.8%, from the comparable 2024 amount. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2024 amount was driven by the following (variances not to scale with quarterly results):
During the quarter, net revenues increased by 5.8%. Net revenues, excluding currency and acquisitions/divestitures, increased by 10.2%,