subsidiaries are maintained in good condition and are believed to be suitable and adequate for our present needs.
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings.
The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to Item 8, Note 18.
Contingencies
.
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
.
Not applicable.
21
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
The principal stock exchange on which our common stock (no par value) is listed is the New York Stock Exchange (ticker symbol "PM"). At January 31, 2025, there were approximately 38,800 holders of record of our common stock.
Information regarding equity-based compensation plans required by Regulation S-K Item 201(d) is provided in Item 12 of this 10-K.
22
Performance Graph
The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on PMI's common stock with the cumulative total return for the same period of PMI's Peer Group and the S&P 500 Index.  The graph assumes the investment of $100 as of December 31, 2019, in PMI common stock (at prices quoted on the New York Stock Exchange), and each of the indices as of the market close and reinvestment of dividends on a quarterly basis.
(1)
The PMI Peer Group presented in this graph is the same as that used in the prior year. The PMI Peer Group was established based on a review of four characteristics: global presence; a focus on consumer products; and net revenues and a market capitalization of a similar size to those of PMI.  The review also considered the primary international tobacco companies.  As a result of this review, the following companies constitute the PMI Peer Group:  Altria Group, Inc., Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV, British American Tobacco p.l.c., The Coca-Cola Company, Colgate-Palmolive Co., Diageo plc, Heineken N.V., Imperial Brands PLC, Japan Tobacco Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, The Kraft-Heinz Company, McDonald's Corp., Mondelēz International, Inc., Nestlé S.A., PepsiCo, Inc., The Procter & Gamble Company, Roche Holding AG, and Unilever NV and PLC.
Note: Figures are rounded to the nearest $0.10.
23
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities During the Quarter Ended December 31, 2024
Our share repurchase activity for each of the three months in the quarter ended December 31, 2024, was as follows:
(1)
On June 11, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $7 billion, with target spending of $5 billion to $7 billion over a three-year period that commenced in July 2021.  These share repurchases have been made pursuant to the $7 billion program. On May 11, 2022, we announced the suspension of our three-year share repurchase program following the recommended public offer to acquire the outstanding shares of Swedish Match from its shareholders. Our three-year share repurchase program expired on July 21, 2024.
(2)
Shares repurchased represent shares tendered to us by employees who vested in restricted and