is based on a review of scientific evidence related to novel and emerging nicotine and tobacco products, such as electronic nicotine delivery systems ("ENDS"), electronic non-nicotine delivery systems and HTPs. The report concludes by making a number of policy recommendations on HTPs and ENDS that, if implemented, could restrict both the availability of these products and the access to accurate information about them. In August 2021, the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (the "FCTC") Secretariat published two reports on novel and emerging tobacco products to the Ninth Session of the CoP of the FCTC, which are not materially different from the WHO study group report. Substantive decisions based on these reports were deferred to the Tenth Session of the CoP ("CoP 10"). CoP 10 to the FCTC took place in February 2024. According to reports and decisions published, neither new decisions nor new policy recommendations on novel and emerging tobacco products were adopted. Specific Guidelines were adopted to address cross-border Tobacco Advertising, Promotion, and Sponsorship ("TAPS") and the depiction of tobacco in entertainment media. The Eleventh Session of the CoP is currently scheduled to take place in November 2025.
Reports issued by the WHO and other FCTC guidelines or recommendations are not binding on the WHO Member States or on parties to the FCTC, and so it is not possible to predict the extent to which any proposals it adopts will be implemented. However, the WHO proposals could lead to restrictions on the availability of certain of our SFPs and access to accurate information about them in one or more of our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
Additionally, any claims, regardless of merit, challenging our research and clinical data available to date, may impact the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the commercialization of the SFP category and the commercialization of the SFP category in general.
Our SFPs and commercial activities for these products are designed for, and directed toward, current adult smokers and adult users of nicotine-containing products. We put significant effort to restrict access of our products from non-nicotine users and youth. Despite our efforts, technological, operational, regulatory and/or commercial developments might impact the implementation or effectiveness of youth access prevention mechanisms and surrounding infrastructure. If there is significant usage, whether actual or perceived, of our products or competitive products among youth or non-nicotine users, even in situations over which we have no control, our reputation and credibility may suffer, the regulatory approach to our products may become more restrictive, and our efforts to advocate for the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of SFPs may be significantly impacted.
In the U.S., any federal, state or local government action,