more favorable tax rates than cigarettes. Nevertheless, we are unable to predict whether regulators will be issuing new regulations under which SFPs will be equally taxed in line with other tobacco products such as conventional cigarettes. If we cease to be successful in these efforts, SFP unit margins may be materially adversely affected, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, revenues, cash flows, and profitability.
Consumption of tax-paid cigarettes continues to decline in many of our markets.
This decline is due to multiple factors, including increased taxes and pricing, governmental actions, the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, health concerns, competition, continuing economic and geopolitical uncertainty, and the continuing prevalence of illicit products. These factors and their potential consequences are discussed more fully below and in Part I, Item 2.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Business Environment
section of this report
.
A continuous decline in the consumption of cigarettes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and profitability, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our smoke-free transformation.
Cigarettes are subject to substantial taxes. Significant increases in cigarette-related taxes have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted in numerous jurisdictions. These tax increases may disproportionately affect our profitability and make us less competitive versus certain of our competitors.
Tax regimes, including excise taxes, sales taxes and import duties, can disproportionately affect the retail price of cigarettes versus other combustible tobacco products, or disproportionately affect the relative retail price of our cigarette brands versus cigarette brands manufactured by certain of our competitors. Because our portfolio is weighted toward the premium-price cigarette category, tax regimes based on sales price can place us at a competitive disadvantage in certain markets. Furthermore, our volume and profitability may be adversely affected in these markets.
In addition, increases in cigarette taxes are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on our sales of cigarettes, due to resulting lower consumption levels, a shift in sales from manufactured cigarettes to other combustible tobacco products and from the premium-price to the mid-price or low-price cigarette categories, where we may be under-represented, from local sales to cross-border purchases of lower price products, or to illicit products such as contraband, counterfeit and other non-compliant or otherwise illicit products.
Each of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, results of operations, revenues, cash flows and profitability.
Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements