FTKK patent.  FTKK is seeking an order stopping the importation of
TEREA
and
SENTIA
consumables. At this time, FTKK is not seeking any monetary damages or costs. PMJL has entered an appearance in the proceeding as an interested party and filed its opposition to FTKK’s application on January 9, 2025.  On January 9, 2025, PMJL and Sojitz filed a declaratory judgment action against FTKK in Tokyo District Court with respect to the patent at issue in the pending Tokyo Customs matter on the basis that the relevant patent is not infringed or is invalid.  PMJL intends to vigorously defend the matters commenced by FTKK and take steps to mitigate disruption, if any, that could result from FTKK’s claims.
Other patent challenges are pending in various jurisdictions.
We are also involved in additional litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business. While the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain, management does not expect that the ultimate outcomes of other litigation, including any reasonably possible losses in excess of current accruals, will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
Sale of Accounts Receivable:
To mitigate risk and enhance cash and liquidity management PMI sells trade receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions. These arrangements allow PMI to sell, on an ongoing basis, certain trade receivables without recourse. The trade receivables sold are generally short-term in nature and are removed from the consolidated balance sheets. PMI sells trade receivables under
two
types of arrangements, servicing and non-servicing.  For servicing arrangements, PMI continues to service the sold trade receivables on an administrative basis and does not act on behalf of the unaffiliated financial institutions. When applicable, a servicing liability is recorded for the estimated fair value of the servicing. The amounts associated with the servicing liability were not material for the
136
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.  Under the non-servicing arrangements, PMI does not provide any administrative support or servicing after the trade receivables have been sold to the unaffiliated financial institutions.
Cumulative trade receivables sold, including excise taxes, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, were $
11.9
billion and $
13.3
billion, respectively.  PMI’s operating cash flows were positively impacted by the amount of the trade receivables sold and derecognized from the consolidated balance sheets, which remained outstanding with the unaffiliated financial institutions.  The trade receivables sold that remained outstanding under these arrangements as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were $
0.9
billion, $
1.6
billion and $
1.0
billion, respectively. The net proceeds received are included in cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The difference between the carrying amount of the trade receivables sold and