security for over 25 years, including in the telecommunications and management consultancy sectors and serving as the Chief Information Security Officer of two large public companies.  The CDIO holds an engineering degree and has served in various senior positions in information technology for over 20 years, including serving as Senior Vice President, IT Sales, and Global Chief Information Officer at a public company. The CEO has served in various positions in finance and general management at PMI for over 30 years, including as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and holds a master’s degree in economics. The CFO has over 15 years of experience in finance and management, having held several executive positions in charge of finance, legal affairs information systems and industry administration at various companies. The GC has served at PMI for 18 years in several positions within the Legal & Compliance department, including as Vice President and Associate General Counsel of various regions, and holds two master’s degrees having studied law, management and finance.
As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, PMI is not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect PMI, its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
For additional information concerning PMI’s risks related to cybersecurity, see Item 1.A.
Risk Factors
.
Item 2
.  Properties.
We own or lease various manufacturing, office and research and development facilities in locations around the world. We own properties in Switzerland where our operations center and state-of-the-art research and development facility are located.
At December 31, 2024, we operated and owned a total of 51 manufacturing facilities across our segments. Among them, 9 factories produced heated tobacco units and 7 factories produced oral nicotine products.
In 2024, certain of our facilities each manufactured over 30 billion units (cigarettes and heated tobacco units combined). Our largest manufacturing facilities, in terms of cigarette and heated tobacco unit volume, are located in Turkey (SSEA, CIS & MEA), Russia (SSEA, CIS & MEA), Indonesia (SSEA, CIS & MEA), Poland (Europe), Italy (Europe), Czech Republic (Europe) and Lithuania (Europe). Our largest nicotine pouch manufacturing facility is located in the United States. As part of our global operating model, products manufactured in a particular manufacturing facility are not necessarily distributed in the operating segment where the facility is located.
We have integrated the production of our heated tobacco units into a number of our existing manufacturing facilities, and we are progressing with our plans to build manufacturing capacity for our smoke-free products. We will continue to optimize our manufacturing infrastructure.
We believe the properties owned or leased by our