December 31, 2023. For further details, see Item 8, Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
.
Loss on sale of Vectura Group –
In September 2024, we announced the execution of a definitive agreement to sell Vectura to Molex Asia Holdings Ltd. On December 31, 2024, we completed the sale. The sale resulted in a pre-tax loss of $199 million (representing $206 million including the tax costs or a diluted EPS charge of $0.13 per share). This pre-tax loss was recorded in marketing, administration and research costs in PMI’s consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024,
30
and was included in the Wellness and Healthcare segment results. For further details, see Item 8, Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
.
Egypt sales tax charge
–
In the third quarter of 2024, following a ruling issued by the Higher Administrative Court in Egypt and subsequent evaluation of available remedies, we concluded that an adverse outcome was probable and recorded a pre-tax charge of $45 million (representing $39 million net of income tax and a diluted EPS charge of $0.03 per share) in relation to tax assessments for general sales tax deducted on imported cutfiller for the years 2014 to 2016. This pre-tax charge was recorded in marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024, and was included in the SSEA, CIS & MEA segment results.
Megapolis localization tax impact
– PMI holds a 23% equity interest in Megapolis Distribution B.V. ("MDBV"), which was the holding company of JSC TK Megapolis (formerly CJSC TK Megapolis), pursuant to Dutch law, PMI's distributor in Russia.  In June 2024, the Russian government included JSC TK Megapolis in the list of economically significant organizations that may be subject to forced localization under applicable Russian law, which refers to the mandatory removal of a foreign holding company from the shareholding structure. On August 8, 2024, the Arbitrazh Court of the Moscow Region granted the forced localization of MDBV as requested by the Ministry of Industry and Trade on July 18, 2024.  As a result, MDBV’s shares in JSC TK Megapolis were transferred to JSC TK Megapolis and subsequently transferred to the Russian subsidiary of its indirect shareholders during the fourth quarter of 2024. As a result of the transfer of shares, PMI recorded a tax charge of $77 million (representing a diluted EPS charge of $0.05 per share). This charge primarily reflected additional deferred withholding taxes related to the JSC TK Megapolis pre-localization earnings and other adjustments of accumulated earnings of the Russian subsidiary.  For further details, see Item 8, Note 6.
Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other
.
Impairment related to the RBH equity investment
– On October 17, 2024, the court-appointed mediator and monitor in the CCAA proceedings filed a proposed plan of compromise and arrangement (“Proposed Plan”) setting forth, among other things,