fine imposed by the trial court. The appellate court directed the Public Prosecutor to coordinate with customs officials to calculate such reduced fine in accordance with the appellate court’s decision.  The appellate court affirmed the acquittal of the individual defendant. Our subsidiary has appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Thailand. The Public Prosecutor has filed an appeal to the Supreme Court of Thailand challenging the dismissal of charges against the individual defendant and the amount of the fine. Thailand is required to refund any payment made by our subsidiary in excess of any fine assessed by the courts.
In July 2020, the Public Prosecutor’s office of Rome, Italy, notified our Italian subsidiary, Philip Morris Italia S.r.l. (“PM Italia”), as well as
three
former or current employees and a former external consultant of PM Italia in July and March 2020, respectively, that it concluded a preliminary investigation against them for alleged contravention of anti-corruption laws and related disruption of trade freedom. The Public Prosecutor alleges that the individuals involved promised certain personal favors to government officials from January to July of 2018 in exchange for favorable treatment for PM Italia, and that PM Italia lacked appropriate organizational controls to prevent the alleged actions by the individuals. On September 21, 2020, the Public Prosecutor issued his indictment and referred the matter to the court. At the preliminary hearing held on May 11, 2021, the judge decided to refer all charges/defendants (including our affiliate) to trial. The first trial hearing took place on September 22, 2021. BAT has filed a civil claim against PM Italia claiming vicarious liability for the alleged wrongdoings of its former or current employees and seeking EUR
50
million (approximately $
51
million) in damages. After various postponements, the trial started on September 25, 2023, and is expected to continue in 2025 through a series of evidentiary hearings. PM Italia believes it has strong defenses to the charges against it and will defend them vigorously.
135
The Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation filed a petition before the Arbitrazh Court of the Moscow Region seeking the suspension of corporate rights that Megapolis Distribution B.V. (“MDBV”), a legal entity incorporated in the Netherlands, held, pursuant to Dutch law, in JSC TK Megapolis (formerly CJSC TK Megapolis), which is the distributor of PMI’s products in Russia.  On July 18, 2024, the court admitted the petition. On August 8, 2024, the Arbitrazh Court of the Moscow Region granted the forced localization, as requested by the Ministry of Industry and Trade. As a result, MDBV's interest and corporate rights in JSC TK Megapolis were transferred to JSC TK Megapolis. On December 5, 2024, JSC TK Megapolis registered the subsequent transfer of such interest and corporate rights to a PMI affiliate, ZAO Philip Morris Izhora. For additional