predetermined peer group and on an absolute basis (
40
% weight), PMI’s currency-neutral compound annual adjusted diluted earnings per share growth rate (
30
% weight), and a Sustainability Index, which consists of
two
drivers:
12
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
•
Product Sustainability
(
20
% weight): aggregates key performance indicators pertaining to social and environmental impacts generated by PMI's products; measuring progress primarily on PMI's efforts to maximize the benefits of smoke-free products, purposefully phase out cigarettes, and reduce post-consumer waste; and
•
Operational Sustainability
(
10
% weight): aggregates key performance indicators pertaining to social and environmental impacts generated by PMI's business activities; measuring progress on PMI's efforts to benefit PMI and its stakeholders by tackling climate change, preserving nature, improving the quality of life of people in its supply chain, and fostering an empowered, and inclusive workplace.
The performance metrics, targets and relative weights for the PSU’s granted during the three months ended March 31, 2025 were the same as the PSU’s granted during the three months ended March 31, 2024, with the exception of the annual growth rate of adjusted diluted EPS metric goals, which was increased, and for changes to certain components of the Sustainability Index. In the Sustainability Index, certain KPIs were adjusted to reflect PMI’s developing sustainability strategy and the number of individual KPIs was reduced, both in acknowledgment of the maturity of certain programs measured by removed KPIs and to further focus management performance on the remaining Sustainability Index metrics.
The PSU performance metrics may be adjusted if appropriate to reflect the impact of unusual or infrequently occurring events, including, to the extent significant, corporate transactions, accounting or tax law changes, asset write-downs, litigation or claim adjustments, foreign exchange gains and losses, unbudgeted capital expenditures and other such events.
The aggregate of the weighted performance factors for the
three
metrics in each such PSU award determines the percentage of PSUs that will vest at the end of the
three-year
performance cycle.  The minimum percentage of such PSUs that can vest is
zero
, with a target percentage of
100
and a maximum percentage of
200
.  Each such vested PSU entitles the participant to
one
share of common stock.  An aggregate weighted PSU performance factor of
100
will result in the targeted number of PSUs being vested. At the end of the performance cycle, participants are entitled to an amount equivalent to the accumulated dividends paid on common stock during the performance cycle for the number of shares earned.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, shares granted to eligible employees, the grant date fair value per share and the