information, see Note 6.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other.
Following an October 2020 final decision by the highest court in Brazil in tax litigation pertaining to overpayments of certain indirect taxes, our affiliate modified the methodology for calculation of the deduction applicable to the indirect taxes at issue.  The Brazilian Tax Authority objected to such methodology and, on December 3, 2024, served our affiliate with notice of an assessment alleging underpayments of these indirect taxes during the 2020 fiscal year, for approximately BRL
137
million ($
24
million). Our affiliate believes it is probable that the Brazilian Tax Authority will issue assessments alleging underpayment of indirect taxes for subsequent fiscal years.  We disagree with the position of the Brazilian Tax Authority, and will defend vigorously.
On December 21, 2023, we were informed that Future Technology K.K. (“FTKK”) filed an application with Tokyo Customs against Sojitz Corporation (“Sojitz”), Philip Morris Japan Limited’s (“PMJL”) importer and distributor, due to alleged infringement of JP7299432.  FTKK sought an order stopping the importation of
TEREA
consumables.  FTKK did not in its application seek any monetary damages or costs.  PMJL entered an appearance in the proceeding as an interested party and filed its response to FTKK's application on January 31, 2024. The Customs hearing was held on May 28, 2024. On June 27, 2024 expert advisors to Customs provided their opinion that the patent at issue was not infringed. On June 28, 2024, FTKK withdrew its Customs application. The proceeding is now concluded. On January 26, 2024, PMJL filed a declaratory judgment action in Tokyo District Court seeking a declaration that JP7299432 is invalid and/or not infringed. The declaratory judgment action has now concluded following FTKK's waiver of its right to seek relief from PMJL for infringement of JP7299432, which effectively resolved PMJL's request for a declaration of no liability for infringement of that patent.
In July and August 2024, respectively, FTKK filed
two
patent infringement actions against Sojitz, PMJL’s importer and distributor, for alleged infringement of
two
patents by
TEREA
consumables.  FTKK asserts a claim for damages. PMJL is obligated to indemnify Sojitz for damages and intervened in the matters. Merits briefing in the matters commenced in December 2024. In November and December 2024, FTKK filed
seven
additional patent infringement actions against Sojitz for alleged infringement of
seven
new FTKK patents by
TEREA
and
SENTIA
consumables.  FTKK asserts a claim for damages in these actions. PMJL is obligated to indemnify Sojitz for damages and intervened in the matters. Merits briefing in these matters is expected to commence in the first half of 2025.  On November 27, 2024, we were informed that FTKK filed a new application with Tokyo Customs against Sojitz, PMJL’s importer and distributor, on the basis of alleged infringement of another