approximately 500 suppliers. In 2024, our top ten suppliers of direct materials combined represented approximately 60% of our total direct materials purchases. The four most significant direct materials that we purchase are printed paper board used in packaging, acetate tow used in filter making, fine paper used in the manufacturing of cigarettes and heated tobacco units, and susceptors used for
TEREA
and other consumables. In addition, the adequate supply and procurement of cloves are of particular importance to our Indonesian business. For our oral smoke-free products, direct materials include plastic cans and lids for nicotine pouches and traditional snus products, nicotine salt or nicotine premix for nicotine pouches, pouch material for individual pouchmaking and additives. Our devices are made by various electronic manufacturing services providers ("EMS"). The components used in the assembly of these devices can be made by the EMS or purchased from other suppliers. These components include mechanical parts, electrical and electromechanical components,  batteries, semiconductors, and packaging materials.
We discuss the details of our supply chain for our SFPs in Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Item 7”) in
Business Environment—Reduced-Risk Products
.
Business Environment
Information called for by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the paragraphs in Item 7,
Business Environment
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
4
Other Matters
Customers
As described in more detail in “
Distribution & Sales
” above, in many of our markets we sell our products to distributors. In 2024, sales to a distributor in the Europe Region and a distributor in the EA, AU & PMI DF Region each amounted to 10 percent or more of our consolidated net revenues. See Item 8, Note 13.
Segment Reporting
for more information.  We believe that none of our business segments is dependent upon a single customer or a few customers, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. In some of our markets, particularly in the Europe, SSEA, CIS & MEA, and EA, AU & PMI DF Regions, a loss of a distributor may result in a temporary market disruption.
Human Capital
Our Workforce
.
At December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 83,100 people worldwide, including full-time, temporary and part-time staff. Our businesses are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to our relationship with our employees. Generally, these laws and regulations are specific to the location of each business. We engage with legally recognized employee representative bodies and we have collective bargaining agreements in several of the countries in which we operate. In addition, in accordance with E.U. requirements, we have established a European Works Council composed of management and elected members of our workforce. We believe we maintain good