violated federal and state antitrust laws by, among other things, driving a competitor from the market through purportedly baseless litigation and entering into an allegedly anticompetitive agreement with PMI whereby PMI, through an indirect subsidiary, acquired Swedish Match North America LLC and eliminated itself as a competitor in the U.S. nicotine pouch market.  Plaintiff asserts claims under the Sherman Antitrust Act, the Clayton Antitrust Act, state antitrust law, and for unjust enrichment.  Plaintiff seeks to represent (i) all natural persons, businesses, entities, and corporations in the United States who purchased
ZYN
at retail during the class period; and (ii) all natural persons, businesses, entities, and corporations in the United States who live in states that have certain antitrust statutes who purchase
ZYN
at retail during the class period.  Plaintiff is seeking damages (including treble damages as available under antitrust laws), costs, attorneys’ fees, disgorgement of profit, pre- and post-judgment interest, and declaratory and injunctive relief (including a declaration that the acquisition of Swedish Match North America LLC by PMI is unlawful and must result in divestiture or be enjoined).  On January 15, 2025, Swedish Match North America LLC filed a motion to dismiss the complaint with prejudice. Rather than respond to the motion, Plaintiff filed an amended complaint ("Amended Complaint") on February 10, 2025. The Amended Complaint dropped Plaintiff's baseless litigation theory and named PMI as a defendant in its merger challenge claim. Swedish Match North America and PMI filed a motion to dismiss on March 3, 2025. Briefing is completed
32
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
and we are awaiting a decision from the court. At this time, no estimated loss has been accrued in the consolidated financial statements for this proceeding and we cannot determine the likelihood of loss, or reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, from this proceeding.
The Department of Special Investigations of the government of Thailand ("DSI") conducted an investigation into alleged underpayment by Philip Morris (Thailand) Limited ("PM Thailand") of customs duties and excise taxes relating to imports from Indonesia covering the period 2000-2003. On January 26, 2017, the Public Prosecutor filed charges against PM Thailand and its former Thai employee in the Bangkok Criminal Court alleging that PM Thailand and its former employee jointly and with the intention to defraud the Thai government under-declared import prices of cigarettes to avoid full payment of taxes and duties in connection with import entries during the period from January 2002 to July 2003. The government sought a fine of approximately THB
19.8
billion (approximately $
600
million). In May 2017, Thailand enacted a new customs act. The new act, which took effect in November 2017,