potential disputes with buyers, sellers, or partners, as well as other unanticipated problems or liabilities, such as contingent liabilities and litigation. Activities in such areas are regulated by numerous antitrust and competition laws in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere. We have in the past and may in the future be required to obtain approval of these transactions by competition or other regulatory authorities or to satisfy certain legal requirements, and we may be unable to obtain such approvals or satisfy such requirements, each of which may result in additional costs, delays, or our inability to complete such transactions. Any of these factors could prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits of any such transaction and/or could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
We may face additional risks related to divestitures. For example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, execute transactions on favorable terms, separate divested business operations with minimal impact to our remaining operations, and effectively manage any transitional or long-term service arrangements. Further, our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
Accounting adjustments related to acquisitions could adversely affect our financial results.
Given the nature of assets acquired through acquisitions, we may not be able to avoid future impairments of those assets, which may also have a material adverse impact on our future operating results and financial position.
91
Table of Contents
Item 4. Controls and Procedures.
PMI carried out an evaluation, with the participation of PMI’s management, including PMI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of PMI’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, PMI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that PMI’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There have been no changes in PMI’s internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, PMI’s internal control over financial reporting.
Part II - OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.
Legal Proceedings.
See Note 9.
Contingencies
of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I – Item 1 of this report for a discussion of legal proceedings pending against Philip Morris International Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Item 1A.
Risk Factors.
Information regarding Risk Factors appears in “MD&A – Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results,” in Part I – Item 2 of this Form 10-Q and in Part I – Item 1A. Risk