accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:
Acquisitions -
PMI accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting.  PMI allocates the purchase price of an acquired business to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the acquisition date with the excess recorded as Goodwill. The fair value of the applicable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is determined through established valuation techniques, such as the income, cost or market approach. PMI may utilize third-party valuation experts to assist in the fair value determination of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  The determination of fair value requires management to make judgements and may involve the use of significant estimates, including assumptions with respect to estimated projected revenue growth, future cash flows, terminal growth rates, useful economic lives of intangible assets acquired, discount rates, royalty rates and other factors.   Certain acquired intangibles are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and PMI’s intent to continue to support and build the intangible.
Although PMI believes its estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates. Changes in assumptions related to future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on the determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired.
See Item 8, Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
to our consolidated financial statements for details of the critical accounting estimates relevant to the business combinations in the periods presented in this Form 10-K.
32
Revenue Recognition -
We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied.  Our primary performance obligation is the distribution and sales of cigarettes and smoke-free products, including heat-not-burn, e-vapor and oral nicotine products.  Our performance obligations are typically satisfied upon shipment or delivery to our customers.  PMI estimates the cost of sales returns based on historical experience, and these estimates are immaterial.  Estimated costs associated with warranty programs for
IQOS
devices are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized, based on a number of factors, including historical experience, product failure rates and warranty policies.  The transaction price is typically based on the amount billed to the customer and includes estimated variable consideration where applicable.  Such variable consideration is typically not constrained and is estimated based on the most likely amount that PMI expects to be entitled to under the terms of the contracts with customers, historical experience of discount or rebate redemption, where relevant, and the terms of any underlying discount or rebate programs, which may change from time to time as the