widespread outbreaks of acute illness, including COVID-19, supply chain constraints, or for any other reason, could limit our capacity to meet customer demands. Such an event could disrupt our operations; delay production, shipments and revenue; and result in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilities. As a result, we could forgo revenue opportunities and potentially lose market share, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
13
Risks Related to our International Operations
Because we have operations in numerous countries, our results may be adversely impacted by economic, regulatory and political developments, natural disasters, pandemics or conflicts.
Some of the countries in which we operate face the threat of civil unrest and can be subject to regime changes. In others, nationalization, terrorism, conflict and the threats of war or acts of war may have a significant impact on the business environment. Factors beyond our control, such as, without limitation, natural disasters, extreme weather events, pandemics (including COVID-19), economic, political, regulatory, acts of war or threats of war or other developments could disrupt or increase the expenses related to our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities, distribution capabilities, or the energy and other utility services required to operate our factories, warehouses, and other premises. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards might not always be effective to fully mitigate their impact. For example, the global pandemic outbreak of the COVID-19 virus in 2020 created significant societal and economic disruption and the closure of stores, factories and offices, restrictions on manufacturing, distribution and travel, and supply chain disruptions, among other impacts. Additionally, while the supply chains our operations rely on are generally self-contained within their respective trade regions and have limited inflexible trade connections to markets that represent a high tariff risk, a broader increase in tariffs could disrupt our supply chains and increase our costs. Such developments – including the impact of geopolitical disruptions resulting from the conflict in the Middle East and the impact on energy prices and availability in the EU and elsewhere resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia – could cause significant volume declines in our duty-free business and certain other key markets; disrupt or delay our distribution, manufacturing or supply chain; increase currency volatility; increase costs of our materials and operations and lead to loss of property or equipment that are critical to our business in certain markets and difficulty in staffing and managing our operations, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, volumes, revenues, cash flows, financial position, net earnings and profitability. We discuss additional risks associated with Russia's