climate standard and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, the SEC’s rules regarding climate-related disclosures, the California Climate Corporate Accountability Act, the California Greenhouse Gases: Climate-Related Financial Risk Act, the Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures, the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, the EU Taxonomy Regulation, the EU Deforestation Regulation, the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive, CDP, the GHG Protocol, and carbon tax programs in Europe and Canada.
U.S. GAAP Treatment of Highly Inflationary Economies
We apply highly inflationary accounting to the results of operations of our subsidiaries in Argentina, Egypt, Turkey and Lebanon as the cumulative inflation rate in these economies for a three-year period meets or exceeds 100%, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As a result, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in local currencies are remeasured to the U.S. Dollar at each balance sheet date, with remeasurement gains and losses recognized in consolidated statement of earnings.
This impact of currency fluctuations could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, exchange gains (losses) recognized resulting from remeasurement adjustments related to highly inflationary accounting, were not material.
Restructuring Activities
We discuss restructuring activities in Note 16.
Restructuring Activities
to our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Impact of Inflation on Our Business
Like many other global companies, we have experienced inflationary pressures in 2022, 2023, 2024, including: growing pressures on the cost of certain direct materials, wages, energy, transportation, and logistics as well as an increased cost of capital due to interest rate increases driven by the response to increased inflation. In 2025, we expect certain inflationary elements such as direct materials and utilities to stabilize, with a moderate overall increase in inflationary pressures driven by tobacco leaf costs.  The impact of inflation on cost of sales during the first quarter of 2025 was not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements.
73
Table of Contents
Impact of Tariffs on Our Business
The current U.S. and international political environment, including existing and potential changes to U.S. policies related to global trade and tariffs, have resulted in uncertainty surrounding the future state of the global economy.
While the global tariff environment is volatile, as a global company with a broadly diversified production, a worldwide supplier network, including an established U.S. manufacturing base for nicotine pouches, and existing supply chains that are largely self-contained within their respective trade regions, we currently believe we are well-positioned to mitigate potential supply chain challenges and that the changing tariff environment will not