(the "FCTC"), which entered into force in 2005. The main objective of the FCTC is to establish a global agenda for tobacco regulation, with the purpose of reducing tobacco use.  To date, 182 countries and the European Union ("EU") are Parties to the FCTC.  The treaty requires Parties to have in place various tobacco control measures and recommends others. The FCTC governing body, the Conference of the Parties (“CoP”), has also adopted non-binding guidelines and policy recommendations related to certain articles of the FCTC that go beyond the text of the treaty.  In October 2018, the CoP recognized the need for more scientific assessment and improved reporting to define policy on heated tobacco products.  Similar to its previous policy recommendations on e-cigarettes, the CoP invited countries to regulate, restrict or prohibit heated tobacco products, as appropriate under their national laws.
The WHO study group on tobacco product regulation published their ninth report on the scientific basis of tobacco product regulation in August 2023. The report is based on a review of scientific evidence related to novel and emerging nicotine and tobacco products, such as electronic nicotine delivery systems ("ENDS"), electronic non-nicotine delivery systems and HTPs. The report concludes by making a number of policy recommendations on HTPs and ENDS that, if implemented, could restrict both the availability of these products and the access to accurate information about them.
The Tenth Session of the CoP took place in February 2024. No new decisions or policy recommendations on novel and emerging tobacco products were adopted. Specific Guidelines were adopted to address cross-border Tobacco Advertising, Promotion, and Sponsorship (“TAPS”) and the depiction of tobacco in entertainment media.  The Eleventh session of the CoP is currently scheduled to take place in November 2025. The WHO’s reports and other FCTC guidelines or recommendations are not binding on the WHO Member States or on parties to the FCTC.
We believe that when better alternatives to cigarettes exist, the discussion should not be whether these alternatives should be made available to the more than one billion people who smoke cigarettes today, but how fast, and within what regulatory framework to maximize their adoption by adult smokers while minimizing unintended use. Therefore, we advocate for regulatory frameworks that are based on a continuum of risk where non-combustible products fall below combustible cigarettes.  And we believe that regulation and taxation should differentiate between cigarettes and products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking.
Product regulation should include measures that encourage and accelerate switching to non-combustible products, for example, by allowing adult consumers who would otherwise continue smoking cigarettes to receive truthful and