In addition, actions of some market participants, such as the inappropriate marketing of e-vapor products to youth, as well as alleged health consequences associated with the use of certain e-vapor products, may unfavorably impact public opinion and/or mischaracterize the health consequences of all e-vapor products or other SFPs to consumers, regulators and policy makers without regard to the totality of scientific evidence available for specific products. This may impede our efforts to advocate for the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of SFPs. We cannot predict the extent to which regulators will permit the sale and/or marketing of SFPs. Regulatory restrictions could limit the success of our SFPs.
The World Health Organization (the "WHO") study group on tobacco product regulation published their ninth report on the scientific basis of tobacco product regulation in August 2023. The report is based on a review of scientific evidence related to novel and emerging nicotine and tobacco products, such as electronic nicotine delivery systems ("ENDS"), electronic non-nicotine delivery systems and HTPs. The report concludes by making a number of policy recommendations on HTPs and ENDS that, if implemented, could restrict both the availability of these products and the access to accurate information about them. In August 2021, the  Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (the "FCTC") Secretariat published two reports on novel and emerging tobacco products to the Ninth Session of the CoP of the FCTC, which are not materially different from the WHO study group report. Substantive decisions based on these reports were deferred to the Tenth Session of the CoP ("CoP 10"). CoP 10 to the FCTC took place in February 2024. According to reports and decisions published, neither new decisions nor new policy recommendations on novel and emerging tobacco products were adopted. Specific Guidelines were adopted to address cross-border Tobacco Advertising, Promotion, and Sponsorship ("TAPS") and the depiction of tobacco in entertainment media. The Eleventh Session of the CoP is currently scheduled to take place in November 2025.
Reports issued by the WHO and other FCTC guidelines or recommendations are not binding on the WHO Member States or on parties to the FCTC, and so it is not possible to predict the extent to which any proposals it adopts will be implemented. However, the WHO proposals could lead to restrictions on the availability of certain of our SFPs and access to accurate information about them in one or more of our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
Additionally, any claims, regardless of merit, challenging our research and clinical data available to date, may impact the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the commercialization of the SFP category and the commercialization of the SFP category in general.
Our SFPs and commercial