the total purchase price adjustment of $(
107
) million is being amortized as an increase to interest expense, net over the lives of the related debt.
Goodwill is primarily attributable to future growth opportunities, anticipated synergies in the U.S. and intangible assets that did not qualify for separate recognition.  The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.
89
Identifiable intangible assets of Swedish Match consist of:
The significant assumptions used in determining the fair values of the identifiable intangible assets included royalty rates, revenue growth rates, profit margins, customer attrition rates and discount rates.
Trademarks primarily relate to $
3,133
million for the
ZYN
trademark, which has been determined to have an indefinite life due to the fast growth and the leading position of the brand in the U.S. market.  All other trademarks have been determined to have a useful life ranging between
20
-
30
years. The trademarks have been valued using the relief from royalty method supported by revenue growth rate assumptions and royalty rates disaggregated at the individual trademark level.
Developed technology, including patents, relates to the nicotine pouch technology of $
113
million.  These patents have been assigned a useful life of
10
years, which is in line with their protection period and have been valued using the comparable transactions and income methods.
Customer relationships have been valued by categories of customers and geographic locations, namely the U.S. market, Scandinavia, and other markets using the multiple periods excess earnings method. The significant assumptions included customer attrition rates disaggregated at the customer category level, the revenue growth rates, as well as profit margins.
PMI consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022, include $
316
million of net revenues and $(
26
) million of net losses associated with the results of operations of Swedish Match from the acquisition date to December 31, 2022. The operating results of Swedish Match are included in the Europe and Americas segments.
Acquisition related transaction costs, which were comprised primarily of regulatory, financial advisory and legal fees, totaled $
59
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and were included in marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statements of earnings. Bridge and term loan credit agreement related fees associated with the issuance of debt amounted to $
54
million, of which $
37
million were capitalized at the acquisition date.  The fair value of the noncontrolling interest was based on the tender offer as of the acquisition date.
Under the EU Merger Regulation, approval by the European Commission of PMI's acquisition of Swedish Match was conditional on PMHH's divestiture of Swedish Match's subsidiary, SMD Logistics AB ("SMDL"), following the completion of the offer to tender all shares in Swedish Match to PMHH. As a result, these