to
Board Operations and Governance—Committees of the Board
,
Election of Directors—Process for Nominating Directors,
Election of Directors—Director Nominees
,
Stock Ownership Information
and
Availability of Reports, Other Matters and 2026 Annual Meeting—2026 Annual Meeting
sections of the proxy statement.
Item 11.
Executive Compensation.
Refer to
Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Tables,
Compensation of Directors,
and
Pay Ratio
sections of the proxy statement.
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
The number of shares to be issued upon exercise or vesting and the number of shares remaining available for future issuance under PMI’s equity compensation plans at December 31, 2024, were as follows:
1
Represents 4,542,654 shares of common stock that may be issued upon vesting of the restricted share units and 2,700,320 shares that may be issued upon vesting of the performance share units if maximum performance targets are achieved for each performance cycle. PMI has not granted options since the spin-off from Altria on March 28, 2008.
Also refer to
Stock Ownership Information—Ownership of Equity Securities
section
of the proxy statement.
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
Refer to
Related Person Transactions and Code of Conduct
and
Election of Directors—Independence of Nominees
sections of the proxy statement.
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
.
Refer to
Audit and Risk Committee Matters
section of the proxy statement.
150
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
.
(a) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules
Schedules have been omitted either because such schedules are not required or are not applicable.
(b) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Report:
151
152
153
154
155
156
________
*
Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate.
** Schedules and certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) and Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K.
x
Denotes exhibits filed herewith.
The exhibits filed herewith do not include certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of PMI, inasmuch as the total amount of debt authorized under any such instrument does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of PMI on a consolidated basis. PMI agrees, pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, that it will furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request.
157
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Date: February 6, 2025
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jacek Olczak,