of title, PMI’s right to payment for those products and the customer’s ability to direct the use of those products upon receipt.  Typically, PMI’s performance obligations are satisfied and revenue is recognized either upon shipment or delivery of goods.
In certain instances, PMI facilitates shipping and handling activities after control has transferred to the customer.  PMI has elected to record all shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill a contract.  The shipping and handling costs that have not been incurred at the time revenue is recognized are accrued.  PMI is a principal for majority of its arrangements and recognizes revenue at the transaction price, with the associated costs recorded in cost of sales. The transaction price is typically based on the amount billed to the customer and includes estimated variable consideration, where applicable.  Such variable consideration is typically not constrained and is estimated based on the most likely amount that PMI expects to be entitled to under the terms of the contracts with customers, historical experience of discount or rebate redemption, where relevant, and the terms of any underlying discount or rebate programs, which may change from time to time as the business and product categories evolve.
For arrangements where PMI acts as an agent,
the net commission earned is recognized as revenue.  PMI has elected to exclude excise taxes collected from customers from the measurement of the transaction price, thereby presenting revenues net of excise taxes.  Estimated costs associated with warranty programs are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized.
86
Research and Development and Acquired In-Process Research and Development
("IPR&D")
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
In a business combination, the fair value of IPR&D acquired is initially capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets until completion or abandonment of the projects.  Upon completion, a determination as to the useful life is performed and the intangible asset is accounted for as a definite-lived intangible asset.  Both the indefinite and definite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment testing annually or more frequently if indicators exist.  In an asset acquisition, the initial cost to acquire the IPR&D is expensed in the consolidated statements of earnings when the project has no alternative future use.  PMI records these costs within marketing, administration and research costs in its consolidated statements of earnings.
Stock-based compensation
PMI measures compensation cost for all stock-based awards at fair value on date of grant and recognizes the compensation costs over the service periods for awards expected to vest.  PMI’s accounting policy is to estimate the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjust the expense when it is no longer probable that the employee will fulfill the service condition.  For