recognized.  PMI assesses the adequacy of its accrued product warranties and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual experience and changes in future estimates.  Factors that affect product warranties may vary across markets but typically include device version mix, product failure rates, logistics and service delivery costs, and warranty policies.  PMI accounts for its product warranties within other accrued liabilities.
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, these amounts were as follows:
41
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 16.
Restructuring Activities:
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, PMI did
not
record any charges for restructuring activities. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, PMI recorded total pre-tax restructuring charges of $
168
million. The 2024 pre-tax charges were included in marketing, administration and research costs in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings.
Manufacturing Footprint Optimization - Germany
As a result of declining demand for cigarettes and other combustible tobacco products in Europe,
two
of PMI’s German subsidiaries, Philip Morris Manufacturing GmbH and F6 Cigarettenfabrik GmbH & Co. KG, initiated consultations with employee representatives on October 29, 2024, on a proposal to end production in the factories located in Berlin and in Dresden by the end of the second quarter of 2025, and to seek to agree on fair solutions for any impacted employees.
The consultation processes for both of these factories were concluded in April 2025, and PMI estimated that it will incur future pre-tax charges of at least approximately EUR
200
million (approximately $
230
million) (primarily in the second quarter of 2025) as a result of the closure, including employee severance, contract termination and asset impairment costs. The final amount of the charges, as well as the timing of payments, will depend on the separation options selected by impacted employees under the agreement and the evaluation of the potential future use of assets.
IQOS products sourcing for the U.S. market
On February 1, 2024, a subsidiary of PMI entered into a settlement agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) with Nicoventures Trading Limited (“NTV”), an affiliate of British American Tobacco p.l.c. (“BAT”). In accordance with its terms, the parties to the Settlement Agreement filed a joint motion to rescind the limited exclusion order and the cease-and-desist order issued by the International Trade Commission (“ITC”) on September 29, 2021, which was granted on March 11, 2024. Prior to their rescission, the orders prohibited the importation and sales of imported
IQOS
products to the United States of America (for further details of the Settlement Agreement, ITC order and its rescission, see Note 9.
Contingencies
). As a result, PMI has initiated a project in the first quarter of 2024 to restructure the sourcing of
IQOS