recognized subsequent event. The fair value of PMI’s continuing investment in RBH of $
714
million represented the estimated fair value of the underlying business, net of PMI’s best estimate of the share of the aggregate global settlement amount that could be allocated to RBH, and was determined based on an income approach using a discounted cash flow analysis.
In determining the fair value of PMI’s investment in RBH, PMI made various judgements, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which were the discount rate, sales volumes and operating margins related to the fair value of the combustible tobacco product business in Canada. In addition, significant estimates were made with respect to the allocation amount of the aggregate global settlement amount among RBH, ITL and JTIM, as well as the deductibility of the settlement amount payment for income tax purposes in Canada. All significant inputs used in the valuation are classified in Level 3 of fair value hierarchy. Transactions between PMI and RBH are considered to be related-party transactions from the date of deconsolidation and are included in the tables below.
On March 6, 2025, the CCAA court issued a decision approving the Proposed Plan as amended (the "Plan"), for further details, see Note 9.
Contingencies
. PMI evaluated the terms of the Plan, and no indicators of further impairment were identified as a result of this evaluation. PMI records its continuing investment in RBH at its fair value determined as of December 31, 2024, adjusted for currency translation adjustments.
The fair value of PMI’s other equity securities, which have been classified within Level 1, was $
1,104
million at March 31, 2025. Unrealized pre-tax gain (loss) of $
183
million ($
143
million net of tax) on these equity securities was recorded in equity investments and securities (income)/loss, net on the condensed consolidated statements of earnings for the three months ended
39
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
March 31, 2025.
Other related parties:
United Arab Emirates-based Trans-Emirates Trading and Investments (FZC) ("TTI") holds a
33
% non-controlling interest in Philip Morris Misr LLC ("PMM"), an entity incorporated in Egypt which is consolidated in PMI’s financial statements in the SSEA, CIS & MEA segment. PMM sells, under license, PMI brands in Egypt through an exclusive distribution agreement with a local entity that is also controlled by TTI.
Godfrey Phillips India Ltd ("GPI") is one of the non-controlling interest holders in IPM India, which is a
56.3
% owned PMI consolidated subsidiary in the SSEA, CIS & MEA segment. GPI also acts as contract manufacturer and distributor for IPM India.
Financial activity with the above related parties:
PMI’s net revenues and expenses with the above related parties were as follows:
(a)
Net revenues exclude excise taxes and VAT billed to customers.
PMI’s balance