as
Dji Sam Soe
and
Sampoerna A
in Indonesia, and
Fortune
and
Jackpot
in the Philippines.
Source of Funds — Dividends
We are a legal entity separate and distinct from our direct and indirect subsidiaries. Accordingly, our right, and thus the right of our creditors and stockholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary is subject to the prior rights of creditors of such subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of our company itself as a creditor may be recognized. As a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law, including governmental capital and foreign currency exchange controls.
Description of Business
Following the combination and the progress in 2023 toward the integration of the Swedish Match business into PMI's existing regional structure, PMI updated in January 2024 its segment reporting by including the former Swedish Match segment results into the four existing geographical segments. Our four geographical segments are as follows:
•
Europe Region is headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland, and covers all the European Union countries, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and also Ukraine, Moldova and Southeast Europe;
•
South and Southeast Asia, Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East and Africa Region ("SSEA, CIS & MEA") is headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.  It covers South and Southeast Asia, the African continent, the Middle East, Turkey, as well as Israel, Central Asia, Caucasus and Russia;
•
East Asia, Australia, and PMI Duty Free Region ("EA, AU & PMI DF") is headquartered in Hong Kong, and includes the consolidation of our international duty free business with East Asia & Australia; and
•
Americas Region is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, and covers the United States, Canada and Latin America.
Our Wellness and Healthcare ("W&H") segment, which includes the operating results of our Wellness and Healthcare business, remained unchanged in 2024.
Following the sale of Vectura Group Ltd. on December 31, 2024, we will update our segment reporting by including the remaining Wellness & Healthcare results in the Europe segment.  In addition, we will be renaming our “PMI Duty Free” business to “PMI Global Travel Retail” effective in the first quarter of 2025.  As a result of this change, PMI's segment that includes our duty free business will be renamed East Asia, Australia & PMI Global Travel Retail (“EA, AU & PMI GTR”).  As of the first quarter of 2025, our reporting will reflect these changes.
Our total shipment volume, including cigarettes and heated tobacco units, increased by 2.5% in 2024 to 756.6 billion