continuously monitoring a diverse group of major international banks and financial institutions as counterparties.
Other Investments
Certain PMI investments, which are comprised primarily of U.S. dollar denominated bonds in Argentina, have been classified within Level 1 and had a fair value of $
193
million at March 31, 2025. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the gross unrealized pre-tax gains (losses) on these investments were immaterial.
Note 7.
Earnings Per Share:
Basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) were calculated using the following:
(1)
Including rounding adjustment
Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are participating securities and therefore are included in PMI’s earnings per share calculation pursuant to the two-class method.
For the 2025 and 2024 computations, there were
no
antidilutive stock awards.
Note 8.
Segment Reporting:
PMI’s subsidiaries and affiliates are primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes and smoke-free products, including heat-not-burn, e-vapor and oral nicotine products. PMI's segments are organized by geographic region and managed by segment managers who are responsible for the operating and financial results of the regions inclusive of combustible tobacco and smoke-free categories sold in the region. As discussed in Note 1.
Background and Basis of Presentation
, in January 2025, PMI updated its segment reporting by including the former Wellness & Healthcare segment results in the Europe segment. The
four
geographical segments are as follows: Europe Region; South and Southeast Asia, Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East and Africa Region ("SSEA, CIS & MEA"); East Asia, Australia & PMI Global Travel Retail (“EA, AU & PMI GTR”); and Americas Region.
20
Table of Contents
Philip Morris International Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
PMI’s Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") evaluates geographical segment performance based on the regional operating income, which includes results from all product categories sold in each region. The CODM reviews short-term and long-term trends, forecasts, and budget-to-actual variances to assess geographical segment performance and to allocate resources. Interest expense, net, and provision for income taxes are centrally managed and, accordingly, such items are not presented by segment since they are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by management. Information about total assets by segment is not disclosed because such information is not reported to or used by PMI’s CODM. Segment goodwill and other intangible assets, net, are disclosed in Note 5.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net
.  The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Item 8, Note 2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of PMI's Annual Report on Form 10-K