Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. We elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in the Part I, Item 2.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Business Environment
section in this report. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time, except in the normal course of our public disclosure obligations.
Overall
Business Risks
We may be unsuccessful in our attempts to introduce, commercialize, and grow smoke-free products in existing and new markets, and regulators may prohibit or significantly restrict the commercialization of these products or the communication of scientifically substantiated information and claims.
Our key strategic priorities are to: (i) continue developing and commercializing products that present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to smoke-free products versus continued cigarette smoking; and (ii) encourage and educate current adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes to switch to those products. For our efforts to be successful, we must:
We might not succeed in our effort to introduce, commercialize, and grow our SFPs in existing and new markets. If we do not succeed, but others do, or if heat-not-burn products are inequitably regulated compared to other SFP categories without regard to the totality of the scientific evidence available for such products, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. In addition,
79
Table of Contents
actions of some market participants, such as the inappropriate marketing of e-vapor products to youth, as well as alleged health consequences associated with the use of certain e-vapor products, may unfavorably impact public opinion and/or mischaracterize the health consequences of all e-vapor products or other SFPs to consumers, regulators and policy makers without regard to the totality of scientific evidence available for specific products. This may impede our efforts to advocate for the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of SFPs. We cannot predict the extent to which regulators will permit the sale and/or marketing of SFPs. Regulatory restrictions could limit the success of our SFPs.
The World Health Organization (the "WHO") study group on tobacco product regulation published their ninth report on the scientific basis of tobacco product regulation in August 2023. The report