combustible tobacco product-related cases; and (iii) accordingly, no estimated loss has been accrued in the consolidated financial statements for unfavorable outcomes in these cases, if any.
Approval of CCAA Plan and Stay of Combustible Tobacco Product-Related Cases Pending in Canada
As a result of the Court of Appeal of Quebec’s decision in both the
Létourneau
and
Blais
cases described below, our subsidiary, Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc. (“RBH”), and the other defendants, JTI Macdonald Corp. ("JTIM"), and Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited ("ITL"), sought protection in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (“CCAA”) on March 22, March 8, and March 12, 2019, respectively.  CCAA is a Canadian federal law that permits a Canadian business to restructure its affairs while carrying on its business in the ordinary course.  The initial CCAA order made by the Ontario Superior Court on March 22, 2019 authorizes RBH to pay all expenses incurred in carrying on its business in the ordinary course after the CCAA filing, including obligations to employees, vendors, and suppliers. RBH's financial results have been deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements since March 22, 2019.
As part of the CCAA proceedings, there is currently a comprehensive stay up to and including the Effective Date (defined below) of all combustible tobacco product-related litigation pending in Canada against RBH and the other defendants, including PMI and our indemnitees (PM USA and Altria), namely, the smoking and health class actions filed in various Canadian provinces and health care cost recovery actions.  These proceedings are presented below under the caption “
Stayed Litigation — Canada
.” Ernst & Young Inc. has been appointed as monitor of RBH in the CCAA proceedings.
While RBH believes that the findings of liability and damages in both
Létourneau
and the
Blais
cases were incorrect, the CCAA proceedings provided a forum for RBH to seek resolution through a plan of arrangement or compromise of all combustible tobacco product-related litigation pending in Canada. On October 17, 2024, the court-appointed mediator and monitor in the CCAA proceedings filed a proposed plan of compromise and arrangement (“Proposed Plan”) setting forth, among other things, certain terms of a proposed comprehensive resolution of Canadian tobacco claims and related litigation against RBH, its affiliates, and its affiliates’ indemnitees. The court-appointed mediator and monitors also filed substantially similar proposed plans for ITL and JTIM. The issue of allocation of the CAD
32.5
billion aggregate settlement amount among RBH, ITL, and JTIM ("Allocation Issue") was unresolved in the Proposed Plan.
On January 15, 2025, RBH’s court-appointed mediator and monitor filed a motion seeking an order by the CCAA court approving and sanctioning the Proposed Plan and authorizing and directing the monitor, among others, to take all steps and actions necessary