product packaging text related to reduced risk, and the introduction of notification requirements or authorization procedures in advance of commercialization.
In February 2024, the European Commission published an updated implementation roadmap to Europe's Beating Cancer Plan (the "Plan"). Further developments concerning a revision of TPD are expected during the mandate of the European Commission that took office in December 2024.
In May 2024, the EU-wide systems of traceability and security features for tobacco products were extended to include tobacco products other than cigarettes and roll-your-own tobacco products. As such, all tobacco products are covered by the traceability system.
EU Tobacco Excise Directive ("TED")
: The EU Commission is preparing a legislative proposal for the revision of the 2011 EU Tobacco Excise Directive that may include definitions and tax treatment for novel tobacco and nicotine-containing products, including heated tobacco products, e-cigarettes and nicotine pouches. The timeline for the revision has not been announced. Any final amendments to TED require unanimous agreement by all EU Member States, followed by transposition of TED into national legislation.
Plain Packaging and Other Packaging Restrictions
: Plain packaging legislation bans the use of branding, logos and colors on packaging other than the brand name and variant that may be printed only in specified locations and in a uniform font. To date, plain packaging laws have been adopted in certain markets in all of our operating segments, including the key markets of Australia, France, Saudi Arabia and Turkey. Some countries, such as Canada, Denmark and Israel, adopted plain packaging regulations that apply to all tobacco products, including SFPs.  Other countries are also considering plain packaging legislation.
Some countries have adopted, or are considering adopting, packaging restrictions that could have an impact similar to plain packaging.  Examples of such restrictions include standardizing the shape and size of packages, prohibiting certain colors or the use of certain descriptive phrases on packaging, and requiring very large graphic health warnings that leave little space for branding.
Restrictions and Bans on the Use of Ingredients
: The WHO and others in the public health community have recommended restrictions or total bans on the use of some or all ingredients in both combustible and SFPs, including menthol.  Broad restrictions and ingredient bans would require us to reformulate our American blend tobacco products, which could reduce our ability to differentiate these products in the market in the long term.  In many countries, menthol or flavor bans would eliminate entire product categories.
58
The EU banned cigarettes and roll-your-own tobacco products with characterizing flavors. Other tobacco products are currently exempted under EU TPD from this characterizing flavor ban. This was also the case for heated tobacco products until November