monitor, removes certain elements of control of the business from both PMI and RBH. As a result, PMI determined that it no longer had a controlling financial interest over RBH as defined in ASC 810 (Consolidation), and deconsolidated RBH as of the date of the CCAA filing.
Since the deconsolidation of RBH on March 22, 2019, PMI has accounted for its continuing investment in RBH in accordance with ASC 321 (Investments-Equity Securities) as an equity security, without readily determinable fair value, and recorded its continuing investment in RBH at fair value of $
3,280
million, which included the estimated settlement amount at the date of deconsolidation, within equity investments.
On October 17, 2024, the court-appointed mediator and monitor in the CCAA proceedings filed a proposed plan of compromise and arrangement (“Proposed Plan”) setting forth, among other things, certain terms of a proposed comprehensive resolution of Canadian tobacco claims and related litigation. Under the resolution contemplated by the Proposed Plan, RBH, Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited ("ITL") and JTI Macdonald Corp ("JTIM") would pay an aggregate global settlement amount of CAD
32.5
billion (approximately $
22.3
billion). A significant determinative factor in the analysis of impairment indicators was the issue of allocation of CAD
32.5
billion aggregate settlement amount among RBH, ITL, and JTIM which remained unresolved at the time of filing.
There has been no agreed allocation under the Proposed Plan and there has been no ruling from the CCAA court on the matter. On January 24, 2025, RBH filed an objection to approval of the Proposed Plan with the CCAA court (for further details, see Note 18.
Contingencies
). Developments, including the positions taken by RBH in this objection and the positions taken by other parties in related filings narrowed the range of possible outcomes with respect to the allocation of the aggregate settlement amount of CAD
32.5
billion among RBH, ITL, and JTIM, which was determined to be an indicator that PMI’s investment in RBH may be impaired. Although there remains some uncertainty as to the final terms of the Proposed plan, PMI evaluated its investment in RBH for potential impairment and concluded that the estimated fair value of its investment in RBH was lower than its carrying value. As a result, PMI performed a quantitative valuation of its investment in RBH as of December 31, 2024, and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $
2,316
million in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024, as a recognized subsequent event. The fair value of PMI’s continuing investment in RBH of $
714
million represented the estimated fair value of the underlying business, net of PMI’s best estimate of the share of the aggregate global settlement amount that could be allocated to RBH, and was determined based on an income approach using a discounted cash flow analysis.
In determining the fair value of PMI’s investment in