related to the unremitted earnings of PMI's Russian subsidiaries due to the unilateral suspension of certain Russian double tax treaties by the Russian authorities on August 8, 2023, with respect to certain payments including dividends; (ii) the non-deductible Wellness and Healthcare goodwill impairment charge and (iii) an increase in foreign tax credit limitation related to GILTI, partially offset by changes in earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction.
109
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to deferred income tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following:
At December 31, 2024, PMI recorded deferred tax assets for net operating loss, tax credit, and other carryforwards of $
912
million, with varying dates of expiration, primarily after 2029, including $
381
million with an unlimited carryforward period. At December 31, 2024, PMI has recorded a valuation allowance of $
1,130
million against deferred tax assets that do not meet the more-likely-than not recognition threshold.
At December 31, 2023, PMI recorded deferred tax assets for net operating loss, tax credit, and other carryforwards of $
501
million, with varying dates of expiration, primarily after 2028, including $
274
million with an unlimited carryforward period. At December 31, 2023, PMI has recorded a valuation allowance of $
369
million against deferred tax assets that do not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold.
Segment Reporting:
PMI’s subsidiaries and affiliates are primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes and smoke-free products, including heat-not-burn, e-vapor and oral nicotine products.  Excluding the Wellness and Healthcare segment, PMI's segments are generally organized by geographic region and managed by segment managers who are responsible for the operating and financial results of the regions inclusive of combustible tobacco and smoke-free product categories sold in the region. As discussed in Note 1.
Background and Basis of Presentation
, in January 2024, PMI updated its segment reporting by including the former Swedish Match segment results into the
four
existing geographical segments. The
four
geographical segments are as follows: Europe Region; South and Southeast Asia, Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East and Africa Region ("SSEA, CIS & MEA"); East Asia, Australia, and PMI Duty Free Region ("EA, AU & PMI DF"); and Americas Region. The Wellness and Healthcare segment remains unchanged.
PMI’s Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") evaluates geographical segment performance based on the regional operating income, which includes results from all product categories sold in each region, excluding Wellness and Healthcare products. Business operations in the Wellness and Healthcare segment are evaluated separately. The CODM reviews short-term and long-term trends, forecasts, and budget-to-actual variances to assess geographical segment performance and to allocate resources.