interest, and declaratory and injunctive relief (including a declaration that the acquisition of Swedish Match North America LLC by PMI is unlawful and must result in divestiture or be enjoined).  On January 15, 2025, Swedish Match North America LLC filed a motion to dismiss the complaint with prejudice. Subsequently thereto, Plaintiff informed Swedish Match North America LLC that he will file an amended complaint, which is due on February 10, 2025 At this time, no estimated loss has been accrued in the consolidated financial statements for this proceeding and we cannot determine the likelihood of loss, or reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, from this proceeding.
The Department of Special Investigations of the government of Thailand ("DSI") conducted an investigation into alleged underpayment by Philip Morris (Thailand) Limited ("PM Thailand") of customs duties and excise taxes relating to imports from Indonesia covering the period 2000-2003. On January 26, 2017, the Public Prosecutor filed charges against PM Thailand and its former Thai employee in the Bangkok Criminal Court alleging that PM Thailand and its former employee jointly and with the intention to defraud the Thai government under-declared import prices of cigarettes to avoid full payment of taxes and duties in connection with import entries during the period from January 2002 to July 2003. The government sought a fine of approximately THB
19.8
billion (approximately $
584
million). In May 2017, Thailand enacted a new customs act. The new act, which took effect in November 2017, substantially limits the amount of fines that Thailand could seek in these proceedings.  PM Thailand believes that its declared import prices are in compliance with the Customs Valuation Agreement of the World Trade Organization and Thai law, and that the allegations of the Public Prosecutor are inconsistent with several decisions already taken by Thai Customs and a Thai court. Trial in the case began in November 2018 and concluded in December 2019.  In March 2020, the trial court found our subsidiary guilty of under-declaration of the prices and imposed a fine of approximately THB
130
million (approximately $
3.9
million).  The trial court dismissed all charges against the individual defendant. In April 2020, as required by Thai law, our subsidiary paid the fine. This payment is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and negatively impacted net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the period of payment. Our subsidiary filed an appeal of the trial court's decision.  In addition, the Public Prosecutor filed an appeal of the trial court's decision challenging the dismissal of charges against the individual defendant and the amount of the fine imposed. The appellate court issued its decision on the appeals on January 31, 2023.  The appellate court affirmed the findings of under-declaration of import prices of cigarettes but reduced the