selects to commercialize in the U.S. KT&G’s new platform products are expected to be launched first outside the U.S. Thereafter, the partners plan to work on a PMTA submission for review by the U.S. FDA, in accordance with the memorandum.
Equity Investments
We discuss our equity investments in Item 8, Note 6.
Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other
to our consolidated financial statements.
Trade Policy
PMI complies with all applicable trade restrictions and requirements, including sanctions, in the markets in which it operates. We have taken appropriate actions in response to the latest sanctions to ensure full compliance with the relevant restrictions.
We are subject to various trade restrictions imposed by the U.S., the EU, Switzerland, the U.K., and other jurisdictions in which we do business (“Trade Sanctions”), including the trade and economic sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and the U.S. Department of State. It is our policy to comply fully with these Trade Sanctions.
Pursuant to specific exemptions or licenses, or where sanctions do not apply to our business, PMI may make sales in countries subject to Trade Sanctions.
We do not do business or sell products in Belarus, Iran, North Korea or Syria.
We sell cigarettes in Cuba under a distribution agreement. These sales are permitted by U.S. law under a License Exception for Agricultural Commodities, issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce (Bureau of Industry and Security), and specifically granted to our distributor.
Certain states within the U.S. have enacted legislation permitting or requiring state pension funds to divest or abstain from future investment in stocks of companies that do business with certain countries that are sanctioned by the U.S. Because we do business in certain of these countries, consistent with our policy to fully comply with Trade Sanctions and as described above, these state pension funds may have divested of our stock or may not invest in our stock. We do not believe such legislation has had a material effect on the price of our shares.
Following the start of the conflict in Ukraine on February 24, 2022, the U.S., the EU, the U.K., Switzerland, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea, Japan and other countries introduced extensive economic sanctions and export controls in relation
67
to Russia. While the introduced sanctions vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, they are largely aligned. The restrictions target, among others, the Russian financial, banking, oil, military, aviation and marine sectors. The U.S. has also introduced a prohibition on new investment in the Russian Federation by a U.S. person, wherever located, and authorized the imposition of blocking sanctions on anyone operating in the Russian manufacturing sector. Among sanctions targets are Russian political figures and military personnel, certain oligarchs and journalists, and companies operating in