e-cigarettes and heat-not-burn products and noted that e-cigarettes should remain the least taxed, cigarettes the most taxed, with heat-not-burn products falling between the two. The U.K. Committee on Advertising Practice announced the removal of a prohibition of health claims in the advertising of e-cigarettes in the U.K., effective November 2018.
In November 2018, the Eurasian Economic Commission (regulatory body of the Eurasian Union consisting of Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Russia) published the results of its commissioned study on novel nicotine-containing products, including
IQOS
. The study confirms significantly lower levels of HPHCs in the aerosol generated by this product compared to cigarette smoke.
In January 2019, scientific media published the results of the study of the China National Tobacco Quality Supervision and Test Centre (“CNTQST”) comparing the aerosol generated by
IQOS
with cigarette smoke. The CNTQST found that the former contained fewer, and lower levels of, harmful constituents than the latter and concluded that the lower temperature of heating tobacco in
IQOS
contributed to the difference. The CNTQST stated that the reduction in emissions of harmful constituents cannot be interpreted as a harm/risk reduction for cigarette smokers in the same proportion.
In April 2020, the Superior Health Council of Belgium (“SHC”) published results of its inquiry into heat-not-burn products. The SHC concluded that heat-not-burn products, while not safe, have a more favorable toxicity profile than cigarettes.  However, in light of the uncertainty of such products’ short and long-term impacts, the toxic effects of the dual use with cigarettes, and the existence of approved smoking cessation tools, the SHC recommended that current regulations for cigarettes should apply to heat-not-burn products.
In June 2022, the SHC published new advice on e-cigarettes in which they confirm that e-cigarettes are substantially less harmful than smoking cigarettes and, therefore, a better alternative for smokers. The SHC underlines that the vast majority of the risks of tobacco smoking are not caused by nicotine, but by the harmful substances that are released by the combustion of tobacco. Based on the cited science, the SHC calls for legislation that makes a clear distinction between cigarettes and e-cigarettes by focusing on better informing smokers about the benefits of the lower-risk (but not risk-free) alternative, as well as on protecting non-smokers and young people.
The foregoing scientific findings of government agencies may not be indicative of the measures that the relevant government authorities could take in regulating our products.
Legal Challenges to SFPs
We face various administrative and legal challenges related to certain SFP activities, including allegations concerning product classification; advertising, distribution and sales restrictions; corporate communications; product coach activities; scientific substantiation;