low-price brands, and the volume of our premium-price and mid-price brands and our profitability could be materially adversely impacted as a result. Such down-trading trends may be reinforced by regulation that limits branding, communication and product differentiation. In addition to economic uncertainty (including recessions and inflation) unusual weather events and global or local epidemics, endemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19) has and may change the preferences of our adult consumers and lower demand for our products, particularly for our mid-price or premium-price brands.
Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, maintain sufficient production capacity, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix.
Our profit growth may be materially adversely impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or enter new markets successfully, to meet the demand for our products with increased production capacity, to raise prices, or to improve the proportion of our sales of higher margin products and in higher margin geographies.
We may be unable to expand our brand portfolio through acquisitions or the development of strategic business relationships, and the intended benefits from our investments may not materialize.
One element of our growth strategy is to expand our brand portfolio and market positions through selective acquisitions and the development of strategic business relationships. Acquisition and strategic business development opportunities are limited and present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and/or anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses or enter into strategic business relationships on favorable terms ahead of our competitors, or that such acquisitions or strategic business development relationships will be accretive to earnings or improve our competitive position. In addition, we may not have a controlling position in certain strategic investments or relationships, which could impact the extent to which the intended financial growth and other benefits from these investments or relationships may ultimately materialize.
Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation.
To be successful, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent and organizational design with our increasingly complex business needs, and innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business.  We compete for talent, including in areas that are relatively new to us such as digital, information technology, and life sciences, with companies in the consumer products, technology, pharmaceutical and other sectors that enjoy