free products.
Net revenues related to smoke-free, excluding wellness and healthcare, refer to the operating revenues generated from the sale of these products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes, if applicable. These net revenue amounts consist of the sale our products that are not combustible tobacco products, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral products, as well as consumer accessories.
Net revenues related to wellness and healthcare consist of operating revenues generated from the sale of products primarily associated with inhaled therapeutics, and oral and intra-oral delivery systems that are included in the operating results of our Wellness and Healthcare business.
PMI's heat-not-burn products include licensed KT&G heat-not-burn products.
References to "Cost/Other" in the Consolidated Financial Summary table of total PMI and the five segments throughout this
"Discussion and Analysis"
reflects the currency and acquisition-neutral variances of: cost of sales (excluding the volume/mix cost component); marketing, administration and research costs (including restructuring charges); and amortization and impairment of intangibles.  “Cost/Other” also includes the currency and acquisition-neutral net revenue variance, unrelated to volume/mix and price components, attributable to: fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets in the SSEA, CIS & MEA Region, the revenue adjustment for the termination of a distribution arrangement in the Middle East.
37
Our consolidated shipment volume is shown in the table below:
Note: Sum may not foot due to rounding
Following the deconsolidation of our Canadian subsidiary, we continue to report the volume and corresponding royalty revenues of brands sold by RBH for which other PMI subsidiaries are the trademark owners. These include
HEETS
,
Next
,
Philip Morris
and
Rooftop
.  The volume and corresponding royalty revenues of these brands sold by RBH were not material to PMI for all periods presented.
Heated tobacco units ("HTUs") is the term we use to refer to heated tobacco consumables, which include our
BLENDS
,
DELIA
,
HEETS
,
HEETS Creations
(defined collectively as
HEETS
),
SENTIA
,
TEREA,
TEREA CRAFTED and TEREA Dimensions,
as well as the KT&G-licensed brands,
Fiit
and
Miix
(outside of South Korea). HTUs also include zero tobacco heat-not-burn consumables (
LEVIA
).
Oral smoke-free product volume excludes snuff, snuff leaf and U.S. chew and is measured in cans or, for the purposes of total shipment volumes, in pouches or pouch equivalents.
Oral smoke-free products conversion: (i) nicotine pouches: 15 pouches per can in the U.S. and approximately 20 pouches per can outside the U.S.; (ii) snus products: weighted average 21 pouches equivalent per can; (iii) moist snuff products: weighted average 17 pouches equivalent per can; (iv) tobacco bits products: weighted average 30 pouches equivalent per can;