and Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Operating Results by Business Segment—Business Environment—Governmental Investigations
for a description of certain governmental investigations to which we are subject.
We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, and disputes relating to intellectual property rights could harm our business.
Our intellectual property rights are valuable assets, their protection is important to our business, and that protection may not be equally available in every country in which we operate or in which our products are sold. If the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights globally, including through applying for, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing, where relevant, a combination of trademark, design, copyright, patent, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, are inadequate, or if others infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights, notwithstanding legal protection, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Moreover, failing to manage our existing and/or future intellectual property may place us at a competitive disadvantage.  Intellectual property rights of third parties may limit our ability to develop, manufacture and/or commercialize our products in one or more markets. Competitors or other third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights. Any such claims, regardless of merit, could divert management’s attention, be costly, disruptive, time-consuming and unpredictable and expose us to significant litigation costs and damages, and may impede our ability to develop, manufacture and/or commercialize new or existing SFPs and improve our products, and thus have a material adverse effect on our revenues and our profitability. In addition, if, as a result, we are unable to manufacture or sell our SFPs or improve their quality in one or more markets, our ability to convert adult smokers to our SFPs in such markets would be adversely affected. See Item 8, Note 18.
Contingencies—Other Litigation
to our consolidated financial statements for a description of certain intellectual property proceedings.
The research, development, and commercialization of non-recreational cannabinoid products subjects the Company to legal, regulatory, reputational and other risks.
Our Wellness and Healthcare business is researching, developing, and exploring the commercialization of medical and pharmaceutical cannabinoids and non-recreational cannabinoid products (including CBD). Our Wellness and Healthcare business currently anticipates pursuing these activities in select non-U.S. markets. While we will undertake the activities in a manner consistent with all applicable requirements, successful commercialization is dependent on compliance with a constantly evolving legal and regulatory environment, and subject us to various legal, reputational