from its Turkish partners, Sabanci Holding for a total acquisition price including transaction costs and remaining dividend entitlements of approximately $
223
million. As a result of this acquisition, PMI owned
100
% of these Turkish subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. The purchase of the remaining stakes in these holdings resulted in a decrease to PMI's additional paid-in capital of $
30
million and an increase to accumulated other comprehensive losses of $
171
million primarily following the reclassification of accumulated currency translation losses from noncontrolling interests to PMI’s accumulated other comprehensive losses during the first quarter of 2022.
In January 2023, PMI sold the acquired stakes of its holdings in PMTM and PMPS to Pioneers Tutun Yatirim Anonim Sirketi (“Pioneers”) for a consideration of approximately $
258
million, including transaction costs and dividend entitlements.  The sale resulted in an increase to PMI's additional paid-in capital of $
36
million and a decrease to accumulated other comprehensive losses of $
179
million, following the reclassification of accumulated other comprehensive losses from PMI’s accumulated other comprehensive losses to noncontrolling interests.
War in Ukraine:
Since the onset of the war in Ukraine in February 2022, PMI's main priority has been the safety and security of its employees and their families in the country.
Ukraine
PMI temporarily suspended its commercial and manufacturing operations in Ukraine, including the closing of its factory in Kharkiv at the end of February 2022, in order to preserve the safety of its employees. PMI subsequently resumed commercial activities in select locations where safety allowed, in order to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, and began to supply the market from production centers outside Ukraine, as well as through a contract manufacturing arrangement.  Production at the factory in Kharkiv remains suspended.   PMI is not aware of any major damage to its production facilities, inventories or other assets in Ukraine. On June 20, 2023, PMI announced the investment of $
30
million in a new production facility in the Lviv region, in Western Ukraine. In the fourth quarter of 2023, as a result of the completion of certain preparatory work for this new production facility, PMI recorded impairment of certain long-lived assets. The new production facility was completed at the end of the first quarter of 2024 and local production commenced in April 2024. As of December 31, 2024, PMI’s Ukrainian operations had approximately $
562
million in total assets, excluding intercompany balances.  These total assets included $
105
million and $
396
million in receivables and inventories, respectively.
91
Russia
PMI has suspended its planned investments in the Russian Federation including all new product launches and commercial, innovation, and manufacturing investments. PMI has also taken steps to scale down its manufacturing operations in