well as other unanticipated problems or liabilities, such as contingent liabilities and litigation. Activities in such areas are regulated by numerous antitrust and competition laws in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere. We have in the past and may in the future be required to obtain approval of these transactions by competition or other regulatory authorities or to satisfy certain legal requirements, and we may be unable to obtain such approvals or satisfy such requirements, each of which may result in additional costs, delays, or our inability to complete such transactions. Any of these factors could prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits of any such transaction and/or could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
We may face additional risks related to divestitures. For example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, execute transactions on favorable terms, separate divested business operations with minimal impact to our remaining operations, and effectively manage any transitional or long-term service arrangements. Further, our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
Accounting adjustments related to acquisitions could adversely affect our financial results.
Given the nature of assets acquired through acquisitions, we may not be able to avoid future impairments of those assets, which may also have a material adverse impact on our future operating results and financial position.
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C.    Cybersecurity.
PMI relies heavily on the availability, reliability, and security of our information systems, networks, data, and intellectual property to, among other things, help manage our business processes and operations, collect and interpret data, and communicate internally and externally with employees, suppliers, consumers and customers, and business partners. We have a cross-functional cybersecurity risk program developed using standard industry practices, which monitors and manages cybersecurity threats to our business and information systems. We invest in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, including continuity planning, to enhance resilience on our core processes, to maintain information security protections of our data and to safeguard the privacy of consumers, customers, employees and business partners. As of the date of this Form 10-K, cybersecurity threats have not materially affected
our business, financial condition, or operating results.
Risk Management and Strategy
Our cybersecurity risk program, managed by our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) and the information security team, is conducted under our enterprise risk management framework and operates on a risk-based approach in assessing risks from cybersecurity threats
, as