collectively referred to as "derivative contracts". PMI is not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by policy, does not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Substantially all of PMI's derivative financial instruments are subject to master netting arrangements, whereby the right to offset occurs in the event of default by a participating party. While these contracts contain the enforceable right to offset through close-out netting rights, PMI elects to present them on a gross basis in the consolidated balance sheets. Collateral associated with these arrangements is in the form of cash and is unrestricted. Changes in collateral posted are included in cash flows from investing activities and changes in collateral received are included in cash flows from financing activities. Financial instruments qualifying for hedge accounting must maintain a specified level of effectiveness between the hedging instrument and the item being hedged, both at inception and throughout the hedged period.  PMI formally documents the nature and relationships between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk-management objectives, strategies for undertaking the various hedge transactions and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. Additionally, for hedges of forecasted transactions, the significant characteristics and expected terms of the forecasted transaction must be specifically identified, and it must be probable that each forecasted transaction will occur.  If it were deemed probable that the forecasted transaction would not occur, the gain or loss would be recognized in earnings.
122
The gross notional amounts for outstanding derivatives as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, were as follows:
The fair value of PMI’s derivative contracts included in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, were as follows:
PMI assesses the fair value of its derivative contracts using standard valuation models that use, as their basis, readily observable market inputs.  The fair value of PMI’s foreign exchange forward contracts, foreign currency swaps and interest rate contracts is determined by using the prevailing foreign exchange spot rates and interest rate differentials, and the respective maturity dates of the instruments.  The fair value of PMI’s currency options is determined by using a Black-Scholes methodology based on foreign
123
exchange spot rates and interest rate differentials, currency volatilities and maturity dates. The fair value of PMI’s commodity contracts is determined by using the prevailing market spot and futures prices and the respective maturity dates of the instruments. PMI’s derivative contracts have been classified within Level 2 at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, PMI's derivative contracts impacted the consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive earnings as follows:
(a)
The gains (losses) from these contracts are offset by the