other assets will remain intact. These developments have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in further impairment charges.
The conflict also continues to elevate the likelihood of supply chain disruptions, both in the region and globally, and may inhibit our ability to timely source materials and services needed to make and sell our products. For example, historically we sourced certain finished goods, production materials and components from both Russia and Ukraine, including printed materials and filters, and the invasion has, and may continue to, disrupt the availability of and impact our supply chain for these materials. These disruptions, to the extent we are unable to find alternative sources or otherwise address these supply constraints, may impact the availability and cost of our products in other markets, which would adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in impairment charges. Furthermore, the imposition of various restrictions on transactions with parties from certain jurisdictions, the ban on exports of various products, and other economic and financial restrictions may adversely affect certain third parties with which we do business in Russia, such as customers, suppliers, intermediaries, service providers and banks.
The broader consequences of the invasion are also impossible to predict, but could include reputational consequences, further sanctions, financial or currency restrictions, punitive tax law changes, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts as well as adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, currency exchange rates, and financial markets. Given the nature of our business and global operations, such geo-political instability and uncertainty could increase the costs of our materials and operations; reduce demand for our products; have a negative impact on our supply chains, manufacturing capabilities, or distribution capabilities; increase our exposure to currency fluctuations; constrain our liquidity or our ability to access capital markets; create staffing or operations difficulties; or subject us to increased cyber-attacks. While we will continue to monitor this fluid situation and develop contingency plans as necessary to address any disruptions to our business operations as they develop, the extent of the conflict’s effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted.
The conflict may also heighten many other risks disclosed in this Form 10-K, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Such risks could affect, without limitation, the achievement of our strategic priorities, including achievement of our smoke-free business growth targets; the availability of third-party manufacturing resources; the