and equipment are stated at historical cost and depreciated primarily using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  Machinery and equipment are depreciated primarily over periods ranging from
3
to
15
years, and buildings and building improvements primarily over periods up to
40
years.
Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives.  For further details, see Note 5.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net
.
Employee benefit plans
PMI provides a range of benefits to its employees and retired employees, including pensions, postretirement health care and postemployment benefits (primarily severance).  PMI records annual amounts relating to these plans based on calculations specified under U.S. GAAP.  PMI recognizes the funded status of its defined pension and postretirement plans on the consolidated balance sheets.  The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plans assets and the benefit obligation.  PMI measures the plan assets and liabilities at the end of the fiscal year.  For defined benefit pension plans, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation.  For the postretirement health care plans, the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.  Any plan with an overfunded status is recognized as an asset, and any plan with an underfunded status is recognized as a liability.  Any gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as a component of net periodic benefit costs are recorded as a component of other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred taxes.  PMI elects to recognize actuarial gains/(losses) using the corridor approach.
Fair value measurements
PMI follows ASC 820,
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
with respect to assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value.  The guidance defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  The guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.  The guidance describes three levels of input that may be used to measure fair value.  Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 are unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  Categorization within the