U.S. and international government bonds;
14
% are invested in corporate bonds and
16
% are invested in real estate.
(b)
In accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 820-10, certain investments measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statement of financial position.
(c)
Amount relates to annuity policies of which the fair value is calculated using an actuarial model.
(a)
Investment funds whose objective seeks to replicate the returns and characteristics of specified market indices (primarily MSCI — Europe, Switzerland, North America, Asia Pacific, Japan, Emerging Markets for equities, and FTSE EMU, FTSE Non-EGBI EuroBIG, SBI AAA-BBB and JP Morgan EMBI for bonds), primarily consist of mutual funds, common trust funds and commingled funds. Of these funds,
57
% were invested in U.S. and international equities;
15
% were invested in U.S. and international government bonds;
15
% were invested in corporate bonds, and
13
% were invested in real estate.
(b)
In accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 820-10, certain investments measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statement of financial position.
(c)
Amount relates to annuity policies of which the fair value is calculated using an actuarial model.
118
For a description of the fair value hierarchy and the three levels of inputs used to measure fair values, see Note 2
. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
.
PMI makes, and plans to make, contributions, to the extent that they are tax deductible and meet specific funding requirements of its funded pension plans. Currently, PMI anticipates making contributions of approximately $
161
million in 2025 to its pension plans, based on current tax and benefit laws. However, this estimate is subject to change as a result of changes in tax and other benefit laws, as well as asset performance significantly above or below the assumed long-term rate of return on pension assets, or changes in interest and currency rates.
The estimated future benefit payments from PMI pension plans at December 31, 2024, are as follows:
PMI's expected future annual benefit payments for its postretirement health care plans are estimated to be not material through 2034.
Postemployment Benefit Plans
PMI and certain of its subsidiaries sponsor postemployment benefit plans covering certain designated salaried and hourly employees. The cost of these plans is charged to expense over the working life of the covered employees. Net postemployment costs were $
238
million, $
213
million and $
184
million for the years ended December 31,