million and lower fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets, both included in "Cost/Other" in the table above.
Operating income decreased by 18.8%. Operating income, excluding currency and acquisitions, decreased by 2.0%, primarily reflecting: higher marketing, administration and research costs; higher manufacturing costs (primarily due to inflationary impacts); unfavorable volume/mix, mainly due to an unfavorable cigarette volume impact and unfavorable cigarette mix, partly offset by higher HTU volume; and the termination of a distribution arrangement, coupled with the impact of lower fees for certain distribution rights, as noted for net revenues; as well as the 2023 charge related to the termination of a pledge agreement with the Foundation for a Smoke-Free World of $41 million and the 2023 charges for restructuring charges of $32 million.  The decrease was partially offset by the favorable pricing variance and a favorable comparison to 2022 related to costs associated with the Swedish Match AB offer of $33 million.
SSEA, CIS & MEA - Total Market, PMI Shipment Volume and Market Share Commentaries
The estimated total market for cigarettes and HTUs in the Region decreased by approximately 2% to 1,528.6 billion units, due to a decline for cigarettes. The decrease in the estimated total market was predominantly due to Egypt (down by 20.8%) and Pakistan (down by 35.1%), partly offset by Turkey (up by 17.7%).
Our Regional market share increased by 0.8 points to 23.4%.
50
Our total cigarette and HTU shipment volume in the Region increased by 1.3% to 358.2 billion units, mainly driven by Turkey (up by 23.0%), partly offset by the Philippines (down by 26.2%).  Our estimated HTU adjusted in-market sales volume increased by 8.2% including limited growth in Russia.
EA, AU & PMI DF:
Net revenues increased by 4.5%. Net revenues, excluding currency and acquisitions, increased by 11.2%, reflecting: favorable volume/mix, mainly driven by higher HTU volume, partly offset by lower cigarette volume and unfavorable smoke-free mix (for HTUs and devices); and a favorable pricing variance, driven by higher combustible tobacco and device pricing, partly offset by lower HTU (net) pricing (primarily related to Japan).
Operating income increased by 4.7%. Operating income, excluding currency and acquisitions, increased by 21.0%, mainly reflecting favorable volume/mix, primarily driven by higher HTU volume, partly offset by lower cigarette volume and unfavorable HTU mix; the favorable pricing variance; lower supply chain costs (primarily related to Japan); and a favorable comparison to 2022 related to costs associated with the Swedish Match AB offer ($24 million). The increase was partly offset by the 2023 charge related to the South Korea indirect tax ($204 million), the 2023 charge related to the termination of a pledge agreement with the Foundation for a Smoke-Free World ($24 million) and the 2023 charges for restructuring charges ($19