classify leaf tobacco inventory as a current asset, although part of such inventory, because of the duration of the aging process, ordinarily would not be utilized within one year.
Leases
PMI determines that a contract contains a lease if the contract conveys a right to control the use of the identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  Finance lease expense is amortized based on production activity or the lease term.   Lease expense is recorded in cost of sales or marketing, administration and research costs depending on the nature of the leased item.  At lease commencement, PMI recognizes lease liabilities and the corresponding right-of-use assets (at the present value of future payments) for predominately all of its leases.  The recognition of the right-of-use asset and lease liability includes renewal options when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.  Certain of PMI’s leases include payments that are based on changes to an index or on actual usage.  These lease payments are adjusted periodically and are included within variable lease costs.  PMI accounts for lease and nonlease components as a single-lease component with the exception of its vehicle leases, of which PMI accounts for the lease components separately from the nonlease components. Additionally, leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not included in the right-of-use asset or lease liability on the consolidated statement of financial position.
Marketing costs
PMI supports its products with advertising, adult consumer engagement and trade promotions.  Such programs include, but are not limited to, discounts, rebates, in-store display incentives, e-commerce, mobile and other digital platforms, adult consumer activation and promotion activities, as well as costs associated with adult consumer experience outlets and other adult consumer touchpoints and volume-based incentives.  Advertising, as well as certain consumer engagement and trade activities costs, are expensed as incurred.  Trade promotions are recorded as a reduction of revenues based on amounts estimated as being due to customers at the end of a period, based principally on historical utilization.  For interim reporting purposes, advertising and certain consumer engagement expenses are charged to earnings based on estimated sales and related expenses for the full year.
Revenue recognition
PMI recognizes revenue primarily through the manufacture and sale of cigarettes and smoke-free products, including heat-not-burn, vapor and oral nicotine products. The majority of PMI revenues are generated by sales through direct and indirect distribution networks with short-term payment conditions and where control is typically transferred to the customer either upon shipment or delivery of goods.  PMI evaluates the transfer of control through evidence of the customer’s receipt and acceptance, transfer