in Canada remains in effect and that the time period to file the application would be extended by the stay period.
While RBH believes that the findings of liability and damages in both
Létourneau
and the
Blais
cases were incorrect, the CCAA proceedings provide a forum for RBH to seek resolution through a plan of arrangement or compromise of all combustible tobacco product-related litigation pending in Canada. On October 17, 2024, the court-appointed mediator and monitor in the CCAA proceedings filed a proposed plan of compromise and arrangement (“Proposed Plan”) setting forth, among other things, certain terms of a proposed comprehensive resolution of Canadian tobacco claims and related litigation against RBH, its affiliates, and its affiliates’ indemnitees. The court-appointed mediator and monitors also filed substantially similar proposed plans for ITL and JTIM.
Under the resolution contemplated by the Proposed Plan, RBH, ITL and JTIM (together, the “Companies”) would pay an aggregate global settlement amount of CAD
32.5
billion (approximately $
22.3
billion).  This amount would be funded by an upfront payment equal to the companies’ cash and cash equivalents on hand plus court deposits (subject to an aggregate withholding of CAD
750
million (approximately $
514
million) of working capital) and annual payments based on a percentage of the Companies’ aggregate net income after taxes (excluding that generated by alternative products such as heat-not-burn, nicotine pouches, and e-vapor) until the global settlement amount is paid in full.  As stated in the Proposed Plan, the issue of allocation of the CAD
32.5
billion aggregate settlement amount among RBH, ITL, and JTIM ("Allocation Issue") remains unresolved. RBH and its affiliates, including PMI and its indemnitees, would obtain a release of claims relating to the manufacture, marketing, sale, or use of or exposure
127
to, RBH’s combustible and traditional smokeless tobacco products based on conduct prior to the effective date of the Proposed Plan; related litigation would also be dismissed—including those actions described in the section below entitled “
Stayed Litigation – Canada
.” Alternative product businesses (including heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and nicotine pouches) would be transferred to an RBH affiliate or otherwise maintained separately from RBH's combustible business.  The Proposed Plan also contains a number of operating covenants that would govern RBH’s business going forward until the settlement amount has been paid.
On January 15, 2025, RBH’s court-appointed monitor filed a motion seeking an order by the CCAA court approving and sanctioning the Proposed Plan and authorizing and directing the monitor, among others, to take all steps and actions necessary and appropriate to implement the Proposed Plan (“Sanction Motion” and the requested order, the “Proposed Sanction Order”). On January 24, 2025, RBH filed an objection to the Sanction Motion (“RBH Objection”). The RBH Objection argues