product liability; and unfair competition.  While we design our programs to comply with relevant regulations, we expect these or similar challenges to continue as we expand our efforts to commercialize SFPs and to communicate with the public. The outcomes of these matters may affect our SFP commercialization and public communication activities and performance in one or more markets.
63
On June 11, 2024, Swedish Match North America LLC ("SMNA") received a subpoena from the office of the Attorney General of the District of Columbia (“D.C.”).  The subpoena requested, among other things, information concerning SMNA’s compliance with D.C.’s licensing regulations, age-verification requirements, and prohibition on the sale of flavored tobacco products, including with respect to
ZYN
nicotine pouches.  SMNA cooperated with this investigation, and on December 12, 2024, reached an agreement to resolve the D.C. Attorney General’s investigation without admitting liability or wrongdoing.  Pursuant to the agreement, SMNA paid $1.2 million to D.C. and agreed to conduct certain sales monitoring activities in D.C.
As part of a previously announced sales and supply chain review, SMNA has discontinued sales through the e-commerce shop associated with ZYN.com and direct sales to dedicated online retailers in the United States indefinitely. U.S. e-commerce has represented a small fraction of sales of SMNA in the United States, and the current network of approximately 170,000 brick-and-mortar retailers will remain SMNA’s focus.
Illicit Trade
Illicit trade creates a cheap and unregulated supply of tobacco and nicotine-containing products, undermines efforts to reduce smoking prevalence, especially among youth, damages legitimate businesses and intellectual property rights, stimulates organized crime, increases corruption and reduces government tax revenue. We generally estimate that, excluding China and the U.S., illicit trade may account for as much as 14% of global cigarette consumption; this includes counterfeit, contraband and the persistent problem of “illicit whites,” which are cigarettes legally purchased in one jurisdiction for the sole purpose of being exported and illegally sold in another jurisdiction where they have no legitimate market. Currently, we estimate that illicit trade in the EU accounted for approximately 8% of total cigarette consumption in 2023. Illicit trade also increasingly targets SFPs.
We devote substantial resources to help prevent illicit trade in combustible tobacco products and SFPs. We engage with governments, our business partners and other stakeholders to implement effective measures to combat illicit trade. Where effective and appropriate, we pursue legal remedies to protect our intellectual property rights from counterfeiting or to counter the illicit diversion of our products. We also cooperate with governmental authorities to combat fraudulent imports of non-compliant or unauthorized tobacco and nicotine-containing products.
As