and rates for tobacco products. Under the plan, the excise tax for heated tobacco products ("HTPs") will be harmonized with cigarettes in two steps; one on April 1, 2026 and the second on October 1, 2026. The first increase in the harmonized HTP and cigarette excise tax will occur in April 2027, and the plan provides predictability on the future excise rate increases for all tobacco product categories until April 2029.
Legislative and Regulatory Environment
The tobacco industry operates in a highly regulated environment.  The well-known risks of smoking have led regulators to impose significant restrictions and high excise taxes on cigarettes. The regulatory landscape for novel nicotine-containing products is inconsistent and evolving but is, in some instances, even more restrictive.
Much of the regulation that shapes the business environment in which we operate is driven by the World Health Organization's (the "WHO") Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (the "FCTC"), which entered into force in 2005. The main objective of the FCTC is to establish a global agenda for tobacco regulation, with the purpose of reducing tobacco use.  To date, 182 countries and the European Union ("EU") are Parties to the FCTC.  The treaty requires Parties to have in place various tobacco control measures and recommends others. The FCTC governing body, the Conference of the Parties (“CoP”), has also adopted non-binding guidelines and policy recommendations related to certain articles of the FCTC that go beyond the text of the treaty.  In October 2018, the CoP recognized the need for more scientific assessment and improved reporting to define policy on heated tobacco products.  Similar to its previous policy recommendations on e-cigarettes, the CoP invited countries to regulate, restrict or prohibit heated tobacco products, as appropriate under their national laws.
The WHO study group on tobacco product regulation published their ninth report on the scientific basis of tobacco product regulation in August 2023. The report is based on a review of scientific evidence related to novel and emerging nicotine and tobacco products, such as electronic nicotine delivery systems ("ENDS"), electronic non-nicotine delivery systems and HTPs. The report concludes by making a number of policy recommendations on HTPs and ENDS that, if implemented, could restrict both the availability of these products and the access to accurate information about them.
The Tenth Session of the CoP took place in February 2024. No new decisions or policy recommendations on novel and emerging tobacco products were adopted. Specific Guidelines were adopted to address cross-border Tobacco Advertising, Promotion, and Sponsorship (“TAPS”) and the depiction of tobacco in entertainment media.  The Eleventh session of the CoP is currently scheduled to take place in November 2025. The WHO’s reports and other FCTC guidelines or recommendations are not binding on the WHO Member States or on parties to the FCTC.