certain regulatory and legislative bodies on environmental policies, including by the governmental authorities in certain international jurisdictions where we operate. New environmental-related legal or regulatory requirements may lead to additional carbon taxation, raw or other materials taxation, energy price increases, new compliance costs, increased distribution and supply chain costs, and other expenses impacting our cost of operations. Moreover, given that the regulatory framework in this regard is highly dynamic, additional uncertainties may be driven by further upcoming regulatory changes on which we might have limited visibility or limited time to implement, which could have an impact on several elements of our business, including elevating the cost or complexity of our operations. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties if such laws or regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. Additionally, government authorities, non-governmental organizations and external stakeholders are increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory actions, alleging that public statements regarding sustainability-related matters and practices are misleading or false.
Government mandated prices, production control programs, and shifts in crops driven by economic conditions may increase the cost or reduce the quality of the tobacco and other agricultural products used to manufacture our products.
As with other agricultural commodities, the price of tobacco leaf and cloves can be influenced by imbalances in supply and demand and the impacts of natural disasters and pandemics such as COVID-19. Tobacco production in certain countries is subject to a variety of controls, including government mandated prices and production control programs. Changes in the patterns of demand for agricultural products could cause farmers to produce less tobacco or cloves. Any significant change in tobacco leaf and clove prices, quality and quantity could affect our profitability and our business.
A prolonged disruption of our production facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
A prolonged disruption at or shut-down of one or more of the facilities where our products are produced, especially our
ZYN
production facility in Kentucky, U.S., which currently supplies substantially all of our capacity for
ZYN
sales in the U.S., due to natural- or man-made disasters or other events outside of our control, such as equipment malfunction or widespread outbreaks of acute illness, including COVID-19, supply chain constraints, or for any other reason, could limit our capacity to meet customer demands. Such an event could disrupt our operations; delay production, shipments and revenue; and result in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilities. As a result, we could forgo