and captured in a tobacco-free liquid solution, without having to add flavoring ingredients.
Data show that, in a stable regulatory environment, only a very small percentage of adult smokers who convert to
IQOS
switch back to cigarettes.
We aim to continue to develop and expand our SFP brand portfolio and market positions.  In addition, we continue to use our expertise, technology and capabilities to explore new growth opportunities beyond our current business, including products that do not contain nicotine or tobacco.
55
Commercialization of SFPs
We are continuing to develop a multiplatform approach and tailoring our commercialization strategy to the characteristics of each specific market. We focus our commercialization efforts on consumer retail experience, guided consumer trials and customer care, and increasingly, digital communication programs and e-commerce.  In order to accelerate switching to our SFPs, our initial market introductions typically entail one-on-one consumer engagement (in person or by digital means) and device discounts.  These initial commercialization efforts require substantial investment, which we believe will moderate over time and further benefit from the increased use of digital engagement capabilities. PMI has, and continues to, invest in digital consumer engagement.
In 2014, we introduced
IQOS
in pilot city launches in Nagoya, Japan, and in Milan, Italy. Since then, we have continuously expanded our commercialization activities.
As of December 31, 2024,  PMI's smoke-free products were available for sale in 95 markets.
We have integrated the production of our heated tobacco units into several of our existing manufacturing facilities, are progressing with our plans to build manufacturing capacity for our other SFPs, and continue to optimize our manufacturing infrastructure and expand our commercialization activities for new products and markets. We discuss certain risks related to the commercialization and supply of our SFP portfolio in Part I, Item 1A.
Risk Factors—Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results in this report
.
We discuss product warranties in more detail in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements—Note 7.
Product Warranty
in this report.  The significance of warranty claims depends on a number of factors, including device version mix, product failure rates, logistics and service delivery costs, and warranty policies, and may increase with the number of devices sold.
On October 20, 2022, PMI announced that it had reached an agreement with Altria Group, Inc., ("Altria") to end the companies' commercial relationship as of April 30, 2024, with respect to
IQOS
in the U.S. (the “Altria Agreement”).  Under the Altria Agreement, PMI now holds the full rights to commercialize
IQOS
in the United States - the world’s largest smoke-free market. The Altria Agreement provides a clear path to expanding
IQOS
’s international success in a market where over 28 million adults continue to smoke cigarettes.
In January