competition and advertising statutes claims and is seeking compensatory and punitive damages, disgorgement of profits, attorney’s fees and expenses, interest and other applicable injunctive relief. On June 7, 2024, PMI and Swedish Match North America LLC filed motions
133
to dismiss the complaint with prejudice, and Swedish Match North America LLC also filed a motion to stay the proceedings pending resolution of the
Kelly
class action. On August 5, 2024, plaintiff voluntarily dismissed his claim against PMI without prejudice. At this time, no estimated loss has been accrued in the consolidated financial statements for this proceeding and we cannot determine the likelihood of loss, or reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, from this proceeding.
In the third case, an individual complaint,
Palmer v. Philip Morris International Inc., et al.
, filed April 3, 2024, before United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, plaintiff alleges, among other things, addiction to nicotine resulting from the use of
ZYN
nicotine pouches. The complaint named PMI and Swedish Match North America LLC as defendants.  He alleges, among other things, that defendants defectively designed
ZYN
products and sold them in an unreasonably unsafe and dangerous condition, marketed
ZYN
products to minors, and misrepresented or failed to warn consumers about information related to
ZYN
products, including information about health risks associated with these products. Plaintiff asserts strict liability design defect and failure to warn claims, as well as negligence and fraud claims, and is seeking compensatory and punitive damages, attorney’s fees and costs, interest, and medical monitoring. On June 3, 2024, PMI and Swedish Match North America LLC filed motions to dismiss the complaint with prejudice. On August 20, 2024, the court granted Swedish Match North America LLC’s motion to dismiss the fraud claim and plaintiff’s request for medical monitoring, but denied the motion to dismiss other claims, denied PMI’s motion to dismiss without prejudice, and granted plaintiff’s request to conduct jurisdictional discovery. On December 4, 2024, plaintiff filed an amended complaint against PMI and Swedish Match North America LLC and added
three
additional entities as named defendants: Swedish Match USA Inc., PMI Global Services Inc., and Philip Morris Global Brands Inc. On December 18, 2024, PMI, Swedish Match USA Inc., PMI Global Services Inc., and Philip Morris Global Brands Inc., filed motions to dismiss the amended complaint with prejudice, and Swedish Match North America LLC filed a motion to dismiss the fraud claim. At this time, no estimated loss has been accrued in the consolidated financial statements for this proceeding and we cannot determine the likelihood of loss, or reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, from this proceeding.
In the fourth case, an individual complaint,
Lendinara v. Philip Morris International Inc., et al
., filed July 30, 2024,