and Americas segments.
The decrease in goodwill in 2023 was primarily due to the measurement period adjustments to the Swedish Match final purchase price allocation (see Note 3,
Acquisitions and Divestitures
), coupled with the impairment discussed below and partially offset by currency movements.
The decrease in goodwill in 2024 was due to currency movements and goodwill allocated to disposal group in relation to Vectura Group' sale, partially offset by the preliminary purchase price allocation of PMI's acquisition in Egypt of United Tobacco Company in the second quarter of 2024. For further details on the acquisition in Egypt and Vectura Group's sale, see Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
.
At December 31, 2024, goodwill primarily reflects PMI’s acquisitions of Swedish Match AB and Fertin Pharma A/S, as well as acquisitions in Egypt, Greece, Indonesia, Mexico, the Philippines and Serbia.
93
Other Intangible Assets
Details of other intangible assets were as follows:
Non-amortizable intangible assets substantially consist of the
ZYN
trademarks and other trademarks related to acquisitions in Indonesia and Mexico, as well as the tobacco manufacturing license associated with the preliminary purchase price allocation of PMI's acquisition in Egypt in the second quarter of 2024 (see Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
for further details). The decrease since December 31, 2023, was mainly due to currency movements of $
276
million and a pre-tax impairment charge in the first quarter of 2024 of $
27
million primarily for an in-process research and development project in the Wellness and Healthcare segment. The pre-tax impairment charge of $
27
million was recorded in marketing, administration and research costs on PMI's consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024. The decrease was partially offset by the recognition of the Egyptian tobacco manufacturing license.
The increase in the gross carrying amount of amortizable intangible assets from December 31, 2023, was primarily due to the classification of the
IQOS
commercialization rights in the U.S. on the acquisition date (May 1, 2024) as Other intangible assets, net (see Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
), partially offset by developed technology assets of $
454
million allocated to disposal group  in relation to Vectura Group's sale (see Note 3.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
) and currency movements of $
269
million.
The change in the accumulated amortization from December 31, 2023, was mainly due to the 2024 amortization of $
835
million, partially offset by accumulated amortization of developed technology assets of $
267
million allocated to disposal group in relation to Vectura Group's sale and currency movements of $
69
million. The amortization of intangibles for the year ended December 31, 2024 was recorded in cost of sales ($
51
million) and in marketing, administration and research costs ($
784
million) on PMI's consolidated statements of earnings.