standardizing the shape and size of packages, prohibiting certain colors or the use of certain descriptive phrases on packaging, and requiring very large graphic health warnings that leave little space for branding.
Restrictions and Bans on the Use of Ingredients
: The WHO and others in the public health community have recommended restrictions or total bans on the use of some or all ingredients in both combustible and SFPs, including menthol.  Broad restrictions and ingredient bans would require us to reformulate our American blend tobacco products, which could reduce our ability to differentiate these products in the market in the long term.  In many countries, menthol or flavor bans would eliminate entire product categories.
The EU banned cigarettes and roll-your-own tobacco products with characterizing flavors. Other tobacco products are currently exempted under EU TPD from this characterizing flavor ban. This was also the case for heated tobacco products until November 23, 2022, when the EU Commission published a delegated directive that eliminated this exemption. All EU Member States were required to apply the delegated directive as of October 23, 2023, which bans the use of characterizing flavors in heated tobacco products, impacting a significant proportion of our SFP products currently sold in the EU. Currently, all but five EU Member States have transposed this directive, withdrawing the heated tobacco product exemption from the characterizing flavor ban into national law. Based on high consumer switching to non-flavored products in reaction to past bans on flavors in other categories and markets, we anticipated that, while short-term volatility would be possible, the ban’s impact on our shipment volumes in the EU would be relatively limited in the near term. To date, our experience is generally consistent with this expectation. There has been some short-term disruption in countries that have implemented the ban, most notably in Italy, but the impact has generally been limited in time and magnitude. Nevertheless, it remains possible that the impact in countries that have yet to implement the ban, including Poland, could be more significant in duration or magnitude. But our fundamental view remains that we do not expect a meaningful long-term change in the structural growth of the category. We will continue to actively monitor relevant developments in the EU market, including from an illicit trade standpoint.
Other countries may follow the EU’s approach toward tobacco product ingredients. Turkey banned menthol as of May 2020.  Broader ingredient bans have been adopted by Brazil (pending a court decision) and Canada. In the U.S., certain states and localities have adopted, or are considering adopting, flavor bans that apply to SFPs.
Bans on Display of Tobacco Products at Retail
: In a number of our markets, including, but not limited to, Australia, Canada and Russia, governments have banned the display of tobacco products at the point of