interpreted as a harm/risk reduction for cigarette smokers in the same proportion.
In April 2020, the Superior Health Council of Belgium (“SHC”) published results of its inquiry into heat-not-burn products. The SHC concluded that heat-not-burn products, while not safe, have a more favorable toxicity profile than cigarettes.  However, in light of the uncertainty of such products’ short and long-term impacts, the toxic effects of the dual use with cigarettes, and the existence of approved smoking cessation tools, the SHC recommended that current regulations for cigarettes should apply to heat-not-burn products.
In June 2022, the SHC published new advice on e-cigarettes in which they confirm that e-cigarettes are substantially less harmful than smoking cigarettes and, therefore, a better alternative for smokers. The SHC underlines that the vast majority of the risks of tobacco smoking are not caused by nicotine, but by the harmful substances that are released by the combustion of tobacco. Based on the cited science, the SHC calls for legislation that makes a clear distinction between cigarettes and e-cigarettes by focusing on better informing smokers about the benefits of the lower-risk (but not risk-free) alternative, as well as on protecting non-smokers and young people.
The foregoing scientific findings of government agencies may not be indicative of the measures that the relevant government authorities could take in regulating our products.
Legal Challenges to SFPs
We face various administrative and legal challenges related to certain SFP activities, including allegations concerning product classification; advertising, distribution and sales restrictions; corporate communications; product coach activities; scientific substantiation; product liability; and unfair competition.  While we design our programs to comply with relevant regulations, we expect these or similar challenges to continue as we expand our efforts to commercialize SFPs and to communicate with the public. The outcomes of these matters may affect our SFP commercialization and public communication activities and performance in one or more markets.
As part of a previously announced sales and supply chain review, SMNA has discontinued sales through the e-commerce shop associated with ZYN.com and direct sales to dedicated online retailers in the United States indefinitely. U.S. e-commerce previously represented a small fraction of sales of SMNA in the United States, and the current network of approximately 170,000 brick-and-mortar retailers will remain SMNA’s focus.
Illicit Trade
Illicit trade creates a cheap and unregulated supply of tobacco and nicotine-containing products, undermines efforts to reduce smoking prevalence, especially among youth, damages legitimate businesses and intellectual property rights, stimulates organized crime, increases corruption and reduces government tax revenue. We generally estimate that, excluding China and the U.S., illicit trade may account for as