Note 14.
Benefit Plans
for disclosures related to PMI's pension, and other benefits and Note 16.
Financial Instruments
for disclosures related to derivative financial instruments.
Contingencies:
Tobacco and/or Nicotine-Related Litigation
Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened against us, and/or our subsidiaries, and/or our indemnitees in various jurisdictions. Our indemnitees include distributors, licensees, and others that have been named as parties in certain cases and that we have agreed to defend, as well as to pay costs and some or all of judgments, if any, that may be entered against them. Pursuant to the terms of the Distribution Agreement between Altria Group, Inc. ("Altria") and PMI, PMI will indemnify Altria and Philip Morris USA Inc. ("PM USA"), a U.S. tobacco subsidiary of Altria, for tobacco product claims based in substantial part on products manufactured by PMI or contract manufactured for PMI by PM USA, and PM USA will indemnify PMI for tobacco product claims based in substantial part on products manufactured by PM USA, excluding tobacco products contract manufactured for PMI.
It is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending cases against us and our subsidiaries. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco or nicotine-related litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation.
Damages claimed in some of the tobacco-related litigation are significant and, in the case of the
"Health Care Cost Recovery
126
Litigation"
described below, could range into the billions of U.S. dollars. The variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions, together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome. While, as discussed below, we have to date been largely successful in defending tobacco-related litigation, litigation is subject to uncertainty. Additionally, as reported further below, beginning in March 2024, litigation related to oral nicotine products was filed against us and our subsidiary before certain courts in the United States.
We and our subsidiaries record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. At the present time, except as stated otherwise in this Note 18.
Contingencies,
it is reasonably possible that an unfavorable outcome in a case may occur.  Legal defense costs are expensed as incurred.
It is possible that our consolidated financial statements, including our results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. Nevertheless, although litigation is subject to uncertainty, we and each of our subsidiaries named as a