activities for the amounts of unpaid interest. A favorable outcome to the appeal would positively impact future PMI’s operating results and future cash provided by operating activities for the amounts paid in January 2025.
Operating income increased by 1.8%. Operating income, excluding currency and acquisitions/divestitures, increased by 5.2%, primarily reflecting the same factors as for net revenues; largely offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs.
Europe - Total Market and PMI Shipment Volume
In the first quarter, the estimated total market for cigarettes and HTUs decreased by 4.8% to 118.3 billion units, with a 6.6% decrease for cigarettes and continued HTU growth. Notable decreases in the estimated total market in Poland (down by 16.0%) and France (down by 12.8%) were partly offset by Bulgaria (up by 7.2%) and Luxembourg (up by 20.3%).
In the first quarter, our total cigarette and HTU shipment volume was stable (48.4 billion units), with decreases in Poland (down by 14.4%) and Sweden (down by 66.9%, driven by prior year inventory movements) offset by increases in Italy (up by 8.5%) and Spain (up by 13.9%).
In the first quarter, our HTU share of the total cigarette and HTU market increased by 1.2 points on an adjusted basis.
55
Table of Contents
Other Oral SFP includes chew bags and tobacco bits
Note: Sum may not foot due to rounding.
In the first quarter, oral SFP shipment volume decreased by 2.5% to 72.2 million cans mainly due to snus, partly offset by nicotine pouches.
SSEA, CIS & MEA:
During the quarter, net revenues increased by 3.2%. Net revenues, excluding currency and acquisitions/divestitures, increased by 6.5%, primarily reflecting: a favorable pricing variance, predominantly driven by higher combustible tobacco pricing; while higher cigarette and HTU volume was offset by unfavorable cigarette mix due to the below mentioned commercial model change in Indonesia.
A change in our commercial model for the below tier-one cigarette segment in Indonesia in the fourth quarter of 2024 resulted in lower net revenue and cost of sales, with no meaningful impact on operating income.
Operating income increased by 19.2%. Operating income, excluding currency and acquisitions/divestitures, increased by 14.1%, primarily reflecting: a favorable pricing variance, predominantly driven by higher combustible tobacco pricing, as well as higher cigarette and HTU volume, partly offset by higher manufacturing costs (notably tobacco leaf) as well as marketing, administration and research costs.
56
Table of Contents
SSEA, CIS & MEA - Total Market and PMI Shipment Volume
In the first quarter, the estimated total market for cigarettes and HTUs increased by 0.9% to 377.3 billion units. The increase in the estimated total market was mainly due to Turkey (up by 8.5%), India (up by 8.7%), and Indonesia (up by 2.6%), partly offset by Bangladesh (down by 16.2%).
In the first quarter, our total cigarette and HTU shipment volume increased by 4.6% to