practice as well as supplemental role-based training and awareness programs.
We engage external assessors, auditors and other third parties to independently evaluate our cybersecurity risk management process and related controls, including the relevance to PMI of identified cybersecurity scenarios and the results of cybersecurity maturity assessments.
The outcome of such evaluations, audits or reviews are reported to the Corporate Risk Governance Committee and to the Audit & Risk Committee, and our cybersecurity policies, standards and processes are adjusted, as necessary.
PMI follows a risk evaluation process for issues identified through internal audits, security assessments, third-party cybersecurity risk assessments, or self-assessment disclosures, and resulting information technology risks are recorded for risk remediation, transfer, avoidance, or acceptance as appropriate. Some of our information systems are managed by specialist third-party service providers, and we work with internal specialists to protect systems and data from unauthorized access and other cybersecurity threats.
Governance
The Audit and Risk Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including a review, in coordination with our management, of PMI’s management of cybersecurity.
Our
CISO
presents reports to the Audit and Risk Committee or to the full Board of Directors at least quarterly, which reports include cybersecurity risk status along with key performance indicators and key risk response strategies and plans.
The Corporate Risk Governance Committee receives quarterly reports on the Company’s overall cybersecurity risk exposure including the individual top cybersecurity threat scenario residual risk ratings and the plan and status of the cybersecurity risk program, to facilitate calibration with other enterprise risk domains and validation of the risk response plans. The Corporate Risk Governance Committee includes our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), General Counsel (“GC”), Senior Vice President Operations, and our Chief Digital & Information Officer (“CDIO”).
Cybersecurity incidents that have been determined to meet established SEC reporting consideration thresholds are promptly communicated to the Disclosure Committee, which is responsible for evaluating the potential materiality of such incidents and ensuring the accuracy, timeliness and completeness of related disclosures under applicable reporting obligations, and other relevant
20
communications or presentations. The Disclosure Committee’s membership includes the following executives: the Corporate Secretary; the GC; the CFO; the Controller & Principal Accounting Officer; the Chief Risk Assurance Officer; and the Vice President, Investor Relations. In addition, the CISO serves as an advisor to the Disclosure Committee.
The CISO has served in various roles in information technology and information