roll-out of the
IQOS
device while waiting for authorization to market
IQOS ILUMA
, the induction version, in the United States.
In January 2020, we announced an agreement with KT&G, a leading tobacco and nicotine company in South Korea, for the commercialization of KT&G’s smoke-free products outside of South Korea on an exclusive basis. On January 30, 2023, we announced a renewal and extension of this arrangement. For more information, see
Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Business Arrangements
below.
Our commercialization efforts for the other PMI-developed SFPs are as follows:
•
Since 2022, we began commercializing our
BONDS
product in 5 markets.
•
Since August 2020, we have launched and expanded our portfolio of vaping products (branded
VEEV
) in 41 markets.
•
Following our acquisition of Swedish Match, we have access to a strong portfolio of Swedish Match brands in both the snus and nicotine pouch categories. Nicotine pouches are currently available in 38 markets.
62
Table of Contents
Legislation, Regulation, Taxation and Other Matters Regarding the Manufacture, Marketing, Sale and Use of Tobacco and Other Nicotine-Containing Products
Fiscal Challenges
Excessive and disruptive excise, sales and other tax increases and discriminatory tax structures are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on our profitability, due to lower consumption and consumer down-trading to non-premium, discount, other low-price or low-taxed products such as fine cut tobacco, illicit cigarettes or illicit SFPs. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, some of our products are subject to tax structures that discriminate against premium-price products and manufactured cigarettes. We believe that such tax policies undermine public health by encouraging consumers to turn to illicit trade or negatively impact the transition of adult smokers to SFPs, and ultimately undercut government revenue objectives, disrupt the competitive environment, and encourage criminal activity. Other jurisdictions have imposed, or are seeking to impose, levies or other taxes specifically on tobacco companies, such as taxes on revenues and/or profits.
On March 14, 2024, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the "CJEU") ruled that the German fiscal regulation imposing an additional excise tax on HTPs does not contravene EU law. Fiscal Court in Dusseldorf (the "FCD") had previously referred that question to the CJEU. On May 21, 2024, the FCD delivered its judgement and dismissed our local affiliate's, f6 Cigarettenfabrik GmbH & Co.KG, ("PM Germany") claim. PM Germany filed a notice of appeal to the Federal Fiscal Court on June 19, 2024. To avoid further accumulation of interest, in January 2025, PM Germany provisionally paid the additional HTP excise tax relating to 2022, 2023 and 2024 (pending the outcome of the FCD decision). An oral hearing is expected in or after September 2025.
In March 2025, Japan adopted a multi-year tax plan that included changes to its excise tax structure