defendant believe, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that we have valid defenses to the litigation pending against us, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts. All such cases are, and will continue to be, vigorously defended. However, we and our subsidiaries may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if we believe it is in our best interests to do so.
After assessing the information available to it, except as stated otherwise in this Note 18.
Contingencies
, (i) management has not concluded that it is probable that a loss has been incurred in any of the pending combustible tobacco product-related cases; (ii) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss for any of the pending combustible tobacco product-related cases; and (iii) accordingly, no estimated loss has been accrued in the consolidated financial statements for unfavorable outcomes in these cases, if any.
CCAA Proceedings and Stay of Combustible Tobacco Product-Related Cases Pending in Canada
As a result of the Court of Appeal of Quebec’s decision in both the
Létourneau
and
Blais
cases described below, our subsidiary, Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc. (“RBH”), and the other defendants, JTI Macdonald Corp. ("JTIM"), and Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited ("ITL"), sought protection in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (“CCAA”) on March 22, March 8, and March 12, 2019, respectively.  CCAA is a Canadian federal law that permits a Canadian business to restructure its affairs while carrying on its business in the ordinary course.  The initial CCAA order made by the Ontario Superior Court on March 22, 2019 authorizes RBH to pay all expenses incurred in carrying on its business in the ordinary course after the CCAA filing, including obligations to employees, vendors, and suppliers. RBH's financial results have been deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements since March 22, 2019.
As part of the CCAA proceedings, there is currently a comprehensive stay up to and including March 3, 2025 or the date on which the CCAA court issues an order on the Sanction Motion (discussed below) of all combustible tobacco product-related litigation pending in Canada against RBH and the other defendants, including PMI and our indemnitees (PM USA and Altria), namely, the smoking and health class actions filed in various Canadian provinces and health care cost recovery actions.  These proceedings are presented below under the caption “
Stayed Litigation — Canada
.” Ernst & Young Inc. has been appointed as monitor of RBH in the CCAA proceedings. On April 17, 2019, the Ontario Superior Court ruled that RBH and the other defendants will not be allowed to file an application to the Supreme Court of Canada for leave to appeal the Court of Appeal’s decision in the
Létourneau
and the
Blais
cases so long as the comprehensive stay of all combustible tobacco product-related litigation