operations had approximately $2.7 billion in total assets, excluding intercompany balances, of which approximately $1.0 billion consisted of cash and cash equivalents held mostly in local currency (Russian rubles).
Additionally, we hold a 23% equity interest in Megapolis Distribution B.V., which was the holding company of JSC TK Megapolis (formerly CJSC TK Megapolis), pursuant to Dutch law, PMI's distributor in Russia. On July 18, 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Trade filed a petition before the Arbitrazh Court of Moscow seeking the forced localization of JSC TK Megapolis. On December 5, 2024, JSC TK Megapolis registered the transfer of this equity interest to PMI affiliate ZAO Philip Morris Izhora. For further details, see Item 8, Note 6.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other
and Item 8, Note 18.
Contingencies.
These developments above have or may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in impairment charges.
For further details, see Item 1A.
Risk Factors
, Item 8, Note 4.
War in Ukraine
and the
"Trade Policy
" section of this Item 7.
Impact of Inflation on Our Business and Mitigation Efforts
Like many other global companies, we have experienced inflationary pressures in 2022, 2023 and 2024, including: growing pressures on the cost of certain direct materials, wages, energy, transportation, and logistics as well as an increased cost of capital due to interest rate increases driven by the response to increased inflation. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the impact on cost of sales was approximately $580 million. In 2024, the impact on cost of sales was approximately 30% of the 2023 level, benefiting from lower prices for direct materials and utilities, despite continued pressure on tobacco leaf costs. In 2025, we expect certain inflationary elements such as direct materials and utilities to stabilize, with a moderate overall increase in inflationary pressures driven by tobacco leaf costs.
Inflationary impacts driven by higher wages have resulted from merit increases that reflect local inflation as we continuously evaluate our compensation and benefit offerings to be competitive with the current market. Increased transportation costs resulted from increased shipping rates for all modes of transportation (air, ocean and inland) due to ocean and air capacity constraints.  Increases in
65
cost of sales resulted from higher cost of direct materials due to the pass on of energy, transportation, labor and commodity price increases from suppliers as well as increases in utility costs, including gas and electricity prices, primarily in Europe resulting from the war in Ukraine. Raw materials such as tobacco leaf have longer inventory durations which resulted in insignificant inflationary impacts to our cost of sales in 2022; however tobacco leaf purchases in 2022, 2023 and 2024 were at higher prices due to inflationary impacts on fertilizer prices and labor