that the Proposed Plan cannot be approved because it fails to resolve the Allocation Issue. The RBH Objection also states that, without an appropriate, fair and reasonable resolution of the Allocation Issue, RBH cannot presently consent to implementation of the Proposed Plan. To address the Allocation Issue, the RBH Objection seeks to amend the Proposed Sanction Order to include provisions (the “Proposed Allocation Provisions”) requiring that ITL and JTIM make payments to RBH from their retained working capital and net income after taxes over a period of years. ITL, JTIM, and certain claimant groups have opposed the Proposed Allocation Provisions set forth in the RBH Objection.
A judicial hearing to consider approval of the Proposed Plan, including the Sanction Motion, the RBH Objection and the Proposed Allocation Provisions, was held from January 29 through January 31, 2025.
Further hearing dates may be scheduled.
A decision from the CCAA court on whether and what form to sanction the Proposed Plan is expected in the first quarter. If ultimately approved by the CCAA court and, among other things, not subject to appeal, implementation of the Proposed Plan is expected in 2025.
For additional information concerning the fair value of PMI’s continuing investment in RBH and the impairment charge recorded in the Company’s consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024, as a recognized subsequent event, see Item 8, Note 6.
Related Parties – Equity Investments and Other
.
Stayed Litigation — Canada
Smoking and Health Litigation — Canada
In the first class action pending in Canada,
Conseil Québécois Sur Le Tabac Et La Santé and Jean-Yves Blais v. Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd.,
Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc. and JTI-Macdonald Corp., Quebec Superior Court, Canada
, filed in November 1998, RBH and other Canadian cigarette manufacturers (Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd. and JTI-Macdonald Corp.) are defendants (the "
Blais
Class Action"). The plaintiffs, an anti-smoking organization and an individual smoker, sought compensatory and punitive damages for each member of the class who suffers allegedly from certain smoking-related diseases. The class was certified in 2005. The trial court issued its judgment on May 27, 2015.  The trial court found RBH and
two
other Canadian manufacturers liable and found that the class members’ compensatory damages totaled approximately CAD
15.5
billion (approximately $
10.6
billion), including pre-judgment interest. The trial court awarded compensatory damages on a joint and several liability basis, allocating
20
% to our subsidiary (approximately CAD
3.1
billion (approximately $
2.1
billion) including pre-judgment interest). In addition, the trial court awarded CAD
90,000
(approximately $
62,000
) in punitive damages, allocating CAD
30,000
(approximately $
21,000
) to RBH. The trial court estimated the disease class at
99,957
members.  RBH appealed to the Court of Appeal of Quebec. In October 2015, the Court