accepted standards and claim the resulting standard as their
27
own. In addition, governments may enact policies concerning standard-essential patents, such as the European Commission’s proposed regulations which would create a new regulatory scheme for standard-essential patents, that may have various consequences, some of which may be detrimental, such as by devaluing standard-essential patents or disrupting worldwide technology standards. Other jurisdictions may adopt similar regulatory schemes, which could also have such effects.
We expect that such proposals, interpretations and strategies will continue in the future, and if successful, our business model would be harmed, either by limiting or eliminating our ability to collect royalties (or by reducing the royalties we can collect) on all or a portion of our standard-essential patent portfolio, limiting our return on investment with respect to new technologies, limiting our ability to seek injunctions against infringers of our standard-essential patents, constraining our ability to make licensing commitments when submitting our technologies for inclusion in future standards (which could make our technologies less likely to be included in such standards) or forcing us to work outside of SDOs or other industry groups to promote our new technologies, and our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. In addition, the legal and other costs associated with asserting or defending our positions have been and may in the future be significant. We expect that such challenges, regardless of their merits, will continue into the foreseeable future and will require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources.
Due to the higher margin contribution of our licensing business relative to our chipset business, any reduction in licensing revenues could have a disproportionate impact on the cash resources we have available for other purposes, such as research and development.
Changes in our patent licensing practices, whether due to
governmental investigations, legal challenges or otherwise, could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
As described in the Risk Factor below titled “
Our business may suffer as a result of adverse rulings in governmental investigations or proceedings or other legal proceedings,
” we have been in the past, currently are and may in the future be subject to various governmental investigations and/or legal proceedings challenging our patent licensing practices. Certain of these matters are described in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies.” We believe that one intent of certain of these governmental investigations and legal proceedings has been to reduce the amount of royalties that licensees are required to pay to us for their use of our intellectual property.
If we were required to reduce the royalty rates in our patent license agreements,