These changes, if and as adopted by countries, may increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
36
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
To identify, assess and manage cybersecurity risks, we maintain an IT security/cybersecurity program (Cybersecurity Program) that is informed in part by international frameworks as well as our specific security requirements and cybersecurity risk profile. We have implemented policies, procedures, processes and administrative, physical and technical controls designed to protect, defend and mitigate effects to us from cybersecurity threats and incidents. For example, we provide recurring employee cybersecurity training to help our employees better understand cybersecurity threats, our policies, actions and approach to managing this type of risk and how they can help increase our security posture.
Our Cybersecurity Program also includes an incident response process that is overseen by our Vice President of Cybersecurity and supported by an internal team of cybersecurity specialists, with involvement from business, legal and senior management as appropriate. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, a technical cybersecurity team investigates and addresses the threat, while a cross-functional team assesses the incident to inform criticality determinations and response efforts, including escalations of the incident to senior management as appropriate.
We evaluate and update our cybersecurity risk profile through ongoing assessment of the cybersecurity threat landscape and security monitoring. Our cybersecurity risk profile is used as an input to identify, assess and update our Cybersecurity Program, and associated priorities are updated as new risk information becomes available. Information security, including cybersecurity, is also incorporated into our overall Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program. Our ERM Operating Committee includes members in senior leadership positions across various functional areas that evaluate enterprise risks and develop and monitor associated mitigation plans. Cybersecurity related risks are included in the risk universe that the committee evaluates to assess top risks to the enterprise. As part of our ERM program, our executive leadership team receives annual updates on enterprise risks, including cybersecurity risks, as well as their potential impact, likelihood, potential mitigation plans and status.
Our Cybersecurity Program, and portions thereof, are periodically reviewed by third-party assessors, consultants, auditors or other firms. For example, we periodically conduct penetration tests and tabletop exercises to simulate attacks against our infrastructure, systems, or portions thereof, in order to validate the efficacy of our security controls and response capabilities. Such exercises are typically conducted with assistance from third-party advisors