occur.
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities:
We obtain pricing information from quoted market prices, pricing vendors or quotes from brokers/dealers. We conduct reviews of our primary pricing vendors to determine whether the inputs used in the vendor’s pricing processes are deemed to be observable. Contractual sale restrictions are not considered in measuring the fair value of marketable equity securities. The fair value for interest-bearing securities includes accrued interest. The fair value of U.S. Treasury securities and government-related securities, corporate bonds and notes and common stock is generally determined using standard observable inputs, including reported trades, market based quotes, matrix pricing, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets and/or benchmark securities. The fair value of mortgage- and asset-backed securities is derived from the use of matrix pricing (prices for similar securities) or, in some cases, cash flow pricing models with observable inputs, such as contractual terms, maturity, credit rating and/or securitization structure to determine the timing and amount of future cash flows.
Derivative Instruments:
Derivative instruments that are traded on an exchange are valued using quoted market prices and are included in Level 1. Derivative instruments that are not traded on an exchange are valued using conventional calculations/models that are primarily based on observable inputs, such as foreign currency exchange rates, volatilities and interest rates, and therefore, such derivative instruments are included in Level 2.
Other Investments and Other Liabilities:
Other investments and other liabilities included in Level 1 are comprised of our deferred compensation plan liabilities and related assets, which consist of mutual funds and are included in other current assets and other assets. Gains and losses on the revaluation of our deferred compensation plan assets are recorded in investment and other income (expense), net. Corresponding offsetting amounts related to the revaluation of our deferred compensation plan liabilities are included in operating expenses. Other investments included in Level 3 are comprised of convertible debt instruments issued by private companies. The inputs we use to estimate the fair values of these instruments are generally unobservable, and therefore, they are included in Level 3.
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements:
We measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets and liabilities include equity method and non-marketable equity investments, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquisition or in a nonmonetary exchange, and property, plant and equipment and intangible assets that are written down to fair value when they are held for sale or determined to be impaired, all of which are generally measured based on unobservable inputs using an income or market approach.
Inventories.
Inventories are