entirety and, on October 5, 2023, entered final judgment in Qualcomm’s favor.
On November 2, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the Ninth Circuit, and on October 15, 2024, the court held a hearing on the appeal. The court has not yet issued a ruling. We intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves in this matter.
Beginning in November 2017, several other consumer class action complaints were filed against us in Canada (in the Supreme Court of British Columbia and the Quebec Superior Court), Israel (in the Haifa District Court) and the United Kingdom (in the Competition Appeal Tribunal), each on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of cellular phones and other cellular devices, alleging violations of certain of those countries’ competition and consumer protection laws and seeking damages. The claims in these complaints are similar to those in the U.S. consumer class action complaints described above. These matters are at various stages of litigation, and we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves.
ParkerVision, Inc. v. QUALCOMM Incorporated:
On May 1, 2014, ParkerVision filed a complaint against us in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida alleging that certain of our products infringed seven ParkerVision patents. On August 21, 2014, ParkerVision amended the complaint, alleging that we infringed 11 ParkerVision patents and sought damages and injunctive and other relief. ParkerVision subsequently reduced the number of patents asserted to three. The asserted patents are now expired, and injunctive relief is no longer available. ParkerVision continues to seek damages related to the sale of many of our radio frequency (RF) products sold between 2008 and 2018. On March 23, 2022, the district court entered judgment in our favor on all claims and closed the case. On April 20, 2022, ParkerVision filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (Federal Circuit). On September 6, 2024, the Federal Circuit reversed the judgment of the district court, citing certain substantive and procedural issues, and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. We intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves in this matter.
Arm Ltd. v. QUALCOMM Incorporated:
On August 31, 2022, Arm Ltd. (Arm) filed a complaint against us in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. Our subsidiaries Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and NuVia, Inc. (Nuvia) are also named in the complaint. The complaint alleges that following our acquisition of Nuvia, we and Nuvia breached Nuvia’s Architecture License Agreement with Arm (the Nuvia ALA) by failing to comply with the termination obligations under the Nuvia ALA. Arm is seeking specific performance, including that we cease all use of and destroy any technology that was developed under the Nuvia ALA, including processor core technology (which Arm alleges includes our custom Qualcomm Oryon CPU cores). Arm’s