our employees around the world utilized our charitable match program, benefiting more than 1,300 charitable organizations.
Human Capital Advancements Linked to our Executive Compensation.
The HR and Compensation Committee of our Board will consider human capital advancements in determining our executives’ fiscal 2024 bonus. For fiscal 2024, progress towards human capital advancements serves as a non-financial performance modifier that can adjust the executives’ bonus payout by a multiple of 0.9 to 1.1.
The foregoing discussion includes information regarding Human Capital matters that we believe may be of interest to stockholders generally. We recognize that certain other stakeholders (such as customers, employees and non-governmental organizations), as well as certain of our stockholders, may be interested in more detailed information on these topics. We encourage you to review the “Workforce” section of our most recent Qualcomm Corporate Responsibility Report
(located on our website) for more detailed information regarding our Human Capital programs and initiatives. Nothing on our website, including our Consolidated EEO-1 reports and our Qualcomm Corporate Responsibility Report or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.
16
Available Information
Our Internet address is www.qualcomm.com. There we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and any amendments to those reports (among others), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We also make available on our website public financial information for which a report is not required to be filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our SEC reports and such other information can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our website (https://investor.qualcomm.com/). Our Investor Relations website contains a significant amount of information about us, including financial and other information for investors, and it is possible that this information could be deemed to be material information. Accordingly, investors and others interested in Qualcomm should review the information posted on our website in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC.
Information about our Executive Officers
Information about our executive officers (and their ages as of November 1, 2024) are as follows:
Cristiano R. Amon, age 54, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2021. Mr. Amon served as President and Chief Executive Officer-elect from January 2021 to June 2021 and President from January 2018 to January 2021. He served as Executive Vice