comply with its contractual obligations, damages, and additional relief. Arm moved to dismiss this complaint, and on October 30, 2024, the court denied Arm’s motion to dismiss. No trial date has been set for this case.
On October 22, 2024, Arm provided us with a notice alleging that we have breached the Qualcomm ALA by marketing products that contain CPUs that Arm alleges use designs, technology and code created by Nuvia employees prior to our acquisition of Nuvia; by seeking support and verification from Arm for additional products that use such alleged designs, technology and code; and by suing Arm for breach of the Qualcomm ALA. Arm’s notice asserts that it will have the right to terminate the Qualcomm ALA if such alleged breaches are not cured within 60 days of such notice. We disagree with Arm’s allegations, including that we are in breach of the Qualcomm ALA.
Contingent Losses and Other Considerations:
Litigation and investigations are inherently uncertain, and we face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes or ranges of possible loss, particularly in antitrust and trade regulation investigations. We have
no
t recorded any accrual at September 29, 2024 for contingent losses associated with the pending matters described above based on our belief that losses, while reasonably possible, are not probable. Further, any possible amount or range of loss cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We are engaged in numerous other legal actions not described above (for example, our 2010 European Commission matter relating to the Icera complaint, and other matters arising in the ordinary course of our business, including those relating to employment matters or the initiation or defense of proceedings relating to intellectual property rights) and, while there can be no assurance, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these other legal actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
Indemnifications
.
We generally do not indemnify our customers, licensees and suppliers for losses sustained from infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. However, we are contingently liable under certain agreements to defend and/or indemnify certain customers, licensees, and suppliers against certain types of liability and/or damages arising from the infringement of third-party intellectual property rights and to indemnify certain companies that purchased businesses we previously consolidated against certain contingent losses. Our obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time and/or amounts, and in some instances, we may have recourse against third parties for certain payments made by us. Claims and reimbursements under indemnification arrangements have not been material to