personalization to consumers. We expect continued advancement in the generative AI capabilities of edge devices and increased adoption of generative AI capable technologies in handsets and other edge devices. For example, analysts estimate that 46% of smartphones sold in 2027 will be generative AI capable, up from 19% in 2024 (Counterpoint, October 2024).
Advancing Connectivity.
3G technology introduced the world to the potential of the mobile internet, and the ability to access the internet virtually anytime and anywhere. 4G brought mobile broadband speeds that helped fuel the smartphone era, forever changing the way we work, live and connect with others. 4G has served as the technology foundation for many of the applications and services used today, including e-commerce, video streaming, video calling, social media and gaming.
Building on foundational innovations developed for 3G and 4G, the mobile industry continues to transition to 5G technology as 5G network deployments and device launches continue, particularly in emerging regions. 5G is designed to support multi-gigabit data rates, low latency and greater capacity than previous generations of mobile technology to enable enhanced mobile broadband experiences, including ultra-high definition (4K) video streaming and sharing, near-instantaneous access to cloud services, immersive cloud gaming and XR, which includes augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR) and mixed reality (MR). 5G’s performance and capacity improvements are also enabling operators to offer new consumer and enterprise services. 5G Advanced builds upon the initial 5G standards to enhance system capabilities and expand into new use cases. It introduces key improvements for continued 5G commercialization, supports a range of services
7
beyond mobile broadband, and lays the groundwork for the upcoming 6G platform. 5G Advanced is a transformative step, integrating features like wireless AI to drive innovation across the 5G ecosystem.
Consumer Demand for Smartphones.
For calendar year 2024, we estimate that consumer demand for 3G, 4G, and 5G handset volumes will increase by a low-to-mid-single digit percentage relative to calendar year 2023. This estimate includes expected high single-digit to low double-digit percentage growth in 5G handsets.
Consumer demand for new experiences, combined with the needs of mobile operators and device manufacturers to provide differentiated features and services, is driving continued innovation within the smartphone across connectivity, processing, AI, multimedia, imaging, audio and more. As a result, the smartphone continues to be the go-to device for social networking, music and video streaming, photography and video capture, e-commerce, gaming, email, web browsing and more. We believe that the combination of 5G and AI will enable these experiences to be more immersive, intuitive and interactive.
Automotive.
Digitalization of the automotive cockpit including wireless connectivity continues to