recent changes in global trade policy, including tariffs and related trade actions announced by the U.S., China and other countries. The degree to which such tariffs and other related actions impact
22
our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are uncertain. Changes to global trade policies may negatively impact demand, pricing and cost for our products and technologies, and contribute to the inherent uncertainties in estimating future customer demand, which may result in increased excess or obsolete inventory or reserve charges, negatively impacting our results of operations and cash flows. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “
We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry, which is subject to significant downturns. We are also susceptible to declines in global, regional and local economic conditions generally. Our stock price and financial results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations due to these dynamics, among others.
”
•
We expect transitions to new generations of leading process technology nodes to continue to drive product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers.
•
We expect continued intense competition, including from vertical integration by certain of our customers. Specifically, Apple began utilizing its own modem (rather than our products) in its recently released smartphone and we expect that Apple will increasingly use its own modem products, rather than our products, in its future devices, which will have a significant negative impact on our QCT revenues, results of operations and cash flows.
•
Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “
A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions.
”
We are also involved in certain legal proceedings, including those described in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies.” Litigation is inherently uncertain, and, while we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves in such matters, the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with