developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term.
As we look forward to the next several quarters:
•
We expect transitions to new generations of leading process technology nodes to continue to drive product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers.
•
We expect continued intense competition, including from vertical integration by certain of our customers (e.g., Apple).
•
Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report, including the Risk Factor titled “
A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions.”
In fiscal 2024, we extended, renewed or entered into license agreements with several key OEMs. We are currently pursuing negotiations with other key OEMs whose agreements expire in early fiscal 2025 (including Huawei). In addition, in fiscal 2024, we entered into a license agreement with Shenzhen Transsion Holdings Limited (a growing, China-headquartered OEM that sells primarily in developing regions) for its 5G products. While we continue to engage in negotiations toward a comprehensive resolution, we have initiated litigation against Transsion in multiple jurisdictions to enforce our intellectual property rights against certain of its unlicensed products. See “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report, including the Risk Factors titled “
The continued and future success of our licensing programs requires us to continue to evolve our patent portfolio and to renew or renegotiate license agreements that are expiring
” and
“The enforcement and protection of our intellectual property may be expensive, could fail to prevent misappropriation or unauthorized use of our intellectual property, could result in the loss of our ability to enforce one or more patents, and could be adversely affected by changes in patent laws, by laws in certain foreign jurisdictions that may not effectively protect our intellectual property and by ineffective enforcement of laws in such jurisdictions.
”
We are also involved in other legal proceedings, including those described in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies.” Litigation is inherently uncertain, and, while we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves in such matters, the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in