Taiwan, which would have a material adverse impact on our business (and likely on the semiconductor industry as a whole). In addition, acts of war, terrorism, geopolitical conflicts, political instability or tensions, natural disasters, the effects of climate change, pandemics or other health crises impacting any of these regions could also result in a decline in global, regional or local economic conditions generally, or increased volatility in financial markets, which could have adverse effects on our business and financial results. See also the Risk Factor titled “
We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry, which is subject to significant downturns. We are also susceptible to declines in global, regional and local economic conditions generally. Our stock price and financial results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual
47
fluctuations due to these dynamics, among others
.” Any such events may also have the effect of exacerbating the other risks discussed in this “Risk Factors” section.
Our business may suffer due to the impact of, or our failure to comply with, the various existing, new or amended laws, regulations, policies or standards to which we are subject.
Our business and products, and those of our customers and licensees, are subject to various laws, rules and regulations globally, as well as government policies and the specifications of international, national and regional communications standards bodies (collectively, Regulations). These include, among others, Regulations related to: patent licensing practices; antitrust, competition and competitive business practices; protection of intellectual property; cybersecurity; privacy and data protection; AI technologies; imports and exports, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce; trade and trade protection including tariffs; foreign policy and national security; the flow of funds out of certain countries (e.g., China); automotive industry safety, security and quality standards; environmental protection (including climate change), health and safety; supply chain, responsible sourcing (including the use of conflict minerals) and human rights; spectrum availability and license issuance; adoption of standards; taxation; labor, employment and human capital; corporate governance; public disclosure and reporting (including reporting of ESG-related data); and business conduct. Compliance with, or changes in the interpretation of, existing Regulations, the adoption of new Regulations, changes in the oversight of our activities by governments or standards bodies, or rulings in court, regulatory, administrative or other proceedings relating to such Regulations, among others, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
See also the Risk Factors titled “
Our business may suffer as a result of adverse rulings in governmental investigations or proceedings or other legal proceedings,”
“