increased network speed, capacity and efficiency to support the increased number of connected devices at home and at work.
Industrial.
The combination of IoT devices with connectivity, computing, on-device AI and power-optimized and precise location tracking along with the cloud are helping to bring near real-time data and insights in industries such as retail, tracking and logistics and energy. This allows companies to gain new knowledge and insights about their products and services, manufacturing and logistics processes and more, which can help to transform and optimize their businesses.
Technology Overview
The worldwide demand for intelligent computing everywhere requires continuous innovation to improve user experiences, support new services, expand on-device processing and AI capabilities at low power, and increase wireless connectivity capacity and performance. To meet these requirements, different foundational technologies, including wireless communications, computing (including on-device AI), multimedia and location, continue to evolve. We have a long history of investing heavily in research and development and have developed many of these foundational technologies that help drive the continued evolution in mobile, automotive and IoT. We have also developed and acquired (and continue to develop and acquire) significant related intellectual property. This intellectual property has been incorporated into the most widely accepted and deployed cellular wireless communications technology standards, and we have licensed it to several hundred licensees, including all of the leading handset manufacturers.
8
Cellular Wireless Technologies.
Relevant cellular wireless technologies can be grouped into the following categories.
CDMA-based.
CDMA-based technologies are characterized by their access method allowing several users to share the same frequency and time by allocating different orthogonal codes to individual users. Most of the CDMA-based technologies are classified as 3G technology. CDMA-based connections worldwide continue to decline as consumers migrate to OFDMA-based technologies, which comprise the majority of cellular connections today.
OFDMA-based.
OFDMA-based technologies are characterized by their access method allowing several users to share the same frequency band and time by allocating different subcarriers to individual users. 5G heavily leverages OFDMA-based technologies, while most of the OFDMA-based technologies deployed prior to 2020 are classified as 4G technology. The 4G specifications were defined within 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project), a global organization that develops technical specifications, including the specification of the radio component (LTE) and the core network component (Enhanced Packet Core or EPC). 3GPP has been developing the 5G system through the specification of the radio component (NR) and the core network component (5G Core or 5GC). Unlike 4G that has fixed Orthogonal Frequency Division