overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system may not prevent or detect material misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information
On
September 12, 2024
,
Cristiano Amon
, our
President and Chief Executive Officer
, acting as trustee on behalf of his family trust,
terminated
the trust’s Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K), which provided for the sale of up to
75,000
shares of our common stock and was previously scheduled to terminate on September 30, 2025, and
adopted
a new Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. The new plan provides for the sale of up to
60,000
shares of our common stock and is scheduled to terminate on September 30, 2025.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
50
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this item regarding directors will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (2025 Proxy Statement), and is incorporated herein by reference. Certain information required by this item regarding executive officers is set forth in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report under the heading “Information about our Executive Officers.” The information required by this item regarding corporate governance will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this item will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this item will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this item will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
The information required by this item will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
The following documents are filed as part of this report:
(a) Financial Statements:
Financial statement schedules other than those listed above