(loss), net of income taxes. Unrealized losses that are related to credit loss factors on available-for-sale debt securities and subsequent adjustments to the credit loss are recorded as an allowance for credit losses, which is included in investment and other income (expense), net. In evaluating whether a credit loss exists, we consider a variety of factors, including the significance of the decline in value as compared to the cost basis; underlying factors contributing to a decline in the prices of securities in a single asset class; the security’s relative performance versus its peers, sector or asset class; the market and economy in general; views of external investment managers; news or financial information that has been released specific to the investee; and the outlook for the overall industry in which the investee operates.
Equity Method and Non-marketable Equity Investments.
Equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock for which we have significant influence, but not control, over the investee and are not the primary beneficiary of the investee’s activities are accounted for under the equity method. Our share of gains and losses in equity method investments are recorded in investment and other income (expense), net. We eliminate unrealized profit or loss related to transactions with equity method investees in relation to our ownership interest in the investee, which is recorded as a component of equity in net earnings (losses) in investees in investment and other income (expense), net. Non-marketable equity investments (for which we do not have significant influence or control) are investments without readily determinable fair values that are generally recorded based on initial cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar securities, if any. All gains and losses on investments in non-marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recognized in investment and other income (expense), net. We monitor equity method and non-marketable equity investments for events or circumstances that could indicate the investments are impaired, such as a deterioration in the investee’s financial condition and business forecasts and lower
F-8
QUALCOMM Incorporated
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
valuations in recently completed or anticipated financings, and recognize a charge to investment and other income (expense), net for the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value. For equity method investments, we record impairment losses in earnings only when impairments are considered other-than-temporary.
Derivatives.
Our primary objectives for holding derivative instruments are to manage foreign exchange risk for certain foreign currency revenues, operating expenses, receivables and payables and to manage interest rate risk associated with our cash equivalents, marketable securities and long-term