prior to fiscal 2024). In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we recognized revenues of $
312
million and $
355
million, respectively, that were recorded as unearned revenues at September 24, 2023 and September 25, 2022, respectively.
Remaining performance obligations, which are primarily included in unearned revenues (as presented on our consolidated balance sheet), represent the aggregate amount of the transaction price of certain customer contracts yet to be recognized as revenues as of the end of the reporting period and exclude revenues related to (a) contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less and (b) sales-based royalties (i.e., future royalty revenues) pursuant to our license
F-16
QUALCOMM Incorporated
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
agreements. Our patent license agreements with key OEMs are generally long-term, with terms expiring at varying dates between fiscal
2025
and
2031
. We generally seek to renew or renegotiate such license agreements prior to expiration.
Concentrations.
A significant portion of our revenues are concentrated with a small number of customers/licensees of our QCT and QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) segments. The comparability of customer/licensee concentrations for the periods presented are impacted by the timing of customer/licensees device launches and/or innovation cycles and other seasonal trends, among other fluctuations in demand.
Revenues from each customer/licensee that were 10% or greater of total revenues were as follows:
* Less than 10%
We rely on sole- or limited-source suppliers for some products, particularly products in our QCT segment, subjecting us to possible shortages of raw materials or manufacturing capacity. The loss of a supplier or the inability of a supplier to meet performance or quality specifications or delivery schedules could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations and/or negatively impact our revenues, business operations and ability to compete for future business.
Other Income, Costs and Expenses.
Other expenses
in fiscal 2024 consisted primarily of restructuring and restructuring-related charges (substantially all of which related to severance costs) and a charge related to the settlement of the securities class action lawsuit (Note 7).
Other expenses in fiscal 2023 consisted of $
712
million in total restructuring and restructuring-related charges (substantially all of which related to severance costs, resulting from certain cost reduction actions committed to in fiscal 2023) and a $
150
million intangible asset impairment charge related to in-process research and development.
In the third quarter of fiscal 2022, the General Court of the European Union issued a ruling annulling a decision made by the European Commission (EC) in fiscal 2018. As a result of the court’s decision, we recorded a $
1.1
billion benefit to other income in fiscal 2022 resulting from the reversal of the previously accrued EC fine.
Discontinued Operations.
In