benefited from an increase in demand in premium-tier Snapdragon platforms
21
+
higher IoT revenues, due to $924 million in higher shipments across consumer, edge networking and industrial products, partially offset by unfavorable product mix
+
higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in shipments from new vehicle launches with our Snapdragon digital cockpit products
QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first six months of fiscal 2025 primarily due to:
+
higher revenues
-
higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher selling, general and administrative expenses
Gross margin percentage remained approximately flat in the first six months of fiscal 2025, primarily driven by higher product costs, partially offset by higher average selling prices.
QTL Segment (in millions, except percentages)
During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we executed final agreements for new long-term licenses with two key Chinese OEMs (for which the initial terms had expired). We also recently entered into comprehensive 4G and 5G license agreements with Transsion (a growing, China-headquartered OEM that sells primarily in developing regions). As a result of our agreements with Transsion, all outstanding litigation between the parties has been dismissed. QTL revenues for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025 included estimated royalties due from Transsion for sales made in the March 2025 quarter. We did not record QTL revenues in the second quarter of fiscal 2025 from Huawei, whose license agreement has expired.
Second quarter 2025 vs. 2024
QTL licensing revenues and EBT remained approximately flat in the second quarter of fiscal 2025.
First six months 2025 vs. 2024
The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the first six months of fiscal 2025 was primarily due to:
+
$39 million increase in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products
+
$37 million in higher royalty revenues recognized related to devices sold in prior periods
QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first six months of fiscal 2025 primarily due to higher revenues.
QSI Segment (in millions)
Second quarter and first six months 2025 vs. 2024
QSI EBT decreased in the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025 primarily due to lower net gains on certain of our equity investments.
Looking Forward
We believe that 5G combined with high-performance, low-power computing and on-device artificial intelligence will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term.
As we look forward to the next several quarters:
•
We continue to monitor the