detected when the products are in use. Risks associated with product or technology defects, errors or security vulnerabilities are exacerbated by the fact that our customers typically integrate our products into consumer and other devices, including motor vehicles or motor vehicle systems. We routinely monitor for and assess security vulnerabilities in our products and offer remediation measures if appropriate. However, we may not be aware of all such vulnerabilities, and we may fail to identify and/or provide remediation measures for vulnerabilities (or our customers may fail to implement remediation measures) before they are exploited.
Our products may be used in devices that interact with untrusted systems or otherwise access untrusted content, which creates a risk of exposing the system hardware and software in those devices to malicious attacks. Further, security vulnerabilities in our products or the technologies we use could expose our customers, or end users of our customers’ products, to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy malware that could attack our products or our customers’ products or IT infrastructure. Such attacks could result in the disruption of our customers’ businesses or the
31
misappropriation, theft, misuse, disclosure, loss or destruction of the technology or intellectual property, or the proprietary, confidential or personal information, of our customers, their employees or the end users of our customers’ devices. While we continue to focus on this issue and take measures to safeguard our products from cybersecurity threats, device capabilities continue to evolve, enabling more elaborate functionality and applications, and increasing the risk of security failures, and techniques used to perpetrate cybersecurity attacks are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. See also the Risk Factor titled “
Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches of our IT systems, or other misappropriation of our technology, intellectual property or other proprietary or confidential information
.”
Our products may be responsible for critical functions in our customers’ products and networks. Failure of our products to perform to specifications, meet certain regulatory or industry standards (including product safety and information security standards, which may differ by region, geography and industry, and which are particularly stringent in the automotive industry), or other product defects, errors or security vulnerabilities, could lead to substantial damage to the products we sell to our customers, the devices into which our products are integrated and the end users of such devices, and potentially to our customers’ IT infrastructure. Such defects, errors or security vulnerabilities could give rise to significant costs, including costs related to developing solutions, recalling products or participating in customer recalls (for example, in the automotive industry),