end 5G system foundation (such as advanced downlink and uplink MIMO, enhanced mobility, mobile integrated access and backhaul, smart repeater, evolved duplexing, AI and machine learning data-driven designs and green networks) and to proliferate 5G to virtually all devices and use cases (such as boundless XR, RedCap evolution, expanded sidelink, expanded positioning, drones and expanded satellite communication and multicast). Release 19, which is currently under development, builds on the 5G Advanced standards to deliver new 5G advancements through continued system enhancements (e.g., sub-band full-duplex (SBFD), multi-hop sidelink relays), further use case diversification (e.g., Ambient IoT), and new advanced capabilities, including standardized wireless AI framework and potential applications, and ultra-low power receiver. Release 19 will establish the technical foundation for 6G.
Computing
.
Our processors are purpose-built to power mobile experiences, automobiles and the IoT. We have developed System-on-Chip (SoC) architecture with heterogeneous computing features, which uses our central processing unit (CPU) and different types of specialized engines (graphics processing unit (GPU) and neural processing unit (NPU)) to enable high-performance and low-power computing and other optimization techniques. Our Qualcomm Oryon™ and Qualcomm® Kryo™ CPU processors deliver enhanced security, AI and connectivity solutions, all designed to enable the next generation of high-tech devices and apps. Qualcomm Oryon CPU core technology is custom-designed to deliver a new level of performance and efficiency and developed to be integrated across a wide portfolio of Snapdragon powered products starting with certain PC and smartphone products and expanding to certain automotive and IoT products. Our Qualcomm® Adreno™ GPUs are designed to deliver high quality graphics performance for visually rich 3D gaming and user interfaces.
The Qualcomm® AI Engine, featured in our Snapdragon platforms and many of our other products, includes dedicated hardware capable of running complex AI use cases at high-performance and low-power on device, while also enhancing privacy and security. Our Qualcomm® Hexagon™ NPU is a key processor in our AI Engine and is designed for sustained, high-performance AI inference, enabling leading on-device AI capabilities with very low power consumption. In addition to our leading AI technology, we are simplifying the process for developers to build applications with AI features to work on our Snapdragon platforms. The Qualcomm® AI Stack is a unified AI software portfolio designed to help developers optimize
9
and deploy AI models quickly using our chipset solutions by supporting AI frameworks and runtimes, developer libraries, system software and popular operating systems. Building on this, the Qualcomm® AI Hub is our online destination for developers to access resources for quickly deploying models on devices powered by Snapdragon platforms,