during the term of the agreement that are highly interdependent or interrelated.
Licensees pay per-unit royalties based on their sales of products incorporating or using our licensed intellectual property and, to a lesser extent, lump sum payments (license fees, substantially all of which were recognized prior to fiscal 2024). License fees are recognized as revenues on a straight-line basis over the estimated period of benefit of the license to the licensee. Per-unit royalties are generally based upon a percentage of the wholesale (i.e., licensee’s) selling price of complete licensed products, net of certain permissible deductions (including transportation, insurance, packing costs and other items), with certain products subject to per unit minimums and/or per unit caps. Certain products may also have a fixed royalty amount per unit. We estimate and recognize sales-based royalties on such licensed products in the period in which the associated sales occur, considering all relevant information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. Our estimates of sales-based royalties are based largely on preliminary royalty estimates provided by our licensees and, to a lesser extent, an assessment of the volume of devices supplied into the market that incorporate or use our licensed intellectual property, combined with an estimate of the mix of such sales on a licensee-by-licensee basis, as well as the licensees’ average wholesale prices of such products. In the periods presented, we have recognized immaterial differences between preliminary royalty estimates provided to us by licensees and actual amounts reported and paid by licensees, which are generally received the following quarter, as licensees have not completed their royalty reporting process at the time estimates are provided to us, and in certain cases, they do not provide all necessary information in order for us to calculate an estimate of royalties due, which requires us to independently estimate certain information. We also consider in our estimates of sales-based royalties any changes in pricing we plan or expect to make and certain constraints on our ability to estimate such royalties. As a result of recognizing revenues in the period in which the licensees’ sales occur using estimates, adjustments to revenues are required in subsequent periods to reflect changes in estimates as new information becomes available, primarily resulting from actual amounts reported by our licensees.
We account for a contract with a customer/licensee when it is legally enforceable, the parties are committed to perform their respective obligations, the rights of the parties regarding the goods and/or services to be transferred are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of substantially all of the consideration is probable, which for product sales, is generally when a customer purchase order is executed and for licensing