actual royalties due) and were as follows (in millions):
Remaining performance obligations, which are primarily included in unearned revenues (as presented on our condensed consolidated balance sheets), represent the aggregate amount of the transaction price of certain customer contracts yet to be recognized as revenues as of the end of the reporting period and exclude revenues related to (a) contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less and (b) sales-based royalties (i.e., future royalty revenues) pursuant to our license agreements. Our patent license agreements with key OEMs are generally long-term, with remaining terms expiring between fiscal
2027
and
2031
.
Concentrations.
A significant portion of our revenues are concentrated with a small number of customers/licensees of our QCT and QTL segments. The comparability of customer/licensee concentrations for the periods presented are impacted by the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles and other seasonal trends, among other fluctuations in demand.
Revenues from each customer/licensee that were 10% or greater of total revenues were as follows:
10
Discontinued Operations.
On June 1, 2023, SSW Partners completed the sale of Veoneer’s Active Safety business to Magna International Inc. for net cash proceeds of $
1.5
billion. On March 1, 2024, SSW Partners completed the sale of Veoneer’s Restraint Control Systems business (collectively with the Active Safety business, the Non-Arriver businesses) to American Industrial Partners Capital Fund VII. Through the date of disposition by SSW Partners, the results of operations and cash flows of Veoneer’s Non-Arriver businesses are presented as discontinued operations. Cash flows from investing and financing activities from discontinued operations reported for the periods presented were not material.
Note 3. Income Taxes
We estimate our annual effective income tax rate to be
11
% for fiscal 2025, which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to a significant portion of our income qualifying for preferential treatment as foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) at a
13
% effective tax rate, which includes certain additional benefits from the requirement to capitalize research and development expenditures for federal income tax purposes (that are expected to continue to decline over time as capitalized research and development expenditures continue to amortize) and a benefit from our federal research and development tax credit. Our effective tax rate of
9
% for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 was lower than our estimated annual effective tax rate, primarily due to net discrete tax benefits realized in the second quarter of fiscal 2025.
Note 4. Capital Stock
Stock Repurchase Program.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we utilized the remaining repurchase authority under the $
10.0
billion stock repurchase program announced on October 12, 2021 and we began repurchases under the $