negatively impacted consumer demand for smartphones and other devices that incorporate our products and technologies. Although we believe these estimates are reasonable, any significant changes in customer demand that are less favorable than our previous estimates may require additional inventory write-downs and would be reflected in cost of sales resulting in a negative impact to our gross margin in that period. For fiscal 2024 and 2023, the net effect from changes in this estimate and related reserves was less than 2% of cost of revenues during each period.
Impairment of Goodwill, Other Indefinite-Lived Assets and Long-Lived Assets
.
We monitor our goodwill, other indefinite-lived assets and long-lived assets for the existence of impairment indicators and apply judgments in the valuation methods and underlying assumptions utilized in such assessments. During fiscal 2024, there were no material impairment charges for long-lived or indefinite-lived assets. During fiscal 2023, we recorded total impairment charges of approximately $400 million related to certain long-lived and other indefinite-lived assets. Such impairments (and the related remaining asset values) were not individually material. Additionally, the estimated fair values of our QCT and QTL reporting units, based on our qualitative assessment, were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values at September 29, 2024.
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings.
We record our best estimate of a loss related to pending legal and regulatory proceedings when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes and/or the amount of possible loss in certain legal and regulatory proceedings.
Income Taxes.
We make significant judgments and estimates in determining our provision for income taxes, including our assessment of our income tax positions given the uncertainties involved in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws and regulations in various taxing jurisdictions.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of those pronouncements, if any, on our consolidated financial statements is provided in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1. Significant Accounting Policies.”
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Marketable Securities
We have made investments in marketable securities of companies of varying size, style, industry and geography and changes in investment allocations may affect the price volatility of our investments.
Interest Rate Risk.
We invest a portion of our cash in a number of diversified fixed- and floating-rate securities consisting of cash equivalents, marketable debt securities and time deposits that are subject to interest rate risk. At September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, a hypothetical increase in interest rates of 100 basis points across