segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies) and our cloud computing processing initiative.
The table below presents revenues and earnings (loss) before income taxes (EBT) for reportable segments (in millions):
14
Reconciling items for revenues and EBT in the previous table were as follows (in millions):
Certain revenues were not allocated to our segments in our management reports because they were not considered in evaluating segment results. Unallocated revenues in the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025 were comprised of licensing revenues resulting from a recent settlement of a licensing dispute.
Note 7. Fair Value Measurements and Marketable Securities
The following table presents our fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 30, 2025 (in millions):
(1)
Other investments and other liabilities included in Level 1 are comprised of our deferred compensation plan assets and liabilities.
Long-term Debt.
At March 30, 2025, the aggregate fair value of our outstanding fixed-rate notes, based on Level 2 inputs, was approximately $
13.8
billion.
15
Marketable Securities.
At March 30, 2025 and September 29, 2024, our marketable securities were all classified as current and were primarily comprised of available-for-sale debt securities (the vast majority of which were corporate bonds and notes).
The contractual maturities of available-for-sale debt securities were as follows (in millions):
Debt securities with no single maturity date included mortgage- and asset-backed securities.
16
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
This
information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in “Part I, Item 1” of this Quarterly Report and with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024 contained in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
This Quarterly Report (including but not limited to this section titled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our future business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition; research and development or technology investments; new or enhanced products, services or technologies; emerging industries or business models; design wins or product launches; industry, market or technology trends, dynamics or