or losses on hedged foreign currency transactions and investments, including certain royalties earned from licensees, operating expenses and net investments in foreign subsidiaries, are generally offset by corresponding losses or gains on the related hedging instrument.
Functional Currency.
Financial assets and liabilities held by consolidated subsidiaries that are not denominated in the functional currency of those entities are subject to the effects of currency fluctuations and may affect reported earnings. As a global company, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We may hedge currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies and certain anticipated nonfunctional currency transactions. As a result, we could experience unanticipated gains or losses on anticipated foreign currency cash flows, as well as economic loss with respect to the recoverability of investments. While we may hedge certain transactions with non-U.S. customers, declines in currency values in certain regions may, if not reversed, adversely affect future product sales because our products may become more expensive to purchase in the countries of the affected currencies. We have experienced fluctuations in our effective tax rate as a result of foreign currency gains or losses related to our Korean withholding tax receivable (which was $2.2 billion as of September 29, 2024), which is described further in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes 3. Income Taxes.” Based on the balance of such foreign withholding tax receivable, an assumed 10% adverse change to foreign exchange rates would result in losses of approximately $222 million and $200 million as of September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. Other gains and losses from foreign currency transactions were not material/significant for any of the periods presented in this Annual Report.
Our analysis methods used to assess and mitigate the risks discussed above should not be considered projections of future risks. Additional information regarding the financial instruments mentioned above is provided in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1. Significant Accounting Policies,” “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items,” “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Debt,” “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9. Fair Value Measurements and Marketable Securities.”
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The information required by this item is included in this Annual Report on pages F-1 through F-28.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,