valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value using the first-in, first-out method. Recoverability of inventories is assessed based on review of future customer demand that considers multiple factors, including committed purchase orders from customers as well as purchase commitment projections provided by customers and our own forecasts of customer demand, among other factors. This valuation also requires us to make judgments and assumptions based on information currently available about market conditions, including competition, anticipated technological changes, internal product life cycle and development plans, product pricing and other broader market conditions that may impact customer demand, such as the impact of the macroeconomic environment in fiscal 2022 and 2023. We generally place binding purchase orders with our suppliers in advance of receiving contractually binding forecasts and/or purchase orders from our customers. The time period between placing purchase orders with our suppliers and receiving contractually binding forecasts and/or purchase orders from our customers has increased and may continue to increase as a result of extended manufacturing lead-times, driven in part by a continued transition to leading-edge technologies and/or increased complexity in the manufacturing process of our products. If we overestimate demand for our products, the amount of our loss will be impacted by our ability to reduce inventory purchases from our suppliers. Further, if our customers cancel purchase orders or alter forecasts this may result in excess inventory on hand. Our assumptions of future product demand are
F-10
QUALCOMM Incorporated
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
inherently uncertain, and changes in our estimates and assumptions may cause us to record additional write-downs in the future if demand forecasted for specific products is greater than actual demand.
Property, Plant and Equipment.
Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Upon the retirement or disposition of property, plant and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded, when appropriate. Buildings on owned land are depreciated over
30
years, and building improvements are depreciated over
15
years. Leasehold improvements and buildings on leased land are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives, not to exceed
15
years and
30
years, respectively, or the remaining term of the related lease. Other property, plant and equipment have useful lives ranging from
2
to
15
years. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals or betterments are charged to expense as incurred.
Operating Leases.
Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized for leases with lease terms greater than 12 months based on the present value of the future lease payments over the lease term at the