complaint also contends that we violated the Lanham Act through trademark infringement and false designation of origin through unauthorized use of Arm’s trademarks and seeks associated injunctive and declaratory relief; however, Arm subsequently informed the court of its intent to withdraw such claims.
F-23
QUALCOMM Incorporated
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
On September 30, 2022, we filed our Answer and Counterclaim in response to Arm’s complaint denying Arm’s claims. Our counterclaim seeks a declaratory judgment that we did not breach the Nuvia ALA or the Technology License Agreement between Nuvia and Arm (together with the Nuvia ALA, the Arm-Nuvia Agreements) and that, following the acquisition of Nuvia, our architected cores (including all further developments, iterations or instantiations of the technology we acquired from Nuvia) and System-on-Chip (SoC) products incorporating such cores are fully licensed under our existing Architecture License Agreement with Arm (the Qualcomm ALA) and Technology License Agreement with Arm (together with the Qualcomm ALA, the Arm-Qualcomm Agreements). We further seek an order enjoining Arm from making any claim that our products are not licensed under the Arm-Qualcomm Agreements, are not Arm-compliant or that we are prohibited from using Arm’s marks in the marketing of any such products. On October 26, 2022, we filed an Amended Counterclaim seeking additional declaratory relief that certain statements Arm is making in the marketplace concerning our rights under the Arm-Qualcomm Agreements are false, and that Arm has no right to prevent us from shipping our products, which are validly licensed. On March 22, 2024, we filed a Second Amended Counterclaim asserting that Arm has breached the Arm-Nuvia Agreements by continuing to use Nuvia technology and by failing to return or destroy Nuvia confidential information after the Arm-Nuvia Agreements were terminated. The Second Amended Counterclaim seeks damages related to the asserted breaches. On July 10, 2024, Arm filed a motion for partial summary judgment that the Nuvia ALA was properly terminated, that the Nuvia ALA was breached, and that Arm did not breach the Arm-Nuvia Agreements. We also filed a motion for summary judgment on Arm’s breach of contract claims, that Qualcomm’s architected cores are licensed under the Qualcomm ALA, and that Qualcomm has not infringed Arm’s trademarks. On October 30, 2024, the court denied both parties’ motions for summary judgment. Trial is scheduled to begin on December 16, 2024. We intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves against Arm’s claims in this matter.
On April 18, 2024, we filed a separate complaint (captioned QUALCOMM Incorporated v. Arm Ltd.) against Arm in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The complaint alleges that Arm has breached the Qualcomm ALA by failing to provide certain deliverables that Arm is obligated to provide. The complaint seeks an order that Arm