conformance to our Supplier Code of Conduct, from a 2020 base year.
Net-Zero Global GHG Emissions Targets.
Qualcomm has established near- and long-term science-based emissions reduction targets, which have been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), including: (1) reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% by 2030 from a 2020 base year; (2) reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 25% by 2030 from a 2020 base year; and (3) reach net-zero GHG emissions across the value chain by 2040.
The foregoing discussion includes information regarding ESG matters that we believe may be of interest to our stockholders generally. We recognize that certain other stakeholders (such as customers, employees and non-governmental organizations), as well as certain of our stockholders, may be interested in more detailed information on these topics. We encourage you to review our most recent Qualcomm Corporate Responsibility Report (located on our website) for more detailed information regarding our Corporate Responsibility and ESG governance, goals, priorities, accomplishments and initiatives, as well as the Corporate Governance section of our most recent Proxy Statement, and our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices (located on our website), for additional information regarding governance matters, including Board and Committee leadership, oversight, roles and responsibilities, and Director independence, tenure, refreshment and diversity. Nothing on our website, including the aforementioned reports and documents, or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.
Human Capital
In order to continue to produce innovative, breakthrough technologies, it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain top talent. To facilitate talent attraction and retention, we strive to make Qualcomm a diverse, inclusive, and safe workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits, and health and wellness programs and by programs that build connections between our employees and their communities.
At September 29, 2024, we had approximately 49,000 full-time, part-time and temporary workers, the overwhelming majority of which were full-time employees. Our employees are represented by more than 100 (self-identified) nationalities working in over 150 locations in 37 different countries around the world. Collectively, we speak more than 90 different languages. Our global workforce is highly educated, with the substantial majority of our employees working in engineering or technical roles. During fiscal 2024, our voluntary turnover rate was approximately 5%.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion.
We believe that a diverse workforce is important to our success, and we continue to focus on making Qualcomm a great place to work for everyone, including women and underrepresented populations. Our recent efforts have been focused in three areas: inspiring