innovation through an inclusive and diverse culture; expanding our efforts to recruit world-class diverse talent; and identifying strategic partners to accelerate our programs.
We have employee networks that enhance our inclusive and diverse culture, including global network groups focused on supporting women, LGBTQ+ employees and employees with disabilities, in addition to U.S.-based employee networks that focus on Asian American and Pacific Islander employees, Black and African American employees, Hispanic and Latinx employees and U.S. military members and veterans.
We continue to recruit technical talent in diverse communities, engaging as a high-level sponsor of professional conferences, such as the Grace Hopper Conference for women and non-binary technologists, the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers National Convention and the Richard Tapia Conference. We also continue to recruit from a variety of colleges with diverse student populations, including Hispanic-Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
Our continued engagement with organizations that work with diverse communities has been vital to our efforts. We joined the Global Catalyst Community that helps organizations build workplaces that work for women with thought leadership and actionable solutions to advance women into leadership. We are also endorsed as a great employer for women
15
by Work180 in the UK and have been recognized by Avtar and Seramount as a Best Company for Women in India. We, alongside other top technology companies, helped form the Reboot Representation Tech Coalition, which aims to double the number of Black, Latinx and Native American women receiving computing degrees by 2025. We have also been named a ‘Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion’ by Disability:IN for ten years in a row, underscoring our commitment to an inclusive work environment for people with disabilities.
We publish our most recent Consolidated EEO-1 reports on our website to provide additional transparency into our workforce.
Health, Safety and Wellness.
The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. Through our Live+Well, Work+Well programs, we provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security related to events that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families.
Compensation and Benefits.
We provide robust compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of