the entire yield curve on our holdings would have resulted in an immaterial decrease in the fair value of our holdings.
Other Investments
Equity Price Risk.
We hold investments in non-marketable equity instruments in privately held companies that may be impacted by equity price risks. Volatility in the equity markets could negatively affect our investees’ ability to raise additional capital as well as our ability to realize value from our investments through initial public offerings, mergers or private sales. Consequently, we could incur impairment losses or realized losses on all or part of the values of our non-marketable equity investments. At September 29, 2024, our non-marketable equity investments (including those accounted for under the equity method) consisted of investments in over 150 companies with an aggregate carrying value included in other assets of $1.3 billion.
48
Debt and Interest Rate Swap Agreements
Interest Rate Risk.
At September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, all of our issued debt was comprised of unsecured fixed-rate notes. From time to time, we issue commercial paper for which our exposure to interest rate risk is negligible based on the original maturities of approximately three months or less.
We manage our exposure to certain interest rate risks related to our long-term debt through the use of interest rate swaps. We enter into these agreements to manage interest rate risk associated with our cash equivalents and marketable securities, in addition to changes in the fair value of our outstanding debt. At September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, we had an aggregate notional amount of $2.1 billion in interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedges to effectively convert certain fixed-rate interest payments into floating-rate payments on our outstanding debt. At September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, a hypothetical increase in interest rates of 100 basis points would not cause a material loss in earnings as an increase in interest expense related to these interest rate swaps agreements would be offset by an increase in interest income from our cash equivalents and marketable securities portfolio.
Foreign Exchange Risk
We manage our exposure to foreign exchange market risks, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative and non-derivative financial instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial counterparties and net investment hedges. We utilize such derivative financial instruments for hedging or risk management purposes rather than for speculative purposes. Counterparties to these derivative contracts are all major banking institutions. In the event of the financial insolvency or distress of a counterparty to our derivative financial instruments, we may be unable to settle transactions if the counterparty does not provide us with sufficient collateral to secure its net settlement obligations to us, which could have a negative impact on our results.
Gains