the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing programs in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies and/or governments or regulators may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world.
Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Quarterly Report.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. The following tables present selected financial information related to our liquidity at March 30, 2025 and September 29, 2024 and for the first six months of fiscal 2025 and 2024 (in millions):
(1) Includes our issued debt reported as long-term and $1.4 billion reported as short-term debt (which matures in May 2025). As of March 30, 2025 and September 29, 2024, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had no commercial paper outstanding.
23
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.
The net increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for the first six months of fiscal 2025 was primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by $3.5 billion in payments to repurchase 22 million shares of our common stock, $1.9 billion in cash dividends paid, $609 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards, $491 million in capital expenditures and $341 million in cash paid for acquisitions and other investments.
During the first six months of fiscal 2025, income taxes paid were in excess of our provision, negatively impacting net cash provided by operating activities. This was driven primarily by our installment payment for a one-time U.S. repatriation tax accrued in fiscal 2018 of $530 million and the adverse impact of the requirement to capitalize and amortize research and development expenditures for federal income tax purposes.
Net changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the first six months of fiscal 2025 negatively impacted our operating cash flows primarily from a decrease in payroll and other benefit related liabilities primarily driven by payments related to our employee cash incentive program. This was partially offset by a decrease in other assets primarily driven by utilization of prior advanced supply agreement payments.
Capital Return Program.
Our stock repurchase program is subject to periodic evaluations to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders, and we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time.
On March 18, 2025, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend per share of common stock from $0.85 to $0.89, which is effective for dividends payable after March 27, 2025. We currently intend to continue to use