Social and Governance (ESG) and Human Capital
We believe that our innovations help transform industries, enhance people’s lives and address some of society’s biggest challenges. With the world becoming increasingly connected, we have an opportunity to shape a better future. We believe in the power of technology. As such, our corporate responsibility vision is to be a facilitator of innovation for a sustainable world, connected wirelessly.
We have integrated corporate responsibility throughout our business, from our daily operations to our executive leadership and our Board of Directors (Board). The Governance Committee of our Board provides oversight on ESG matters not delegated to other Board committees, including ESG policies, programs and initiatives. The HR and Compensation Committee of our Board provides oversight on our human capital initiatives and our workforce diversity, equity and inclusion policies, programs and initiatives, while the Audit Committee of our Board provides oversight of certain ESG disclosure controls and procedures. Our ESG Leadership Committee, composed of executives, provides guidance on global corporate responsibility issues. Our ESG Working Group implements directives from the ESG Leadership Committee, measures progress on achieving our goals and reports to management on accomplishments and challenges.
ESG
We center our ESG efforts around purposeful innovation, focusing on three strategic areas where we believe we can have the biggest impact:
•
Empowering Digital Transformation.
We believe technology can transform industries, businesses, communities and individual lives. We invent solutions that are foundational to the advancement of the global wireless ecosystem
14
and the digital transformation of industries such as automotive, personal computing and industrial IoT, improving how we work, live and, ultimately, thrive.
•
Acting Responsibly.
We invest in our people, strive to always behave with integrity and implement governance standards that uphold Qualcomm’s values. We are committed to responsible business practices, from enhancing our inclusive and diverse culture, to protecting privacy, to providing leading development programs and fostering an ethical culture.
•
Operating Sustainably.
We aim to maintain safe, healthy and productive working conditions and conserve natural resources. Our environmental efforts center on reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, optimizing energy consumption, managing water usage and minimizing waste throughout our operations and the communities in which we work.
2025 Goals.
Our
2025 Goals
related to corporate responsibility include, among others:
•
Reducing our absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions from global operations by 30%, from a 2014 base year.
•
Reducing power consumption by 10% every year in our flagship Snapdragon Mobile Platform products (given equivalent features).
•
Having 100% of our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers audited every two years for