and experts. Incident response efforts are also supported by external resources such as legal advisors, cybersecurity forensic firms, communications specialists, and other outside advisors and experts as well as law enforcement support, as appropriate. We benefit from engaging third parties to provide specialized skills, knowledge, tools and resources, and such third parties may also help reduce costs, increase efficiency and/or improve the quality of our Cybersecurity Program.
Our supplier community (including suppliers of IT services and other third-party service providers) plays a large role in Qualcomm’s success, and we believe in engaging with our suppliers to help them protect against cybersecurity threats. We operate a supplier cybersecurity assurance program, which is integrated with our procurement processes and supported by the relevant groups within the legal organization, to assess and attempt to mitigate potential cybersecurity risks across our supplier community commensurate with their cybersecurity risk. Specifically, based on a risk classification of the supplier, our third-party risk management process includes steps such as the evaluation of a supplier’s security controls, posture and maturity as well as the identification and treatment of cybersecurity-related risks.
Notwithstanding our Cybersecurity Program as described above, we cannot anticipate, detect, repel or implement fully effective preventative measures against all cybersecurity threats, particularly because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. Like many companies, we have encountered intrusions and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our IT systems or other attacks and incidents, and we have had third-party service providers who have encountered intrusions. However, during fiscal 2024, we did not identify any risks from cybersecurity threats that materially affected or are reasonably anticipated to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. For additional information about the cybersecurity risks we face, including how such risks could affect us in the future, see Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report, including the Risk Factors titled “
Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches of our IT systems, or other misappropriation of our technology, intellectual property or other proprietary or confidential information”
and
“Failures in our products, or in the products of our customers or licensees, including those resulting from security vulnerabilities, defects or errors, could harm our business.”
Governance
Our Board of Directors has primary responsibility for oversight of our risk management efforts, with support from its standing committees. In particular, the Audit Committee of our Board assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to our Cybersecurity Program. As part of its oversight of IT