restructuring-related charges (substantially all of which related to severance costs) and a $75 million charge related to the settlement of the securities class action lawsuit.
Other expenses in fiscal 2023 consisted of $712 million in total restructuring and restructuring-related charges (substantially all of which related to severance costs, resulting from certain cost reduction actions committed to in fiscal 2023 and a $150 million intangible asset impairment charge related to in-process research and development.
2024 vs. 2023
The increase in interest and dividend income in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on higher balances of interest-bearing securities. Net gains on other investments in fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by certain of our QSI non-marketable equity investments.
42
Income Tax Expense (in millions, except percentages)
The following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our annual tax provision from continuing operations to differ from the expected income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate. Substantially all of our income is taxed in the U.S., of which a significant portion qualifies for preferential treatment as FDII at a 13% effective tax rate. Additional information regarding our annual effective tax rate (including discussion related to the impact of the requirement to capitalize research and development expenditures for federal income tax purposes, and the benefit related to the transfer of intellectual property between foreign subsidiaries) is provided in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes 3. Income Taxes.”
The OECD has announced a framework to implement a global minimum tax of 15% (referred to as Pillar Two). Certain countries have implemented or are in the process of implementing the Pillar Two legislation, which will apply to us beginning in fiscal year 2025. While we do not currently expect this to materially impact our consolidated financial statements, we continue to monitor the impact as countries implement legislation and the OECD provides additional guidance.
Discontinued Operations (in millions)
2024 vs. 2023
Discontinued operations in fiscal 2024 and 2023 primarily related to the Non-Arriver businesses. Fiscal 2023 also included a gain on the sale of the Active Safety business and certain write-down charges related to the Restraint Control Systems business, the individual and aggregate amounts of which were not material. Information regarding the Non-Arriver businesses is provided in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items.”
43
Segment Results
The following should be read in conjunction with the fiscal 2024 and 2023 results of operations for each reportable segment included in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8. Segment Information.”
QCT Segment (in millions, except percentages)
(1) Descriptions of our