not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes
☐
No
☒
The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock was
1,098
million at April 28, 2025.
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Form 10-Q
For the Quarter Ended March 30, 2025
3
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
4
5
6
7
8
Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies Update
Financial Statement Preparation.
These condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) for interim financial information and the instructions to Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the interim financial information includes all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods. These condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited and should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended September 29, 2024. Operating results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire fiscal year.
We operate and report using a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the last Sunday in September. Each of the three and six months ended March 30, 2025 and March 24, 2024 included 13 weeks and 26 weeks, respectively. Our fiscal year for 2025 will include 52 weeks.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and the disclosure of contingent amounts in our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements.
Segment Reporting Disclosures:
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new requirements to disclose certain incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis, including (among other items) additional disclosure about significant segment expenses. We will adopt the new requirements for our annual periods starting in fiscal 2025 (and interim periods thereafter) on a retrospective basis.
Income Tax Disclosures:
In December 2023, the FASB issued new requirements to disclose annually certain additional detailed income tax information related to the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid, among other items. We will adopt the new requirements starting in fiscal 2026 on a retrospective basis.
Income