security/cybersecurity matters, the Audit Committee receives cybersecurity updates on a quarterly basis and an IT security/cybersecurity briefing from management, typically including our Vice President of Cybersecurity, on at least a semi-annual basis. At least annually, the full Board also receives updates on the Cybersecurity Program and cybersecurity risks. In addition to this regular reporting, significant cybersecurity threats or incidents may also be escalated on an as-needed basis through our organizational structure in accordance with our incident response process.
Key elements of our Cybersecurity Program, including defending against key cybersecurity threats and risks, are overseen by our Vice President of Cybersecurity, the Information Security and Risk Management (ISRM) organization, and
37
certain legal functions under the office of the General Counsel, which includes subject matter experts focused on identifying and managing cybersecurity threats and consequences where technically feasible and commensurate with risk. Our Vice President of Cybersecurity has over 20 years of experience in cybersecurity gained across numerous leadership roles in Qualcomm’s IT and Cybersecurity organization, including security architecture, risk and compliance, incident response, security operations and identity management. That experience is supplemented by the collective experience and expertise across the ISRM organization, which includes the Cyber Security Operations Center, Cyber Defense Engineering Services, Cyber Identity and Architecture, Cyber Governance Risk and Compliance, and Threat Intelligence teams, among others. The Cybersecurity Program is also supported by additional members of senior management, including our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer and General Counsel, through regular reporting and review.
Item 2. Properties
At September 29, 2024, we occupied the following facilities (square footage in millions)
:
Our headquarters and certain of our research and development and network management hub operations are located in San Diego, California. We also operate owned and leased manufacturing facilities in China, Germany and Singapore, and we own and lease properties around the world for use as sales and administrative offices and research and development centers, primarily in the United States, India and China. Our facility leases expire at varying dates through 2038, not including renewals that are at our option. Several other owned and leased facilities are under construction totaling approximately 0.8 million additional square feet, primarily related to the construction of new facilities in India. We do not identify or allocate facilities by operating segment.
Information related to our additional capital requirements is provided in this Annual Report in “Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in