accounting estimates and policies that may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity than others include: the estimation of sales-based royalty revenues; the impairment of non-marketable equity investments; the valuation of inventories; the impairment of goodwill, other indefinite-lived assets and long-lived assets; the recognition, measurement and disclosure of loss contingencies related to legal and regulatory proceedings; and the calculation of our income tax provision, including the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
Fiscal Year.
We operate and report using a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the last Sunday in September. Fiscal 2024 included 53 weeks, and fiscal years 2023 and 2022 included 52 weeks. Our fiscal year for 2025 will include 52 weeks.
Cash Equivalents.
We consider all highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents may be comprised of money market funds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, corporate bonds and notes and certain bank time deposits, U.S. Treasury securities and government-related securities. The carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short maturities of these instruments.
Marketable Securities.
Marketable securities include marketable equity securities, available-for-sale debt securities and, from time-to-time, certain time deposits. We classify marketable securities as current or noncurrent based on the nature of the securities and their availability for use in current operations. Marketable securities are stated at fair value with all realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments in marketable equity securities and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities recognized in investment and other income (expense), net. Debt securities are classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity at the time of purchase and reevaluated at each balance sheet date. The realized and unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities are determined using the specific identification method.
If a debt security has an unrealized loss and we either intend to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery, we record an impairment charge to investment and other income (expense), net for the entire amount of the unrealized loss and adjust the amortized cost basis of the security. For the remaining debt securities, if an unrealized loss exists, we separate the impairment into the portion of the loss related to credit factors and the portion of the loss that is not related to credit factors. Unrealized gains or unrealized losses that are not related to credit factors on available-for-sale debt securities are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income