the “Liquidity and Capital Resources” section under the heading “Additional Capital Requirements.” Additional information on net property, plant and equipment by geography is provided in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8. Segment Information.”
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Information regarding certain legal proceedings is provided in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies.”
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
38
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information and Dividends
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) under the symbol “QCOM.” At November 4, 2024, there were 5,848 holders of record of our common stock.
We currently intend to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders. Future dividends may be affected by, among other items, our views on potential future capital availability and requirements, including those relating to research and development, creation and expansion of sales and distribution channels, investments and acquisitions, legal and regulatory risks, withholding of payments by one or more of our significant licensees and/or customers, fines and/or adverse rulings by government agencies, courts or arbitrators in legal or regulatory matters, stock repurchase programs, debt issuances, changes in federal, state or foreign income tax law, trade and/or national security protection policies, volatility in economies and financial markets or other macroeconomic conditions, and changes to our business model.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our purchases of our common stock in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 were:
(1) Average Price Paid Per Share excludes cash paid for commissions.
(2) On October 12, 2021, we announced a $10.0 billion stock repurchase program. At September 29, 2024, $1.0 billion remained authorized for repurchase under this stock repurchase program. On November 6, 2024, we announced a new $15.0 billion stock repurchase authorization, which is in addition to the aforementioned program. The stock repurchase programs have no expiration date
.
Shares withheld to satisfy statutory tax withholding requirements related to the vesting of share-based awards are not issued or considered stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and, therefore, are excluded from the table above.
Stock Performance Graph
The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the NASDAQ-100 Index (NASDAQ-100) for the five years ended September 29, 2024. The S&P 500 tracks the aggregate price performance of the equity securities of 500 United States companies selected by Standard & Poor’s Index Committee