breached Nuvia’s Architecture License Agreement with Arm (the Nuvia ALA) by failing to comply with the termination obligations under the Nuvia ALA. Arm is seeking specific performance, including that we cease all use of and destroy any technology that was developed under the Nuvia ALA, including processor core technology (which Arm alleges includes our custom Qualcomm Oryon CPU cores). Arm’s complaint also contended that we violated the Lanham Act through trademark infringement and false designation of origin through unauthorized use of Arm’s trademarks and sought associated injunctive and declaratory relief; however, Arm dismissed these claims prior to trial. On September 30, 2022, we filed our Answer and Counterclaim in response to Arm’s complaint denying Arm’s claims. Our counterclaim seeks a declaratory judgment that we did not breach the Nuvia ALA or the Technology License Agreement between Nuvia and Arm, and that, following the acquisition of Nuvia, our architected cores (including all further developments, iterations or instantiations of the technology we acquired from Nuvia) and System-on-Chip (SoC) products incorporating such cores are fully licensed under our existing Architecture License Agreement with Arm (the Qualcomm ALA) and Technology License Agreement with Arm (the Qualcomm TLA). A trial was held beginning on December 16, 2024, and on December 20, 2024, the jury found that (i) Qualcomm did not breach the Nuvia ALA and (ii) Qualcomm CPUs that include designs acquired in the Nuvia acquisition are licensed under the Qualcomm ALA. The jury was unable to reach a verdict with respect to Arm’s claim as to whether Nuvia breached the Nuvia ALA. The parties have filed various post-trial motions in this matter, including motions for judgment as a matter of law. We intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves against Arm’s claims in this matter.
On April 18, 2024, we filed a separate complaint (captioned
QUALCOMM Incorporated v. Arm Ltd.
) against Arm in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The complaint alleges that Arm has breached the Qualcomm ALA by failing to provide certain deliverables that Arm is obligated to provide. The complaint seeks an order that Arm comply with its contractual obligations, damages, and additional relief. Arm moved to dismiss this complaint, and on October 30, 2024, the court denied Arm’s motion to dismiss. On December 16, 2024, we filed a First Amended Complaint, alleging additional causes of action based on Arm improperly seeking to terminate the Qualcomm ALA and improperly publicizing that it was seeking to terminate the Qualcomm ALA. Arm has moved to dismiss the First Amended Complaint. On March 27, 2025, we moved to file a Second Amended Complaint to add a claim that Arm has breached the Qualcomm TLA by failing to provide license offers at commercially reasonable prices and terms. Trial is scheduled to begin on March 9, 2026.
On October 22, 2024, Arm provided us with a notice