of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. By their nature, estimates are inherently subject to a degree of uncertainty. Although we believe that our estimates and the assumptions supporting our assessments are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from our estimates and assumptions, and could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
In addition to our critical accounting estimates and policies below, refer to “Note 1. Significant Accounting Policies” and “Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items” included in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further information. If the impact of changes in our critical accounting estimates are material or considered necessary to understand our results of operations for the periods presented, then such information is disclosed within this Annual Report in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
47
Revenue Recognition
.
We grant licenses or otherwise provide rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which, among other rights, includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture, sale or use of certain wireless products. We estimate and recognize sales-based royalties on such licensed products in the period in which the licensees’ sales occur, which is based largely on preliminary royalty estimates provided by our licensees. For fiscal 2024 and 2023, actual amounts for sales-based royalties have been materially consistent with such estimates, and no significant reversals of revenues have been required as a result of adjustments to prior period royalty estimates.
Impairment of Non-marketable Equity Investments.
We monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate impairment, including those that result from observable price adjustments. Key considerations in this assessment include the investee’s financial and liquidity position and business forecasts (including their ability to respond to any significant deterioration), industry performance, development and/or market acceptance of the investee’s products or technologies, as well as considering any appreciation in fair value that has not been recognized in the carrying values of such investments and other relevant events and factors. In fiscal 2024 and 2023, there were no significant impairment losses or adjustments to our previous judgments and estimates recorded.
Inventories.
We measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value considering judgments and estimates related to future customer demand and other market conditions, such as the impact of the macroeconomic environment in fiscal 2023, which