Statement - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures:
In November 2024, the FASB issued new requirements to disclose certain additional expense information on an annual and interim basis, including (among other items) the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization included within each income statement expense caption, as applicable. We will adopt the new requirements for our annual periods starting in fiscal 2028 (and interim periods thereafter) on a prospective basis.
Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items
We have multi-year capacity purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products. Total advance payments related to multi-year capacity purchase commitments recorded on our condensed consolidated balance sheets at March 30, 2025 and September 29, 2024 were $
2.7
billion and $
3.0
billion, respectively, of which $
1.6
billion and $
765
million were recorded in other current assets, respectively, and $
1.1
billion and $
2.2
billion were recorded in other assets, respectively.
9
Revenues.
We disaggregate our revenues by segment (Note 6), by products and services (as presented on our condensed consolidated statements of operations), and for our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) segment, by revenue stream, which is based on the industry and application in which our products are sold (as presented below). In certain cases, the determination of QCT revenues by industry and application requires the use of certain assumptions. Substantially all of QCT’s revenues consist of equipment revenues that are recognized at a point in time, and substantially all of QTL’s (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) revenues represent licensing revenues that are recognized over time and are principally from royalties generated through our licensees’ sales of mobile handsets.
QCT revenue streams were as follows (in millions):
(1)
Includes revenues from products sold for use in mobile handsets.
(2)
Includes revenues from products sold for use in automobiles, including connectivity, digital cockpit and advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and automated driving (AD).
(3)
Primarily includes products sold for use in the following industries and applications: consumer (including personal computers (PCs), tablets, voice and music and extended reality (XR)), edge networking (including mobile broadband and wireless access points) and industrial (including handhelds, retail, tracking and logistics and utilities).
Revenues recognized from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods generally include certain sales-based royalty revenues related to system software, certain amounts related to customer incentives and licensing revenues recognized related to devices sold in prior periods (including revenues resulting from certain settlements and adjustments to prior period royalty estimates, which include the impact of the reporting by our licensees of