transform the in-vehicle experience, enabling greater personalization of content and settings for both drivers and passengers as automakers respond to growing interest from consumers to bring their digital lifestyles into the vehicle. Car-to-cloud platforms are designed to help automakers improve cost efficiencies, create new service opportunities throughout the lifecycle of a vehicle with over-the-air (OTA) update capabilities and gather valuable vehicle and usage analytics. This is driving the development of a new architecture for the software-defined vehicle. According to analyst data, 67% of new vehicles produced in 2030 are projected to have embedded cellular connectivity, with 48% of new vehicles featuring 5G connectivity compared to 11% of new vehicles featuring 5G connectivity in 2024 (TechInsights, September 2024). In addition, high-performance, low-power computing technologies, with added security and safety required for automotive products, are being used to improve vehicles with advanced driver assistance and automated driving features that we expect to scale across vehicle tiers and continue the progression toward higher levels of autonomy, safety and convenience. Analysts estimate that 39% of new light duty vehicles sold globally in 2027 will have Level 2 (i.e., partial driving automation) or higher autonomy, compared to an estimated 20% of new light duty vehicles sold globally in 2024 (TechInsights, September 2024).
IoT.
Industry demand for IoT devices is expected to remain strong across consumer, edge networking and industrial applications, in part due to expanded use cases enabled by 5G and AI technologies, including generative AI.
Consumer.
Consumer IoT products, including personal computing (e.g., tablets and PCs), voice and music and XR, continue to adopt the latest mobile connectivity, processing and intelligence technologies including on-device AI capabilities. This enables new services, applications and experiences that can be run directly on the device, driving improvements in latency, cost and privacy. For example, a new class of AI-focused PCs, including those powered by our Snapdragon X Series platforms, launched in 2024, allowing for increased productivity and enhanced use cases enabled by on-device AI processing at low power. By 2027, analysts expect that at least 50% of PCs sold will be AI capable, compared to 22% of PCs in 2024 (consensus of certain third party analysts as of October 1, 2024).
Edge Networking.
Advances in wireless technology are helping to drive demand for edge networking products (including mobile broadband and wireless access points). 5G provides the flexibility to support both mobile and fixed wireless users with the delivery of high-speed, low-latency connections, enabling operators to replace traditional “last-mile” wired broadband connections. Additionally, advancements in Wi-Fi are driving consumer and enterprise demand for the latest Wi-Fi 6, 6E, and 7 access point technologies that leverage