alleging that we have breached the Qualcomm ALA by marketing products that contain CPUs that Arm alleges use designs, technology and code created by Nuvia employees prior to our acquisition of Nuvia; by seeking support and verification from Arm for additional products that use such alleged designs, technology and code; and by suing Arm for breach of the Qualcomm ALA. Arm’s notice asserts that it will have the right to terminate the Qualcomm ALA if such alleged breaches are not cured within 60 days of such notice. We disagree with Arm’s allegations, including that we are, or have been, in breach of the Qualcomm ALA. On January 8, 2025, Arm notified us that it was withdrawing its October 22, 2024 notice of breach and indicated that it has no current plan to terminate the Qualcomm ALA, while reserving its rights pending the outcome of the ongoing litigation.
Contingent Losses and Other Considerations:
Litigation and investigations are inherently uncertain, and we face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes or ranges of possible loss, particularly in antitrust and trade regulation investigations. We have
no
t recorded any accrual at March 30, 2025 for contingent losses associated with the pending matters described above based on our belief that losses, while reasonably possible, are not probable. Further, any possible amount or range of loss cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We are engaged in numerous other legal actions not described above (for example, our 2010 European Commission matter relating to the Icera complaint, and other matters arising in the ordinary course of our business, including those relating to employment matters or the initiation or defense of proceedings relating to intellectual property rights) and, while there can be no assurance, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these other legal actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
13
Note 6. Segment Information
We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments.
We conduct business primarily through our QCT semiconductor business and our QTL licensing business. QCT develops and supplies integrated circuits and system software with advanced connectivity and high-performance, low-power computing technologies for use in mobile devices; automotive systems for connectivity, digital cockpit and ADAS/AD; and IoT including consumer electronic devices, industrial devices and edge networking products. QTL grants licenses or otherwise provides rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture and sale of certain wireless products. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable