debt. Derivative instruments are recorded at fair value and included in other current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity dates. Counterparties to these derivative instruments are all major banking institutions. At September 29, 2024, the aggregate fair value of our derivative instruments recorded in total assets and in total liabilities were $
30
million and $
138
million, respectively. At September 24, 2023, the aggregate fair value of our derivative instruments recorded in total assets and in total liabilities were $
32
million and $
317
million, respectively.
Foreign Currency Hedges:
We manage our exposure to foreign exchange market risks, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial counterparties, that may or may not be designated as hedging instruments. These derivative instruments generally have maturity dates between
one
and
24
months. Gains and losses arising from such contracts that are designated as cash flow hedging instruments are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as gains and losses on derivative instruments, net of income taxes. The hedging gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are subsequently reclassified to revenues or costs and expenses, as applicable, in the consolidated statements of operations in the same period in which the underlying transactions affect our earnings. For foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments, the changes in fair value are recorded in
investment and other income (expense)
, net in the period of change.
The cash flows associated with such derivative instruments are classified as cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows, which is the same category as the hedged transaction.
Interest Rate Swaps:
From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap agreements that allow us to effectively convert fixed-rate payments into floating-rate payments on portions of our outstanding long-term debt. We enter into these agreements to manage interest rate risk associated with our cash equivalents and marketable securities, in addition to changes in the fair value of our outstanding debt. These transactions are designated as fair value hedges, and the gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps substantially offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt that are attributable to changes in the market interest rates. The net gains and losses on the interest rate swaps, as well as the offsetting gains or losses on the related fixed-rate debt attributable to the hedged risks, are recognized as interest expense in the current period. The interest settlement payments associated with the interest rate swap agreements are classified as cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statements of