15.0
billion stock repurchase program announced on November 6, 2024, which has no expiration date. At March 30, 2025, $
12.5
billion remained authorized for repurchase under our stock repurchase program.
Shares Outstanding.
Shares of common stock outstanding at March 30, 2025 were as follows (in millions):
Dividends.
On March 18, 2025, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend per share of common stock from $
0.85
to $
0.89
, which is effective for dividends payable after March 27, 2025. On
April 18, 2025
, we announced a cash dividend of $
0.89
per share on our common stock, payable on
June 26, 2025
to stockholders of record as of the close of business on
June 5, 2025
.
11
Earnings Per Common Share.
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the combination of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and the weighted-average number of dilutive common share equivalents, comprised of shares issuable under our share-based compensation plans, during the reporting period, using the treasury stock method.
The following table provides information about the diluted earnings per share calculation (in millions):
Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings.
Consumer Class Action Lawsuits:
Beginning
in January 2017, a number of consumer class action complaints were filed against us in the United States District Courts for the Southern and Northern Districts of California, each on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of cellular phones and other cellular devices. The cases filed in the Southern District of California were subsequently transferred to the Northern District of California. On July 11, 2017, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint alleging that we violated California and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by, among other things, refusing to license standard-essential patents to our competitors, conditioning the supply of certain of our baseband chipsets on the purchaser first agreeing to license our entire patent portfolio, entering into exclusive deals with companies, including Apple Inc., and charging unreasonably high royalties that do not comply with our commitments to standard setting organizations. The complaint sought unspecified damages and disgorgement and/or restitution, as well as an order that we be enjoined from further unlawful conduct. On September 27, 2018, the court certified the class. We appealed the court’s class certification order to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (Ninth Circuit). On September 29, 2021, the Ninth Circuit vacated the class certification order, ruling that the district court had failed to correctly assess the propriety of applying California law to a nationwide class, and remanded the case to the district court. On June 10, 2022, the