promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing programs in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies, and/or governments or regulators, may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world.
Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in “Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors” included in this Annual Report.
45
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs, which we believe will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans.
The following table presents selected financial information related to our liquidity as of and for the years ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 (in millions):
(1) Excludes $77 million of cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale at September 24, 2023.
(2) Includes our issued debt reported as long-term and short-term.
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.
The net increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities and $383 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock (primarily under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan), partially offset by $4.1 billion in payments to repurchase shares of our common stock, $3.7 billion in cash dividends paid, $1.0 billion in capital expenditures, $932 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards and $914 million in repayments of notes that matured in May 2024.
During fiscal 2024, income taxes paid were in excess of our provision, negatively impacting net cash provided by operating activities. This was primarily driven by the adverse impact of the requirement to capitalize and amortize research and development expenditures for federal income tax purposes, our payment of $1.0 billion related to certain previously postponed U.S. federal income tax payments from fiscal 2023 and an installment payment for a one-time U.S. repatriation tax accrued in fiscal 2018 of $414 million.
Net changes in our operating assets and liabilities positively impacted our operating cash flows in fiscal 2024 primarily from an increase in accrued customer incentives, which included the impact of timing of related payments, and an increase in accounts payable due to timing and amount of inventory purchases, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable due to higher revenues.
Debt.
At September 29, 2024
, we had $15.0 billion of principal fixed-rate notes outstanding, $1.4 billion
of which matures in May 2025. The remaining debt