dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the combination of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and the weighted-average number of dilutive common share equivalents, comprised of shares issuable under our share-based compensation plans, during the reporting period, using the treasury stock method.
The following table provides information about the diluted earnings per share calculation (in millions):
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted.
Segment Reporting Disclosures:
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new requirements to disclose certain incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis, including (among other items) additional disclosure about significant segment expenses. We will adopt the new requirements for our annual periods starting in fiscal 2025 (and interim periods thereafter) on a retrospective basis.
Income Tax Disclosures:
In December 2023, the FASB issued new requirements to disclose annually certain additional detailed income tax information related to the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid, among other items. We will adopt the new requirements starting in fiscal 2026 on a retrospective basis.
Income Statement - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures
: In November 2024, the FASB issued new requirements to disclose certain additional expense information on an annual and interim basis, including (among other items) the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization included within each income statement expense caption, as applicable. We will adopt the new requirements starting in fiscal 2028 on a prospective basis.
Note 2.
Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items
F-14
QUALCOMM Incorporated
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Depreciation and amortization expense related to property, plant and equipment for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
1.4
billion, $
1.4
billion and $
1.3
billion, respectively.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
We allocate goodwill to our reporting units for impairment testing purposes.
The following table presents the goodwill allocated to our segments, as described in Note 8, as well as the changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill during fiscal 2024 and 2023 (in millions):
(1)
Cumulative goodwill impairments were $
812
million at both September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023.
The components of other intangible assets, net were as follows (in millions):
All of these intangible assets are subject to amortization, other than acquired in-process research and development which had a carrying value of $
188
million and $
435
million at
September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense related to these intangible assets was $
311
million, $
418
million and $
482
million for fiscal