that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated
F-1
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Revenue Recognition – Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT) Customer Incentive Arrangements
As described in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s QCT segment, which recorded revenues of $33.2 billion in fiscal 2024, records reductions to revenues for customer incentive arrangements, including volume-related and other pricing rebates and cost reimbursements for marketing and other activities involving certain products and technologies, in the period that the related revenues are earned. For certain QCT customer incentive arrangements, there is complexity in applying certain contractual terms to determine the amount recorded as a reduction to revenues. The amounts accrued for customer incentive arrangements are recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable, net or as other current liabilities based on whether the Company has the intent and contractual right of offset. Certain amounts recorded as a reduction to revenues for customer incentive arrangements are considered variable consideration and are included in the transaction price primarily based on estimating the most likely amount expected to be provided to the customer.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition of QCT customer incentive arrangements is a critical audit matter are a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained related to the completeness and accuracy of reductions to revenues and accruals for QCT customer incentives arrangements recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing