party acquisition and integration services costs and certain other items, which may include major restructuring and restructuring-related costs, asset impairment charges and awards, settlements and/or damages arising from legal or regulatory matters. Our CODM does not evaluate our operating segments using discrete asset information.
The table below presents revenues and EBT for reportable segments (in millions):
Reconciling items for revenues and EBT in the previous table were as follows (in millions):
The net book value of long-lived tangible assets located outside of the U.S. (the majority of which is located in Taiwan and the rest of the Asia-Pacific region) was $
3.5
billion and $
3.6
billion at September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. The net book value of long-lived tangible assets located in the U.S. was $
1.9
billion and $
2.0
billion at September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively.
F-26
QUALCOMM Incorporated
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Beginning in fiscal 2024, revenues by country are presented based on our customer’s/licensee’s headquarter location and were as follows (in millions):
Previously, revenues by country were presented based on the location to which our products or services were delivered. For QCT, this was the country in which our customers manufacture their products and for licensing revenues, the invoiced addresses of our licensees, and was not necessarily indicative of either the country in which the devices containing our products and/or intellectual property are ultimately sold to consumers or the country in which the companies that sell the devices were headquartered. We believe this change generally provides a better representation of the geographic profile of our revenues. However, it is still not necessarily indicative of the country in which the devices containing our products and/or intellectual property are ultimately sold to consumers. Prior period information has been recast to reflect this change.
For comparative purposes, based on the location to which our products or services are delivered, revenues from sales into China (including Hong Kong), United States, South Korea, and Vietnam were
66
%,
3
%,
7
%, and
12
% of total revenues, respectively, for fiscal 2024.
Note 9.
Fair Value Measurements and Marketable Securities
The following table presents our fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 29, 2024 (in millions):
(1)
Other investments and other liabilities included in Level 1 are comprised of our deferred compensation plan assets and liabilities.
F-27
QUALCOMM Incorporated
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
At September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, our marketable securities were all classified as current and were primarily comprised of available-for-sale debt securities (substantially all of which were corporate bonds and notes).
The contractual maturities of available-for-sale debt