revenues, is generally upon execution of a license agreement. If all such conditions are not met, revenues and any associated receivables are generally not recognized until such time that the required conditions are met. Cash collected from customers prior to a contract existing is recorded to other customer-related liabilities in other current liabilities.
From time to time, companies initiate various strategies in an attempt to negotiate, renegotiate, reduce and/or eliminate their need to pay royalties to us for the use of our intellectual property, which may include disputing, underreporting, underpaying, not reporting and/or not paying royalties owed to us under their license agreements with us, or reporting to us in a manner that is not in compliance with their contractual obligations. In such cases, we estimate and recognize licensing revenues only when we have a contract, as defined in the revenue recognition guidance, which includes, among other items, evaluating whether our license agreements remain valid and enforceable and evaluating licensees’ conduct and whether they remain committed to perform their respective obligations. We also estimate and recognize licensing revenues only to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenues recognized will not occur, which includes, among other items, determining the expected impact, if any, to revenues of any license agreements that may be renegotiated and/or are newly entered into. We analyze the risk of a significant revenue reversal considering both the likelihood and magnitude of the reversal and, if necessary, constrain the amount of estimated revenues recognized in order to mitigate this risk, which may result in recognizing revenues less than amounts contractually owed to us. These aforementioned estimates may require significant judgment.
We measure revenues (including our estimates of sales-based royalties) based on the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for products or services. We record reductions to revenues for customer incentive arrangements, including volume-related and other pricing rebates and cost reimbursements for marketing and other activities involving certain of our products and technologies, in the period that the related revenues are earned. For certain QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) customer incentive arrangements, there is complexity in applying certain contractual terms to determine the amount recorded as a reduction to revenues. For the periods presented, no significant reversals of revenues have been made related to such amounts previously recorded. The amounts accrued for customer incentive arrangements are recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable, net or as other current liabilities based on whether we have the intent and enforceable right of offset. Certain amounts recorded as a reduction to revenues for customer incentive arrangements are considered variable consideration and are included in the