such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. PwC is not subject to the liability provisions of Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) for its report on the unaudited condensed consolidated financial information because that report is not a “report” or a “part” of a registration statement prepared or certified by PwC within the meaning of Sections 7 and 11 of the Act.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareowners and Board of Directors of RTX Corporation
Results of Review of Interim Financial Information
We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet of RTX Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of March 31, 2025, and the related condensed consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity, and of cash flows for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “interim financial information”). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying interim financial information for it to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity, and of cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein), and in our report dated February 3, 2025, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived.
Basis for Review Results
This interim financial information is the responsibility of the Company’s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our review in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
April 22,