Customer Oriented Results and Excellence (CORE) operating platform to the execution of these initiatives. However, the impact of these pressures and corresponding initiatives is uncertain and subject to a range of factors and future developments.
Since February 2025, the U.S. government has issued several executive orders imposing tariffs on imports from most countries with whom the U.S. engages in trade (the Tariff EOs). In response to the Tariff EOs, China, the European Union and Canada have announced, and in some cases imposed, counter tariffs on goods that are imported from the U.S.  Our businesses import goods subject to tariffs from many countries covered by the Tariff EOs and they also import goods into countries which have announced counter tariffs and other actions. We are pursuing a variety of actions to mitigate the potential impact of tariffs, including (i) utilizing available exemptions or exclusions to tariffs, such as trade agreements, treaties or other statutory relief, (ii) evaluating operational and supply chain changes, and (iii) where feasible, increasing the prices of our goods and services. The uncertainties created by these changes in global trade policy and the imposition of tariffs, counter tariffs and non-tariff countermeasures by countries subject to U.S. tariffs may adversely affect our previously issued 2025 outlook with respect to our results of operations and cash flows. If the imposition of current tariff levels is sustained, we expect our profitability, cash flows and estimates inherent in our financial statements to be negatively affected. The actual financial impacts of tariffs are dependent upon various factors, most notably, the scope of goods covered by tariffs, the value of our imports subject to tariffs, the rate of tariffs applied, the timing and duration of tariffs, the implementation of tariff and non-tariff countermeasures by countries subject to U.S. tariffs, and our ability to mitigate the impacts of tariffs. Changes in any of these factors and actual tariff costs incurred could significantly affect the estimates inherent in our financial statements, including those used in our estimates-at-completion (EACs), and estimates supporting the recoverability of our inventories, contract fulfillment costs, deferred tax assets, intangible assets and goodwill, and could have a material effect on our results of operations and cash flows in the periods recognized and paid.
U.S. Government’s Budget.
On March 15, 2025, the President signed a continuing resolution (CR) under which U.S. government Departments and Agencies will continue to operate through September 30, 2025, the end of the government fiscal year. The CR funds the government at fiscal year 2024 levels with certain exceptions, including the addition of approximately $6 billion to the DoD budget. Although Congress provided guidelines to the Executive Branch, the CR generally permits individual Departments and Agencies to determine the areas and programs