referred to as the “Powder Metal Matter”).
Global Supply Chain.
We are dependent on a global supply chain and have experienced supply chain disruptions that resulted in delays and increased costs and adversely affected our performance. These disruptions impacted our ability to procure raw materials, microelectronics, and certain commodities on a timely basis and/or at expected prices, and are driven by supply chain market constraints and macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and labor market shortages. Current geopolitical conditions, including conflicts and other causes of strained intercountry relations, as well as sanctions and other trade restrictive activities, such as tariffs, are contributing to these issues. Furthermore, our suppliers and subcontractors have been impacted by these same issues. As a result of the Canadian government’s imposition of sanctions in February 2024, including those imposed on U.S.- and German-based Russian-owned entities from which we source titanium for use in our Canadian operations, we recorded charges of $175 million in the first quarter of 2024 within our Collins segment. These charges were primarily related to the recognition of unfavorable purchase commitments and an impairment of contract fulfillment costs that were no longer recoverable as a result of initiating alternative titanium sources. We have implemented actions and programs to mitigate some of the impacts but anticipate supply chain disruptions to continue.
Economic Environment.
The inflationary environment has increased material and component prices, labor rates, and supplier costs and has negatively impacted our performance, including our productivity expectations. Due to the nature of our government and commercial aerospace businesses, and their respective customer and supplier contracts, we are not always able to offset cost increases by increasing our contract value or pricing, in particular on our fixed-price contracts. Increasing material, component, and labor prices could subject us to losses in our fixed price contracts in the event of cost overruns. In addition, higher interest rates have increased the cost of borrowing and tightened the availability of capital. Among other things, these effects can constrain our customers’ purchasing power and decrease orders for our products and services and impact the ability of our customers to make payments and our suppliers to perform. Moreover, changes in the macroeconomic environment, including volatility with respect to global trade policy, interest rates, and financial markets, can lead to economic uncertainty, an economic downturn or recession and impact the demand for our products and services as well as our supply chain. We continue to pursue strategic and operational initiatives to help address these macroeconomic pressures, including our digital transformation, operational modernization, cost reduction, and advanced technology programs, and we apply our
31
Table of Contents