otherwise noted, while we are unable to predict the final outcome, based on information currently available, we do not believe that resolution of any of the following matters will have a material adverse effect upon our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
Environmental.
Our operations are subject to environmental regulation by federal, state, and local authorities in the United States and regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over our foreign operations. We have accrued for the costs of environmental remediation activities, including but not limited to investigatory, remediation, operating and maintenance costs, and performance guarantees, and periodically reassess these amounts. We do not expect any additional liability to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. As of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had $
0.8
billion reserved for environmental remediation.
Commercial Aerospace Financing and Other Commitments.
We had commercial aerospace financing commitments and other contractual commitments of approximately $
13.9
billion and $
14.1
billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, on a gross basis before reduction for our collaboration partners’ share. Aircraft financing commitments, in the form of debt or lease financing, are provided to certain commercial aerospace customers. The extent to which the financing commitments will be utilized is not currently known, since customers may be able to obtain more favorable terms from other financing sources. We may also arrange for third-party investors to assume a portion of these commitments. The majority of financing commitments are collateralized arrangements. We may also lease aircraft and subsequently sublease the aircraft to customers under long-term non-cancelable operating leases, or pay deposits on behalf of our customers to secure production slots with the airframers (pre-delivery payments). Our financing commitments with customers are contingent upon maintenance of certain levels of financial condition by our customers. Associated risks on these commitments are mitigated due to the fact that interest rates are variable during the commitment term and are set at the date of funding based on current market conditions, the fair value of the underlying collateral, and the creditworthiness of our customers. As a result, the fair value of these financing commitments is expected to equal the amounts funded.
We also have other contractual commitments to make payments to secure certain contractual rights to provide product on new aircraft platforms. The estimated amount and timing of these payments are generally based on future sales or engine flight hours. Payments made on these contractual commitments are included within intangible assets as exclusivity assets and are amortized over the term of underlying economic benefit. We have entered into certain collaboration