U.S. government regulations (e.g., Arms Export Control Act (AECA), Export Administration Regulations (EAR), Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), and ITAR) may also be investigated or audited. In addition, we accrue for liabilities associated with those matters that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. The most likely liability amount to be incurred is accrued based upon a range of estimates. Where no amount within a range of estimates is more likely, then we accrue the minimum amount. Other than as specifically disclosed in this Form 10-Q, we do not expect these audits, investigations, or disputes to have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity, either individually or in the aggregate.
Tax Treatment of Carrier and Otis Dispositions.
Management has determined that the distributions of Carrier and Otis on
April 3, 2020, and certain related internal business separation transactions, qualified as tax-free under applicable law. In making these determinations, we applied the tax law in the relevant jurisdictions to our facts and circumstances and obtained tax rulings
19
Table of Contents
from the relevant taxing authorities, tax opinions, and/or other external tax advice related to the concluded tax treatment. If the completed distributions of Carrier or Otis or certain internal business separation transactions were to fail to qualify for tax-free treatment, the Company could be subject to significant liabilities, and there could be material adverse impacts on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity in future reporting periods.
Pratt & Whitney Powder Metal Matter.
In 2023, Pratt & Whitney determined that a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain engine parts requires accelerated inspection of the PW1100G-JM (PW1100) Geared Turbofan (GTF) fleet, which powers the A320neo family of aircraft (A320neo) (herein referred to as the “Powder Metal Matter”).
On August 4, 2023, Pratt & Whitney issued a special instruction (SI) to operators of PW1100 GTF powered A320neo aircraft, which required accelerated inspections and engine removals covering an initial subset of operational engines, no later than September 15, 2023. During the third quarter of 2023, through its safety management system, Pratt & Whitney continued its engineering and industrial assessment, which resulted in an updated fleet management plan for the remaining PW1100 fleet. This updated plan requires a combination of part inspections and retirements for some high pressure turbine and high pressure compressor parts made from affected raw material. Guidance to affected operators was released via service bulletins (SB) and SI in November 2023, and this guidance has been reflected in airworthiness directives issued by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). Consistent with previous information, the actions are resulting in significant incremental shop visits.
As a result of this matter,