Pratt & Whitney expects aircraft on ground levels for the PW1100 powered A320neo fleet to remain elevated through 2026. As a result of anticipated increased aircraft on ground levels and expected compensation to customers for this disruption, as well as incremental maintenance costs resulting from increased inspections and shop visits, Pratt & Whitney recorded a pre-tax operating profit charge in the third quarter of 2023 of $
2.9
billion, reflecting Pratt & Whitney’s net
51
% program share of the PW1100 program. This amount reflected our best estimate of expected customer compensation for the estimated duration of the disruption as well as the EAC adjustment impact of this matter to Pratt & Whitney’s long-term maintenance contracts. The incremental costs to the business’s long-term maintenance contracts include the estimated cost of additional inspections, replacement of parts, and other related impacts.
The charge recorded in the third quarter of 2023 resulted in a net increase in Other accrued liabilities of $
2.8
billion, which principally related to our
51
% share of an accrual for expected customer compensation. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had other accrued liabilities of $
1.4
billion and $
1.7
billion, respectively, primarily related to expected compensation to customers. The decrease in the accrual during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 was primarily due to customer compensation in the form of credits issued to customers during the period.
Other engine models within Pratt & Whitney’s fleet contain parts manufactured with affected powder metal, but we do not currently believe there will be any resultant significant financial impact with respect to these other engine models at this time. The financial impact of the powder metal issue is based on historical experience and is subject to various assumptions and judgments, most notably, the number and expected timing of shop visits, inspection results and scope of work to be performed, turnaround time, availability of parts, available capacity at overhaul facilities, and outcomes of negotiations with impacted customers. While these assumptions reflect our best estimates at this time, they are subject to variability. Potential changes to these assumptions and actual incurred costs could significantly affect the estimates inherent in our financial statements and could have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations for the periods in which they are recognized.
Legal Proceedings.
The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to various contract pricing disputes, government investigations, and litigation matters across jurisdictions, updates to certain of which are set forth below.
Cost Accounting Standards Claims
As previously disclosed, in April 2019, a Divisional Administrative Contracting Officer (DACO) of the United States DCMA asserted a claim against Pratt & Whitney to recover alleged overpayments of approximately $
1.7
billion plus interest ($
1.3
billion at