Collins joint venture. If China were to impose additional sanctions, enforce announced sanctions, or take other regulatory action against RTX, our suppliers, affiliates, or partners, it could potentially disrupt our business operations. Any impact of these or other potential sanctions or other actions by China, is uncertain.
32
Table of Contents
We have direct commercial sales contracts for products and services to certain foreign customers, for which U.S. government review and approval have been pending. The U.S. government’s approval of these sales is subject to a range of factors, including its foreign policies related to these customers, which are subject to continuing review and potential changes. Likewise, regulatory approvals previously granted for prior sales can be paused or revoked if the products and services have not yet been delivered to the customer. In addition, certain programs require approvals by foreign governments, and those approvals may not be obtained on a timely basis or at all or may be revoked. If we ultimately do not receive all of the regulatory approvals, or those approvals are revoked, it could have a material effect on our financial results.
We continue to closely monitor potential impacts to RTX’s business, customers, suppliers, employees, and operations in Israel, the Middle East, and the region at large due to renewed violence in Gaza, resumed Houthi missile attacks against Israel, and uncertainty related to regime change in Syria. RTX’s commercial manufacturing facilities in Israel remain open and operational and have continued exporting products and importing critical items and raw materials. RTX’s defense programs’ ability to receive components from Israel has not been impacted in any material respect, although we could experience future delivery delays of certain products if further escalations arise. To date, the overall impacts to RTX from this situation have been minimal; however, given the volatile nature of the situation, the potential impacts to RTX are subject to change.
See Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of these items.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
Preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. See “Critical Accounting Estimates” within Item 7 and “Note 1: Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Principles” within Item 8 of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which describe the significant accounting estimates and policies used in preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results in these areas could differ from management’s estimates.