on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
In April 2024, a shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery against the Company and certain current and former officers and directors of the Company alleging that defendants breached their fiduciary duties by failing to implement and enforce a reasonable oversight mechanism for compliance with antitrust laws. Based on the information available to date, we do not believe that this matter will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
Powder Metal Disclosure Litigation and SEC Investigation
Following the Company’s disclosures of a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain Pratt & Whitney engine parts,
two
sets of civil actions were filed against RTX. First,
two
putative federal securities class action lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut against the Company and certain current and former executives of the Company. The lawsuits allege that defendants violated federal securities laws by making material misstatements and omitting material facts relating to Pratt & Whitney’s GTF engine fleet, including the impact of the powder metal issue on the fleet, in various regulatory filings. The lawsuits were consolidated and remain pending. Second, multiple shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed against current and former officers and directors of the Company, all of which have now been consolidated into a single action which is pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The operative complaint in the consolidated action alleges that the defendants caused the Company to make materially false and misleading statements relating to Pratt & Whitney’s GTF engines, and failed to maintain an adequate system of oversight, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal controls over financial reporting. Based on the information available to date, we do not believe that either matter will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
On November 7, 2023, January 30, 2024, and May 21, 2024, the Company received subpoenas from the SEC seeking engineering, operational, organizational, accounting, and financial documents in connection with an investigation relating to the Company’s disclosures in 2023 of issues arising from Pratt & Whitney’s use of powder metal in manufacturing various engine parts, its identification of certain risks associated with those manufacturing processes, and corrective actions identified by Pratt & Whitney to mitigate those risks. The Company is cooperating with the SEC and is responding to the subpoenas. At this time, we are unable to predict the timing or outcome of this SEC investigation.
Where appropriate, we have recorded loss contingency accruals for the above-referenced matters. Unless noted above, loss contingency accruals are immaterial