Compliance Officer (SCO) to oversee compliance with the CA, the AECA, and the ITAR; (iii) an external audit of the Company’s AECA and ITAR compliance program; and (iv) implementation of additional remedial compliance measures related to AECA and ITAR compliance. The $
100
million portion of the settlement that is not subject to suspension, which was accrued by the Company in the second quarter of 2024, will be paid in installments, with $
34
million paid in September 2024, $
33
million due by August 29, 2025, and $
33
million due by August 29, 2026. As previously disclosed, the Company has determined that there is a probable risk of liability for potential penalties related to other export compliance matters which have been voluntarily disclosed to the cognizant regulators, but which are not subject to the CA. We have accrued $
251
million in the aggregate as of March 31, 2025 for these matters and the matters being resolved pursuant to the CA. We are currently unable to estimate the timing or outcome of the other voluntarily disclosed export compliance matters that are not subject to the CA. However, the Company does not believe these matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
UTC Equity Conversion Litigation
As previously disclosed, on December 6, 2022, a shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery against the Company and certain current and former members of its Board of Directors, alleging that defendants breached their fiduciary duties in May 2020 by amending the method by which United Technologies Corporation (UTC) equity awards were converted to certain Company equity awards following the separation of UTC into three independent, publicly traded companies. On July 23, 2024, in response to a motion to dismiss filed by defendants, the Court dismissed the shareholder derivative lawsuit in its entirety with prejudice. On August 22, 2024, the Plaintiff filed an appeal to the Delaware Supreme Court. We continue to believe that the lawsuit lacks merit. We also continue to believe that this matter will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
22
Table of Contents
Civil Litigation Related to Employee Hiring Practices
Pratt & Whitney is one of multiple defendants in a class action lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut alleging that Pratt & Whitney and the other defendants agreed to restrict the hiring and recruiting of certain engineers and skilled laborers in a manner that violated federal antitrust laws. As of December 2024, all defendants, including Pratt & Whitney, reached a settlement with class counsel. The Court has preliminarily approved the settlement, and we expect the Court will grant final approval of the settlement in 2025. Based on the information available to date, we do not believe that this matter will have a material adverse effect