designated as hedging instruments are recorded as investing cash flows within the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
Note 13: Fair Value Measurements
The following tables provide the valuation hierarchy classification of assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value and measured on a recurring basis in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet:
15
Table of Contents
Valuation Techniques.
Our derivative assets and liabilities include foreign exchange contracts that are measured at fair value using internal models based on observable market inputs such as forward rates, interest rates, our own credit risk, and our counterparties’ credit risks.
As of March 31, 2025, there has not been any significant impact to the fair value of our derivative liabilities due to our own credit risk. Similarly, there has not been any significant adverse impact to our derivative assets based on our evaluation of our counterparties’ credit risks.
The following table provides carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments that are not carried at fair value in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet:
The following tables provide the valuation hierarchy classification of assets and liabilities that are not carried at fair value in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet:
The fair value of our Short-term borrowings approximates the carrying value due to their short-term nature and is classified as level 3 within the fair value hierarchy.
Note 14: Variable Interest Entities
Pratt & Whitney holds a
61
% program share interest in the International Aero Engines AG (IAE) collaboration with MTU Aero Engines AG (MTU) and Japanese Aero Engines Corporation (JAEC), and a
49.5
% ownership interest in IAE. IAE’s business purpose is to coordinate the design, development, manufacturing, and product support of the V2500 engine program through involvement with the collaborators. Additionally, Pratt & Whitney, JAEC, and MTU are participants in the International Aero Engines, LLC (IAE LLC) collaboration, whose business purpose is to coordinate the design, development, manufacturing, and product support for the PW1100G-JM engine for the Airbus A320neo family of aircraft. Pratt & Whitney holds a
59
% program share interest and a
59
% ownership interest in IAE LLC. IAE and IAE LLC retain limited equity with the primary economics of the programs passed to the participants. As such, we have determined that IAE and IAE LLC are variable interest entities with Pratt & Whitney as the primary beneficiary. IAE and IAE LLC have, therefore, been consolidated. Other collaborators participate in Pratt & Whitney’s program share interest in IAE and IAE LLC. Pratt & Whitney’s net program share interest in
16
Table of Contents
IAE and IAE LLC, after considering its sub-collaborator share, is
57
% and
51
%, respectively.
The carrying amounts and classification of assets and liabilities for variable interest entities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet are as follows: