program. Under the 2023 program, shares may be purchased on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, under accelerated share repurchase programs, and under plans complying with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We may also reacquire shares outside of the program in connection with the surrender of shares to cover taxes on vesting of restricted stock. Our ability to repurchase shares is subject to applicable law.
Our share repurchases, which include shares reacquired outside of our share repurchase program, were as follows:
(1)    Amounts relate to share repurchases that were settled in cash during the period.
Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
There has been no significant change in our exposure to market risk during the quarter ended March 31, 2025. For discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” contained in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Item 4.    Controls and Procedures
As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and the Corporate Vice President and Controller (Controller), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2025. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon our evaluation, our CEO,
44
Table of Contents
CFO, and Controller concluded that, as of March 31, 2025, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO, CFO, and Controller, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
45
Table of Contents
Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results
This Form 10-Q contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”