reinvest these earnings.
Our ability to access global debt markets and the related cost of these borrowings depends on the strength of our credit rating and market conditions. Our S&P Global credit rating remains at BBB+/negative. In March 2025, our Moody’s Investors Service outlook improved from Baa1/negative to Baa1/stable. Though the Company expects to continue having adequate access to funds, declines in our credit ratings or Company outlook could result in higher borrowing costs.
As of March 31, 2025, we had a revolving credit agreement with various banks permitting aggregate borrowings of up to $5.0 billion, which expires in August 2028. As of March 31, 2025, there were no borrowings outstanding under this agreement.
From time to time, we use commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes, including the funding of potential acquisitions, pension contributions, debt refinancing, dividend payments, and repurchases of our common stock. The commercial paper notes have original maturities of not more than 364 days from the date of issuance. As of March 31, 2025, our maximum commercial paper borrowing limit was $5.0 billion as the commercial paper is backed by our $5.0 billion revolving credit agreement. At March 31, 2025, we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding.
We have an existing universal shelf registration statement, which we filed with the SEC on September 22, 2022, for an indeterminate amount of debt and equity securities for future issuance, subject to our internal limitations on the amount of debt to be issued under this shelf registration statement.
We believe our cash on hand and future operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs. Further, we continue to have access to the commercial paper markets and our existing credit facilities, and our ability to obtain debt or equity financing, as well as the availability under committed credit lines, provides additional potential sources of liquidity should they be required or appropriate.
Cash Flow - Operating Activities
The $1.0 billion increase in cash flows provided by operating activities in the quarter ended March 31, 2025 compared to in the quarter ended March 31, 2024, was primarily driven by the net change in contract assets and contract liabilities due to timing of collections and higher billings and a favorable change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities driven by timing of collaborator payables. These changes were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable driven by timing of collections, partially offset by increased factoring activity as discussed below. Higher net income after adjustments for depreciation and amortization, deferred income tax provision (benefit), stock compensation cost, net periodic pension and other postretirement income, share-based matching 401(k) contributions, and gain on sale of business also contributed to the increase in net cash flows provided by operating activities.
The