against the United States by Raytheon Company involving
two
legacy contracts. If Raytheon Company and the Company fully comply with all of their respective obligations in DPA-2 during its
three-year
term (commencing on the effective date of DPA-1 and ending
three years
from the date on which the monitor is engaged), the DOJ will move for dismissal with prejudice of the deferred charges against Raytheon Company. DPA-2 provides for a criminal penalty in the amount of $
147
million, plus restitution, and the FCA Settlement Agreement provides for an FCA settlement payment in the amount of $
433
million, which includes restitution that will satisfy the criminal restitution obligation when paid. Under DPA-2 as well as DPA-1 and the SEC Administrative Order discussed in “Thales-Raytheon Systems and Related Matters” above, Raytheon Company and the Company are required, among other things, to retain an independent compliance monitor satisfactory to the DOJ and the SEC (for a term ending
three years
from the date on which the monitor is engaged) and are required to undertake certain cooperation and disclosure obligations (for a term commencing on the effective date of DPA-1 and the SEC’s Administrative Order, as applicable, and ending
three years
from the date on which the monitor is engaged). The compliance monitor will oversee Raytheon Company’s and the Company’s compliance with their respective obligations under DPA-2 as well as DPA-1 and the SEC Administrative Order discussed in “Thales-Raytheon Systems and Related Matters” above. During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company paid $
580
million in the aggregate for DPA-2 and the FCA Settlement Agreement which was consistent with amounts accrued plus interest. The Company does not believe that these matters, will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
Trade Compliance Matters
From time to time, we identify, investigate, remediate, and voluntarily disclose violations or potential violations of the ITAR and EAR to the relevant regulators. In May 2024, the U.S. DOS Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance (DTCC) informed the Company of its intent to seek administrative penalties for alleged violations of the AECA and the ITAR. The DTCC informed us that it considers certain of our voluntary disclosures, primarily identified in connection with the integration of Rockwell Collins and, to a lesser extent, Raytheon Company, filed since 2019 to reflect deficiencies warranting a civil penalty. On August 29, 2024, the Company entered into a CA with the DOS to resolve these matters. The CA settles certain AECA and ITAR compliance matters with the DTCC and the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. The CA has a
three-year
term and provides for: (i) a civil penalty of $
200
million, $
100
million of which is suspended on the condition that such amount is applied to DTCC-approved remedial compliance measures; (ii) the appointment of an external Special