individually or in the aggregate.
Other.
As described in “Note 15: Guarantees,” we extend performance and operating cost guarantees beyond our normal warranty and service policies for extended periods on some of our products. We have accrued our estimate of the liability that may result under these guarantees and for service costs that are probable and can be reasonably estimated.
We also have other commitments and contingent liabilities related to legal proceedings, self-insurance programs, and matters arising out of the normal course of business. We accrue contingencies based upon a range of possible outcomes. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other, then we accrue the minimum amount.
In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are also routinely defendants in, parties to, or otherwise subject to many pending and threatened legal actions, claims, disputes, and proceedings. These matters are often based on alleged violations of contract, product liability, warranty, regulatory, environmental, health and safety, employment, intellectual property, tax, and other laws. In some instances, claims for substantial monetary damages are asserted against the Company and its subsidiaries and could result in fines, penalties, compensatory or treble damages, or non-monetary relief. We do not believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
23
Table of Contents
Note 17: Equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.
A summary of the changes in each component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 is provided below:
Note 18: Segment Financial Data
Our operations, for the periods presented herein, are classified into
three
principal segments: Collins, Pratt & Whitney, and Raytheon. Our segments are generally based on the management structure of the businesses and the grouping of similar operating companies, where each management organization has general operating autonomy over diversified products and services.
RTX’s chief operating decision maker (CODM) is our President and Chief Executive Officer. The CODM uses segment operating profit as a profitability measure to assess actual and forecasted segment performance to make decisions regarding incentive compensation and the allocation of capital and other investments. Total sales and operating profit by segment include inter-segment sales which are generally recorded at cost-plus a specified fee or at a negotiated fixed price. These pricing arrangements may result in margins different than what the purchasing segment realizes on the ultimate third-party sale.
We present a FAS/CAS operating adjustment outside of segment results, which represents the difference between the service cost component of our pension and PRB expense under the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) requirements of U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting