our Collins segment of $0.2 billion, which had an unfavorable impact on diluted EPS of $0.13.
37
Table of Contents
SEGMENT REVIEW
Our operations, for the periods presented herein, are classified into three principal segments: Collins, Pratt & Whitney, and Raytheon. Segments are generally based on the management structure of the businesses and the grouping of similar operations, based on capabilities and technologies, where each management organization has general operating autonomy over diversified products and services. Segment Total net sales and Operating profit include intercompany sales and profit, which are ultimately eliminated within Eliminations and other, which also includes certain smaller non-reportable segments. Segment Operating Profit excludes certain acquisition accounting adjustments, the FAS/CAS operating adjustment, and certain corporate expenses, as further discussed below.
Given the nature of our business, we believe that total net sales and operating profit (and the related operating profit margin percentage), which we disclose and discuss at the segment level, are most relevant to an understanding of management’s view of our segment performance, as described below.
We provide the organic change in Net sales and Operating profit for our segments as discussed above in “Results of Operations.” We believe that these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors because they provide transparency to the underlying performance of our business, which allows for better year-over-year comparability. For Pratt & Whitney only, Other also includes the transactional impact of foreign exchange hedging at Pratt & Whitney Canada due to its significance to Pratt & Whitney’s overall operating results.
Total Net Sales.
Total net sales by segment were as follows:
(1)    Includes the operating results of certain smaller operations.
Operating Profit.
Operating profit by segment was as follows:
(1)    Includes the operating results of certain smaller operations.
(2)    The quarter ended March 31, 2024 includes a $0.4 billion gain, net of transaction and other related costs, related to the sale of the CIS business. See “Note 2: Acquisitions and Dispositions” within Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information.
Included in segment Operating profit are Estimate at Completion (EAC) adjustments, which relate to changes in Operating profit and margin due to revisions to total estimated revenues and costs at completion. These changes may reflect improved or deteriorated operating performance, as well as changes in facts and assumptions related to contract options, contract modifications, incentive and award fees associated with program performance, customer activity levels, and other customer-directed changes. For a full description of our EAC process, refer to “Note 5: Changes in Contract Estimates at Completion” within Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. Given that we have thousands of individual contracts, and given the types and complexity of the