to fund. As a result, the impact of the CR on RTX ultimately will depend on those funding decisions, however RTX currently does not expect that the CR will materially impact our business or results of operations.
Executive Order Regarding Modernizing Defense Acquisitions
. On April 9, 2025, the U.S. government issued an executive order requiring, among other things, a DoD review of its Major Defense Acquisition Programs to identify those that are 15% behind schedule, 15% over budget, unable to meet key performance parameters, or unaligned with the Secretary of Defense’s mission priorities for potential cancellation. Although RTX does not, at this time, believe the Executive Order will have a material impact on our business or results of operations, the longer-term ramifications, if any, to RTX will depend on a variety of factors including the formulation and implementation of the review criteria in the order, the review timeline, the Secretary of Defense’s mission priorities, and future budget determinations based on the results of such review.
Geopolitical Matters.
In response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the U.S. government and the governments of various jurisdictions in which we operate, have imposed broad economic sanctions and export controls targeting specific industries, entities, and individuals in Russia. The Russian government has implemented similar counter-sanctions and export controls targeting specific industries, entities, and individuals in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate, including certain members of the Company’s management team and Board of Directors. These government measures, among other limitations, restrict transactions involving various Russian banks and financial institutions and impose enhanced export controls limiting transfers of various goods, software, and technologies to and from Russia, including broadened export controls specifically targeting the aerospace sector. These measures have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, the Company and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers; however, based on information available to date, we do not currently expect these issues will have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We will continue to monitor future developments, including additional sanctions and other measures, that could adversely affect the Company and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers.
In February 2023, China announced sanctions against Raytheon Missiles & Defense (RMD) (a former RTX business segment which became part of the Raytheon business during the third quarter of 2023), and previously announced it may take measures against RTX, in connection with certain foreign military sales to Taiwan. The Chinese sanctions against RMD included a fine equal to twice the value of the arms that RMD sold to Taiwan since September 2020. Since that time, China has announced additional sanctions against the Raytheon business and a