There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates during the quarter ended March 31, 2025.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
As described in our “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” of this Form 10-Q, our interim period results of operations and period-to-period comparisons of our results, particularly at a segment level, may not be indicative of our future operating results. The following discussions of comparative results among periods, including the discussion of segment results, should be viewed in this context.
We provide the organic change in Net sales and Cost of sales for our consolidated results of operations as well as the organic change in Net sales and Operating profit for our segments. We believe that these non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (non-GAAP) measures are useful to investors because they provide transparency to the underlying performance of our business, which allows for better year-over-year comparability. The organic change in Net sales, Cost of sales, and Operating profit excludes acquisitions and divestitures, net, and the effect of foreign currency exchange rate translation fluctuations and other significant non-operational items and/or significant operational items that may occur at irregular intervals (Other). Additionally, the organic change in Cost of sales and Operating profit excludes restructuring costs, the FAS/CAS operating adjustment, and costs related to certain acquisition accounting adjustments. Restructuring costs generally arise from severance related to workforce reductions and facility exit costs. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and implement restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. The FAS/CAS operating adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of our pension and postretirement benefit (PRB) expense under the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) requirements of U.S. GAAP and our pension and PRB expense under U.S. government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), primarily related to our Raytheon segment. Acquisition accounting adjustments include the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to acquisitions, the amortization of the property, plant, and equipment fair value adjustment acquired through acquisitions, the amortization of customer contractual obligations related to loss making or below market contracts acquired, and goodwill impairment, if applicable.
33
Table of Contents
Net Sales
The factors contributing to the change year-over-year in total net sales for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(1)    See “Results of Operations” for definition of organic. A reconciliation of this measure to reported U.S. GAAP amounts is provided in the table above.
Net sales increased $1.5 billion organically in the quarter ended March 31, 2025 compared to the quarter ended March 31, 2024 primarily due to higher organic net sales of $0.9 billion at Pratt &