government procurement practices can impact our businesses.
Collins and Pratt & Whitney serve both commercial and government aerospace customers. Revenue passenger miles (RPMs), available seat miles, and the general economic health of airline carriers and airframers, as well as the financial strength and performance of airframers, are key barometers for our commercial aerospace operations. Performance in the general aviation sector is closely tied to the overall health of the economy and is positively correlated to corporate profits. Many of our aerospace customers are covered under long-term aftermarket service agreements at both Collins and Pratt & Whitney, which are inclusive of both spare parts and services.
Our defense operations are affected by U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) budget and spending levels, changes in demand, changes in policy positions or priorities, the domestic and global political and economic environment, and the evolving nature of the global and national security threat environment. In addition, our defense businesses engage in both direct commercial sales, which generally require U.S. government licenses and approvals, as well as foreign military sales, which are government-to-government transactions initiated by, and carried out at the direction of, the U.S. government. Changes in these budget and spending levels, policies, or priorities, which are subject to U.S. domestic and foreign geopolitical risks and threats, may impact our defense businesses, including the timing of and delays in U.S. government licenses and approvals for sales, the risk of sanctions, or other restrictions.
Other Matters
Global, economic, and political conditions, changes in raw material and commodity prices and supply, labor availability and costs, inflation, interest rates, potential changes in U.S. government policy positions, including changes in DoD policies or priorities, geopolitical conflicts and strained intercountry relations, U.S. and non-U.S. tax law changes, foreign currency exchange rates, sanctions, tariffs, energy costs and supply, levels of air travel, the financial condition of commercial airlines, and the impact from natural disasters and weather conditions create uncertainties that could impact our businesses.
Legal Matters.
As previously announced, in 2024 the Company resolved several outstanding legal matters, herein referred to as “Resolution of Certain Legal Matters.” The Company entered into a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) (DPA-1) with
30
Table of Contents
the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Company settled an administrative proceeding with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (the SEC Administrative Order) to resolve the previously disclosed criminal and civil government investigations into payments made by Raytheon Company and its joint venture, Thales-Raytheon Systems (TRS), in connection with certain Middle East contracts since 2012 (Thales-Raytheon Systems and Related Matters). The Company also