2020 tax year. The Company is awaiting formal closure of the examination by the IRS.
As a result of an unfavorable decision reached by the Appeals Committee of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) General Services Tax Committee (GSTC), we recognized a Net income charge of $
27
million during the quarter ended March 31, 2025. The Company continues to believe the position of the KSA tax authority is not supported by the facts in question or KSA tax law and are pursuing available options to seek reversal of GSTC’s decision.
14
Table of Contents
Note 12: Financial Instruments
We enter into derivative instruments primarily for risk management purposes, including derivatives designated as hedging instruments and those utilized as economic hedges. We operate internationally and, in the normal course of business, are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and commodity prices. These fluctuations can increase the costs of financing, investing, and operating the business. We have used derivative instruments, including swaps, forward contracts, and options, to manage certain foreign currency, interest rate, and commodity price exposures.
The present value of the aggregate notional principal of our outstanding foreign currency hedges
was $
18
billion
and
$
17
billion at
March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. At March 31, 2025, all derivative contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges will m
ature by May 2036.
The following table summarizes the fair value and presentation in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet for derivative instruments:
The effect of cash flow hedging relationships on Accumulated other comprehensive loss and on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations in the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 are presented in “Note 17: Equity.” The amounts of gain or loss are attributable to foreign exchange contract activity and are primarily recorded as a component of Products sales when reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Cash receipts or payments on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in Other operating activities, net within the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
The Company utilizes the critical terms match method in assessing derivatives for hedge effectiveness. Accordingly, the hedged items and derivatives designated as hedging instruments are highly effective.
As of December 31, 2024, we had €
320
million of our €
500
million principal value of euro-denominated long-term debt designated as a net investment hedge against our investments in European businesses. At March 31, 2025, this is no longer designated as a net investment hedge, and the effects have been reflected within Other income, net.
The effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments is included within Other income, net, on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and is not significant. Cash receipts or payments related to the settlement of derivatives not