the SEC (for a term ending
three years
from the date on which the monitor is engaged) and are required to undertake certain cooperation and disclosure obligations (for a term commencing on the effective date of DPA-1 and the SEC Administrative Order, as applicable, and ending
three years
from the date on which the monitor is engaged). The compliance monitor will oversee Raytheon Company’s and the Company’s compliance with their respective obligations under the DPAs and the SEC Administrative Order. In 2024, the Company also resolved certain voluntarily disclosed export controls violations primarily identified in connection with the integration of Rockwell Collins and, to a lesser extent, Raytheon Company, including certain violations that were resolved pursuant to a Consent Agreement (CA) with the Department of State (DOS). The CA, which has a
three-year
term, requires the Company to implement remedial compliance measures and to conduct an external audit of the Company’s International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) compliance program. The CA also requires appointment of an external, independent Special Compliance Officer (SCO). The Company appointed its SCO on September 27, 2024. As noted above, the U.S. government reserves the right to suspend or debar a contractor from receiving new government contracts for fraudulent, criminal, or other seriously improper conduct. The U.S. government could also void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. Like many defense contractors, we have received audit reports recommending the reduction of certain contract prices because, for example, cost or pricing data or cost accounting practices used to price and negotiate those contracts may not have conformed to government regulations. Some of these audit reports recommend that certain payments be repaid, delayed, or withheld, and may involve substantial amounts. We have made voluntary refunds in those cases we believe appropriate, have settled some allegations and, in some cases, continue to negotiate and/or litigate. The Company may be, and in some cases has been, required to make payments into escrow of disputed liabilities while the related litigation is pending. If the litigation is resolved in the Company’s favor, any such payments will be returned to the Company with interest. Our final allowable incurred costs for each year are also subject to audit and have, from time to time, resulted in disputes between us and the U.S. government, with litigation resulting at the Court of Federal Claims (COFC) or the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals (ASBCA), or their related courts of appeals. In addition, the DOJ has, from time to time, convened grand juries to investigate possible irregularities by us. We also provide products and services to customers outside of the U.S., and those sales are subject to local government laws, regulations, and procurement policies and practices. Our compliance with such local government regulations or any applicable