arrangements, which may include participation by our collaboration partners in these commitments. In addition, in connection with our 2012 agreement to acquire Rolls-Royce’s ownership and collaboration interests in IAE, additional payments are due to Rolls-Royce contingent upon each hour flown through June 2027 by the V2500-powered aircraft in service as of the acquisition date. These flight hour payments are capitalized as collaboration intangible assets as payments are made.
Other Financing Arrangements.
We have entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds with financial institutions to meet various bid, performance, warranty, retention, and advance payment obligations for us or our affiliates. We enter into these agreements to assist certain affiliates in obtaining financing on more favorable terms, making bids on contracts, and performing their contractual obligations. The stated values of these letters of credit agreements and surety bonds totaled $
3.1
billion as of March 31, 2025.
Offset / Industrial Participation Obligations.
We have entered into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes in the form of either offset agreements or ICIP agreements, as a condition to obtaining orders for our products and services from certain customers in foreign countries. At March 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of these agreements, both agreed to and anticipated to be agreed to, had an outstanding notional value of approximately $
11.7
billion. These agreements are designed to return economic value to the foreign country by requiring us to engage in activities supporting local defense or commercial industries, promoting a balance of trade, developing in-country technology capabilities, or addressing other local development priorities. Offset agreements may be satisfied through activities that do not require a direct cash payment, including transferring technology, providing manufacturing, training, and other consulting support to in-country projects, and the purchase by third parties (e.g., our vendors) of supplies from in-country vendors. These agreements may also be satisfied through our use of cash for activities such as subcontracting with local partners, purchasing supplies from in-country vendors, providing financial support for in-country projects, and making investments in local ventures. Such activities may also vary by country depending upon requirements as dictated by their governments. We typically do not commit to offset agreements until orders for our products or services are definitive. The amounts ultimately applied against our offset agreements are based on negotiations with the customers and typically require cash outlays that represent only a fraction of the notional value in the offset agreements. Offset programs usually extend over several or more years and may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with offset requirements. Historically, we have not been required to pay any penalties of