issued in connection with the administrative proceeding settlement alleged that Raytheon Company violated the anti-bribery, books and records, and internal controls provisions of the FCPA. The order provides for a $
102
million payment to the SEC that includes disgorgement, prejudgment interest on disgorgement, and a civil penalty. Under DPA-1, the SEC’s Administrative Order, and DPA-2 discussed in “DOJ Investigation and Contract Pricing Disputes” below, Raytheon Company and the Company are required, among other things, to retain an independent compliance monitor satisfactory to the DOJ and the SEC (for a term ending
three years
from the date on which the monitor is engaged) and are required to undertake certain cooperation and disclosure obligations (for a term commencing on the effective date of DPA-1 and the SEC’s Administrative Order, as applicable, and ending
three years
from the date on which the monitor is engaged). The compliance monitor will oversee Raytheon Company’s and the Company’s compliance with their respective obligations under DPA-1, the SEC’s Administrative Order, and DPA-2 discussed in “DOJ Investigation and Contract Pricing Disputes” below. During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company paid $
384
million in the aggregate for DPA-1 and the SEC's Administrative Order which was consistent with amounts accrued. The Company does not believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
DOJ Investigation and Contract Pricing Disputes
As previously disclosed, on October 8, 2020, the Company received a criminal subpoena from the DOJ seeking information and documents in connection with an investigation relating to financial accounting, internal controls over financial reporting, and cost reporting regarding Raytheon Company since 2009. The investigation involved multi-year contracts subject to
21
Table of Contents
governmental regulation, including defective pricing claims for certain Raytheon Company contracts entered into between 2011 and 2013. As part of the same investigation, on March 24, 2021, the Company received a second criminal subpoena from the DOJ seeking documents relating to a certain contract entered into in 2017 by Raytheon Company. As previously disclosed on July 25, 2024, following the government’s and the Company’s own internal investigations, the Company engaged in resolution discussions with the DOJ, and during the second quarter of 2024, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the DOJ as to the principal elements of such resolution. In addition, the Company cooperated with the DOJ with respect to a related civil defective pricing investigation under the FCA. On October 16, 2024, Raytheon Company entered into DPA-2 and the FCA Settlement Agreement with the DOJ to resolve these matters. Pursuant to DPA-2, the DOJ will defer, for a period of
three years
, criminal prosecution of Raytheon Company related to
two
counts of major fraud