entered into a DPA and a False Claims Act (FCA) settlement agreement with the DOJ to resolve previously disclosed criminal and civil government investigations into defective pricing claims for certain legacy Raytheon Company contracts entered into between 2011 and 2013 and in 2017 (DOJ Investigation and Contract Pricing Disputes). Under these DPAs and the SEC Administrative Order, Raytheon Company and the Company are required to retain, among other things, an independent compliance monitor satisfactory to the DOJ and the SEC (for a term ending three years from the date on which the monitor is engaged) and are required to undertake certain cooperation and disclosure obligations (for a term commencing on the effective date of DPA-1 and the SEC Administrative Order, as applicable, and ending three years from the date on which the monitor is engaged). The compliance monitor will oversee Raytheon Company’s and the Company’s compliance with their respective obligations under the DPAs and the SEC Administrative Order. The DPAs further provide that, in the event the DOJ, in its sole discretion, determines during the period of deferral of prosecution that Raytheon Company or the Company have violated any provision of either DPA, Raytheon Company or the Company may be subject to prosecution for any federal criminal violation, including the charges against Raytheon Company in the relevant DPA. The SEC Administrative Order further provides that, in the event of a breach of the SEC Administrative Order, the SEC may vacate the SEC Administrative Order and institute proceedings against the Company. In the event of any such determination or breach, the Company may face additional adverse impacts. In addition, the Company resolved certain voluntarily disclosed export controls violations primarily identified in connection with the integration of Rockwell Collins and, to a lesser extent, Raytheon Company, including certain violations that were resolved pursuant to a Consent Agreement (CA) with the Department of State (DOS) (Trade Compliance Matters). The CA, which has a three-year term, requires the Company to implement remedial compliance measures and to conduct an external audit of the Company’s International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) compliance program. The CA also requires appointment of an external, independent Special Compliance Officer (SCO). The Company appointed its SCO on September 27, 2024.
For further discussion of DPA-1, DPA-2, the SEC Administrative Order, and the CA, see “Note 16: Commitments and Contingencies,” within Item 1 of this Form 10-Q.
Pratt & Whitney Powder Metal Matter.
As described further in “Note 16: Commitments and Contingencies,” within Item 1 of this Form 10-Q, in 2023, Pratt & Whitney determined that a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain engine parts requires accelerated inspection of the PW1100G-JM (PW1100) Geared Turbofan (GTF) fleet, which powers the A320neo family of aircraft (A320neo) (herein