2025
29
Table of Contents
Item 2.        Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
We are a global premier systems provider of high technology products and services to the aerospace and defense industries.
Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company,” and “RTX” mean RTX Corporation and its subsidiaries. References to “Raytheon Company” mean Raytheon Company, which became a wholly owned subsidiary of RTX on April 3, 2020 during an all-stock merger transaction between United Technologies Corporation and Raytheon Company (the surviving company of which is RTX Corporation).
Raytheon follows a 4-4-5 fiscal calendar while Collins Aerospace (Collins) and Pratt & Whitney use a quarter calendar end. Throughout this Form 10-Q, when we refer to the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 with respect to Raytheon, we are referring to their March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024 fiscal quarter ends, respectively.
The current status of significant factors affecting our business environment in 2025 is discussed below. For additional discussion, refer to the “Business Overview” section in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Industry Considerations
Our worldwide operations can be affected by industrial, economic, and political factors on both a regional and global level. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. Our defense business serves both domestic and international customers primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of defense and related programs for government customers. Our business mix also reflects the combination of shorter cycles in our commercial aerospace spares contracts and certain service contracts in our defense business, and longer cycles in our aerospace OEM and aftermarket maintenance contracts and on our defense contracts to design, develop, manufacture, or modify complex equipment. Our customers are in the public and private sectors, and our businesses reflect an extensive geographic diversification that has evolved with continued globalization.
Government legislation, policies, and regulations can impact our business and operations. Changes in environmental and climate change-related laws or regulations, including regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, carbon pricing, and energy taxes, could lead to new or additional investment in product designs and facility upgrades and could increase our operational and environmental compliance expenditures, including increased energy and raw materials costs and costs associated with manufacturing changes. In addition, government and industry-driven safety and performance regulations, restrictions on aircraft engine noise and emissions, government imposed travel restrictions, and