determining the cost of collaborator parts does not comply with the CAS for calendar years 2018 through 2022. This third claim, which asserts the same measure of the cost of collaborator parts rejected by the ASBCA’s prior decision, demands payment of $
277
million plus interest ($
86
million at March 31, 2025). Pratt & Whitney appealed this third claim to the ASBCA at the end of December 2023. Although subject to further litigation at the ASBCA and potentially further appellate proceedings, we continue to believe that the November 22, 2021 decision in the first claim will apply with equal legal effect to the second and third claims. Accordingly, we believe that the amounts demanded by the DCMA as set forth in the
three
claims are without legal basis and that any damages owed to the U.S. government for the
three
claims will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
Thales-Raytheon Systems and Related Matters
As previously disclosed, in 2019, Raytheon Company received a subpoena from the SEC seeking information in connection with an investigation into whether there were improper payments made by Raytheon Company, our TRS joint venture, or anyone acting on their behalf, in connection with TRS or Raytheon Company contracts in certain Middle East countries since 2014. In the first quarter of 2020, the DOJ advised Raytheon Company it had opened a parallel criminal investigation. In the third quarter of 2020, Raytheon Company received an additional subpoena from the SEC, seeking information and documents as part of its investigation. Following the government’s and the Company’s own internal investigations, the Company engaged in resolution discussions with the DOJ and the SEC, and during the second quarter of 2024, the Company reached agreements in principle with the DOJ and the SEC as to the principal elements of such resolutions, as previously disclosed on July 25, 2024. On October 15, 2024, Raytheon Company entered into DPA-1 with the DOJ and on October 16, 2024, the Company settled an administrative proceeding with the SEC to resolve these matters. Pursuant to DPA-1, the DOJ will defer, for a period of
three years
, criminal prosecution of Raytheon Company related to Raytheon Company’s conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA and conspiracy to violate the AECA by failing to make related disclosures of certain payments that qualified as fees, commissions, and/or political contributions under Part 130 of the ITAR. If Raytheon Company and the Company fully comply with all of their respective obligations under DPA-1 during its
three-year
term (commencing on the effective date of DPA-1 and ending
three years
from the date on which the monitor is engaged), the DOJ will move for dismissal with prejudice of the deferred charges against Raytheon Company. DPA-1 provides for a criminal monetary penalty and forfeiture of $
282
million. In addition, the SEC’s Administrative Order