expense under the FAS requirements of U.S. GAAP and our pension and PRB expense under U.S. government CAS, primarily related to our Raytheon segment. While the ultimate liability for pension and PRB costs under FAS and CAS is similar, the pattern of cost recognition is different. Over time, we generally expect to recover the related Raytheon pension and PRB liabilities through the pricing of our products and services to the U.S. government. Collins and Pratt & Whitney generally record pension and PRB expense on a FAS basis
.
41
Table of Contents
The components of the FAS/CAS operating adjustment were as follows:
The FAS/CAS operating adjustment in the quarter ended March 31, 2025 was relatively consistent with the quarter ended March 31, 2024.
Acquisition accounting adjustments
Acquisition accounting adjustments include the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to acquisitions, the amortization of the property, plant, and equipment fair value adjustment acquired through acquisitions, the amortization of customer contractual obligations related to loss making or below market contracts acquired, and goodwill impairment, if applicable. These adjustments are not considered part of management’s evaluation of segment results
.
The components of Acquisition accounting adjustments were as follows:
Acquisition accounting adjustments related to acquisitions in each segment were as follows:
Acquisition accounting adjustments for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 were relatively consistent with the quarter ended March 31, 2024.
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities and the timing of such activities. Our principal source of liquidity is cash flows from operating activities. In addition to operating cash flows, other significant factors that affect our overall management of liquidity include: capital expenditures, customer financing requirements, investments in and divestitures of businesses, dividends, common stock repurchases, pension funding, access to
42
Table of Contents
the commercial paper markets, adequacy of available bank lines of credit, redemptions of debt, and the ability to attract long-term capital at satisfactory terms.
At March 31, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of $5.2 billion, of which approximatel
y 38%
was held by RTX’s foreign subsidiaries. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. The Company intends to repatriate certain undistributed earnings of its international subsidiaries that have been previously taxed in the U.S. Taxes associated with the future remittance of these earnings have been recorded. For the remainder of the Company’s undistributed international earnings, unless tax effective to repatriate, RTX will continue to permanently