significance.
Government Oversight.
In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries and our properties are subject to regulatory and governmental examinations, information gathering requests, inquiries, investigations, and threatened legal
18
Table of Contents
actions and proceedings. For example, we are now, and believe that, in light of the current U.S. government contracting and overall enforcement environment, we will continue to be the subject of one or more U.S. government investigations. Our contracts with the U.S. government are also subject to audits. Agencies that oversee contract performance include: the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA), the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA), the Inspectors General of the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and other departments and agencies, the Government Accountability Office (GAO), the Department of Justice (DOJ), and Congressional Committees. Other areas of our business operations may also be subject to audit and investigation by these and other agencies. From time to time, agencies investigate or conduct audits to determine whether our operations are being conducted in accordance with applicable requirements. Such investigations and audits may be initiated due to a number of reasons, including as a result of a whistleblower complaint. Such investigations and audits could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities, including the imposition of repayment obligations, fines, treble or other damages, forfeitures, disgorgement, restitution, or penalties, the suspension of government export licenses, and/or suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting. They could also result in deferred prosecution agreements, administrative orders, consent agreements, guilty plea agreements, and/or imposition of an independent compliance monitor. U.S. government investigations often take years to complete. In particular, in 2024 the Company entered into a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) (DPA-1) with the DOJ and the Company settled an administrative proceeding with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (the SEC Administrative Order) to resolve the previously disclosed criminal and civil government investigations into payments made by Raytheon Company and its joint venture, Thales-Raytheon Systems (TRS), in connection with certain Middle East contracts since 2012 (Thales-Raytheon Systems and Related Matters). The Company also entered into a DPA (DPA-2) and a False Claims Act (FCA) settlement agreement with the DOJ to resolve previously disclosed criminal and civil government investigations into defective pricing claims for certain legacy Raytheon Company contracts entered into between 2011 and 2013 and in 2017 (DOJ Investigation and Contract Pricing Disputes).
Under these DPAs and the SEC Administrative Order, Raytheon Company and the Company are required to retain, among other things, an independent compliance monitor satisfactory to the DOJ and