Principles (GAAP) and our pension and PRB expense under U.S. government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS) primarily related to our Raytheon segment. While the ultimate liability for pension and PRB costs under FAS and CAS is similar, the pattern of cost recognition is different. Over time, we generally expect to recover the related Raytheon pension and PRB liabilities through the pricing of our products and services to the U.S. government. Collins and Pratt & Whitney generally record pension and PRB expense on a FAS basis
.
Acquisition accounting adjustments include the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to acquisitions, the amortization of the property, plant, and equipment fair value adjustment acquired through acquisitions, the amortization of customer contractual obligations related to loss making or below market contracts acquired, and goodwill impairment, if applicable. These adjustments are not considered part of management’s evaluation of segment results
.
24
Table of Contents
Results for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
(1)    Includes Cost of sales, Selling, general, and administrative expenses, and Other income, net.
(2)    Includes the operating results of certain smaller operations.
(1)    Includes Cost of sales, Selling, general, and administrative expenses, and Other income, net.
(2)    Includes the operating results of certain smaller operations.
(3)    Operating profit includes a $
0.4
billion gain, net of transaction and other related costs, related to the sale of the CIS business. See “Note 2: Acquisitions and Dispositions” for additional information.
25
Table of Contents
Capital Expenditures and Depreciation & Amortization segment information for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
Total assets by segment are as follows:
(1)    Total assets include acquired intangible assets and the property, plant, and equipment fair value adjustment. Related amortization expense is included in Acquisition accounting adjustments.
We disaggregate our contracts from customers by geographic region based on customer location, by type of customer, and by sales type. Our geographic region based on customer location uses end user customer location where known or practical to determine, or in instances where the end user customer is not known or not practical to determine, uses “ship to” location as the customer location. In addition, for our Raytheon segment, we disaggregate our contracts from customers by contract type. We believe these categories best depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of our revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors.
Segment sales disaggregated by geographic region based on customer location for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
26
Table of Contents
Segment sales disaggregated by type of customer for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
(1)    Excludes foreign military sales through the