monitoring systems.
Lastly, we also offer Mutual Fund Clearing Services and Off-Platform Sales. Mutual Fund Clearing Services provides open-end mutual fund trading, settlement, and related transactional services to banks, brokerage firms, and trust companies. Off-Platform Sales offers proprietary mutual funds, ETFs, and collective trust funds (CTFs) outside the Company and not on the Schwab platform. They are included within the Investor Services segment given their leveraging of the products and services offered to individual investors.
Advisor Services
More than thirty years ago, Schwab supported a small group of entrepreneurial advisors who challenged the industry by creating independent firms. Through the Advisor Services segment, Schwab has become one of the largest providers of custodial, trading, banking, and support services to RIAs and their clients. Management believes that we can maintain our competitive position primarily through the efforts of our sales, support, technology, and business consulting teams, which are dedicated to helping RIAs grow, compete, and succeed in serving their clients. In addition to focusing on superior service, we utilize technology to provide RIAs with a highly-developed, scalable platform for administering their clients’ assets easily and efficiently. Advisor Services sponsors and hosts a variety of national, regional, local, and virtual events designed to help RIAs of all sizes and complexities identify and implement better ways to expand and efficiently manage their practices.
RIAs who custody client accounts at Schwab may use proprietary software that provides them with up-to-date client account information as well as trading capabilities. The Advisor Services website is the core platform for RIAs to conduct daily business activities online with Schwab, including viewing and managing client account information and accessing news and market information. The website provides account servicing capabilities for RIAs, including account opening, money movement, transfer of assets, trading, checking status, and communicating with our service team. The site provides multi-year archiving of statements, trade confirms, and tax reports, along with document search capabilities. We also provide access to integrations with third-party platforms, which support a variety of advisor needs including client relationship management, portfolio management systems, trade order management, and financial planning. As an example, we offer Schwab Advisor Portfolio Connect
®
, a simplified portfolio management solution that is available free of charge to advisors to manage Schwab accounts. It delivers core capabilities and features through an intuitive modern experience, without the need to download and reconcile data.
The Advisor Services website also provides interactive tools, educational content, and thought leadership for advisors turning independent. We offer a variety of services to help RIAs grow and manage their