take into consideration maintenance of regulatory capital requirements, debt/equity ratios, and equity double leverage ratios.
Schwab conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events to which the Company could be subjected. The objective of the capital stress testing is (1) to explore various potential outcomes – including rare and extreme events and (2) to assess impacts of potential stressful outcomes on both capital and liquidity (see also Risk Management – Liquidity Risk for discussion of liquidity stress testing). Additionally, we have a comprehensive Capital Contingency Plan to provide action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the Company might face. The Capital Contingency Plan is issued under the authority of the Financial Risk Oversight Committee and provides guidelines for sustained capital events. It does not specifically address every contingency, but is designed to provide a framework for responding to any capital stress. The results of the stress testing indicate there are two scenarios which could stress the Company’s capital: (1) inflows of balance sheet cash during a period of very low interest rates and (2) outflows of balance sheet cash when other sources of financing are not available and the Company is required to sell assets at a loss to fund the outflows. The Capital Contingency Plan is reviewed annually and updated as appropriate.
For additional information, see Business – Regulation in Part I – Item 1.
Regulatory Capital Requirements
CSC is subject to capital requirements set by the Federal Reserve and is required to serve as a source of strength for our banking subsidiaries and to provide financial assistance if our banking subsidiaries experience financial distress. Schwab is required to maintain a Tier 1 Leverage Ratio for CSC of at least 4%. Due to the relatively low credit risk of our balance sheet assets and risk-based capital ratios at CSC and CSB that are in excess of regulatory requirements, the Tier 1 Leverage Ratio is the most restrictive capital constraint on CSC’s asset growth.
Our banking subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements set by their regulators that are substantially similar to those imposed on CSC by the Federal Reserve. Our banking subsidiaries’ failure to remain well capitalized could result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by the regulators that could have a direct material effect on the banks. Schwab’s principal banking subsidiary, CSB, is required to maintain a Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of at least 5% to be well capitalized, but seeks to maintain a ratio of at least 6.5%. Based on its regulatory capital ratios at December 31, 2024, CSB is considered well capitalized.
In July 2023, the Federal Reserve issued a notice of proposed changes to the regulatory capital rules that would require us to include AOCI in regulatory capital, phased