reduced, and borrowing costs could increase. Although CSC and CS&Co maintain multiple sources of external financing including unsecured uncommitted bank credit lines and CSC has a commercial paper issuance program, as well as a universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC which can be used to sell securities, financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all due to market conditions or disruptions in the credit markets. In addition, a downgrade in the Company’s credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets.
When short-term interest rates rapidly increase, as they did in 2022 and 2023, client movement of certain cash balances out of our sweep features and into higher-yielding alternatives generally increases. When these outflows outpace excess cash on hand and cash generated by maturities and paydowns on our investment and loan portfolios, as they have in recent years, we may need to rely on supplemental funding, such as advances under Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) secured credit facilities, borrowings under repurchase agreements with external financial institutions, issuances of brokered certificates of deposit (CDs), or other sources of funding, which have higher costs and could be subject to limitations on availability. In addition, to access new FHLB advances or roll over existing advances, our banking subsidiaries must maintain positive tangible capital, as defined by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA). Larger unrealized losses on our available for sale (AFS) portfolio due to higher market interest rates negatively impact our capital position inclusive of AOCI, including our tangible capital.
Operational Risk
Security breaches of our systems, or those of our clients or third parties, may subject us to significant liability and damage our reputation.
Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. Information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, in part because of the use of the internet and mobile and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities, including the use of artificial intelligence technologies, of organized crime, activists, hackers and other external parties, including foreign state actors. Our systems and those of other financial institutions, as well as those of our third-party service providers, have been and will continue to be the frequent target of cyber attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, ransomware,
and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these