on cash and cash equivalents, floating-rate securities and loans, and changes in prepayment levels for mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and loans. Schwab establishes the rates paid on client-related liabilities, and management expects that it will generally adjust the rates paid on these liabilities at some fraction of any movement in short-term rates. Interest expense on long-term debt, FHLB borrowings, other short-term
- 6 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
borrowings, and other funding sources is impacted by market interest rates at the time of borrowing and changes in interest rates on floating-rate liabilities. See also Risk Management – Market Risk.
The Federal Reserve maintained the upper bound of the target overnight rate at 5.50% through most of 2024 before reducing the rate by 50 basis points during the third quarter of 2024 and another 50 basis points across two cuts during the fourth quarter of 2024. During the first quarter of 2025, the Federal Reserve maintained the upper bound of the target overnight rate at 4.50%.
Schwab’s average interest-earning assets in the first quarter of 2025 were lower compared with the same period in 2024; however, client demand for margin and bank lending continued to be strong during the first quarter of 2025, even as clients reduced leverage amid market volatility late in the first quarter. Margin and bank loan balances increased by 23% and 16%, respectively, from March 31, 2024 to the end of the first quarter of 2025. Following further deceleration in the pace of clients’ reallocation of cash from sweep products to higher-yielding investment solutions in 2024, client activity in the first quarter of 2025 reflected normalized cash behavior, inclusive of organic growth, seasonality, and investor sentiment against a backdrop of increased market volatility. Bank sweep deposits and payables to brokerage clients increased by a total of $11.5 billion, or 4%, from March 31, 2024 to the end of the first quarter of 2025. Principal and interest payments on AFS and HTM securities supported a further reduction in bank supplemental funding of $11.8 billion, or 24%, during the first quarter of 2025. Since March 31, 2024, the Company has reduced bank supplemental funding by $32.7 billion, or 46%.
The following table presents net interest revenue information corresponding to interest-earning assets and funding sources on the condensed consolidated balance sheets:
(1)
Amounts have been calculated based on amortized cost. Interest revenue on investment securities is presented net of related premium amortization.
(2)
Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024, payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations is presented separately from non-interest-bearing funding sources and included in total interest-bearing liabilities. This line item includes securities