will be approximately 3-5% of total net revenues.
Taxes on Income
Taxes on income were $546 million and $436 million for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of 22.2% and 24.2%, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily due to the reversal of tax reserves due to the resolution of certain state tax matters during the first quarter of 2025, an increase in equity compensation tax deduction benefits, and a decrease in non-deductible FDIC deposit insurance assessments.
- 12 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Segment Information
Financial information for our segments is presented in the following table
(1)
:
(1)
In connection with certain changes in Schwab’s organizational management structure, in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Retirement Business Services business unit was transferred from the Advisor Services segment to the Investor Services segment. Accordingly, amounts related to the Retirement Business Services business unit are included within Investor Services for the first quarter of 2025, and prior-year amounts have been recast to reflect this new basis of segmentation.
(2)
In the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, Investor Services includes net outflows of $5.3 billion and $7.4 billion, respectively, from off-platform brokered CDs issued by CSB.
N/M Not meaningful. Percentage changes greater than 200% are presented as not meaningful.
Segment Net Revenues
Investor Services and Advisor Services total net revenues increased by 19% and 15%, respectively, in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. Net interest revenue increased for both segments, primarily as a result of lower balances of bank supplemental funding, lower average rates paid on funding sources, and growth in margin and bank lending, partially offset by lower average interest-earnings assets. Asset management and administration fees increased for both segments, primarily as a result of higher balances in money market funds, equity and bond funds, ETFs, CTFs, and Mutual Fund OneSource
®
, and, additionally for Investor Services, managed investing solutions. Trading revenue increased for both segments, primarily due to higher order flow revenue as a result of higher trading volume and increased commission revenue, partially offset by changes in the mix of client trading activity and lower principal transactions revenue. Bank deposit account fees increased for both segments, primarily due to an increase in average net yield partially offset by lower average BDA balances. Other revenue increased for both segments, primarily due to higher industry fees.
Segment Expenses Excluding Interest
Investor Services and Advisor Services total expenses excluding interest increased by 5% and 13%,