from 2023 primarily due to lower average interest-earning assets, higher average rates paid on most funding sources, and lower net interest revenue contributed from securities lending, partially offset by growth in margin and bank lending and lower bank supplemental funding. Average interest-earning assets for 2024 were lower by 10% compared to 2023. This decrease was primarily due to lower average bank sweep deposits, reflecting client cash reallocation and strong client engagement in the equity markets, as well as reduction in bank supplemental funding. The decreases in average interest-earning assets in 2024 were partially offset by growth in margin lending, which was supported by higher payables to brokerage clients and increased securities lending, and growth in bank loans.
Net interest margin increased to 2.12% in 2024, from 1.98% in 2023, as improved average yields on interest-earning assets offset higher rates paid across interest-bearing funding sources.
The Company’s average balances of bank supplemental funding were lower in 2024 compared to 2023, which helped contribute to a 14-basis-point year-over-year improvement in net interest margin in 2024. The Company continues to prioritize repayment of bank supplemental funding balances. The total outstanding balance of bank supplemental funding decreased by $14.9 billion and $29.7 billion during the fourth quarter and full year of 2024, respectively. Our use and the financial impacts of such bank supplemental funding is dependent on several factors, including the volume and pace of clients’ cash allocation activity, which is driven primarily by changes in market interest rates, as well as asset gathering and the level of maturities and paydowns on our investment securities portfolios. While client cash realignment activity has continued to decline from peak levels, uncertainty remains, including the path of market interest rates and client behavior, which could significantly impact our utilization of bank supplemental funding sources. The impacts to net interest revenue of using bank supplemental funding sources also depend on the type of funding source used, levels of interest rates, and the use of proceeds. The Company currently expects its outstanding balances of bank supplemental funding sources to decrease over time. Certain balances outstanding at December 31, 2024 will require rollover into new borrowings, the amount and costs of which will depend on the above noted factors. See also Risk
- 35 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Management – Liquidity Risk, Capital Management, Item 8 – Note 12, Note 13, and Note 18 for additional information on these and other funding sources.
Net interest revenue decreased $1.3 billion, or 12%, in 2023 from 2022 primarily due to increased utilization of higher-cost bank supplemental funding sources to support