AFS to HTM included in AOCI was $
9.7
billion net of tax effect ($
12.8
billion pre-tax). This loss is being amortized over the remaining lives of the securities, offsetting amortization of the securities’ premiums or discounts, and resulting in no impact to net income.
- 111 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
22.
Employee Incentive, Retirement, Deferred Compensation, and Career Achievement Plans
Schwab’s share-based incentive plans provide for granting options and restricted stock units to employees and non-employee directors. In addition, we offer retirement and employee stock purchase plans to eligible employees and sponsor deferred compensation plans for certain eligible employees and non-employee directors.
A summary of share-based compensation expense and related income tax benefit is as follows:
(1)
Excludes income tax benefits from stock options exercised and restricted stock units vested of $
20
million, $
31
million, and $
51
million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
The Company issues shares for stock options and restricted stock units from treasury stock. On May 17, 2022, stockholders approved the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan which, among other things, increased the number of shares of common stock available for issuance to
113
million, plus up to
150
million shares from outstanding awards from predecessor stock incentive plans that expire, are forfeited or cancelled, or that are reacquired by the Company after May 17, 2022. At December 31, 2024, the Company was authorized to grant up to
105
million common shares under its existing stock incentive plans. Additionally, at December 31, 2024, the Company had
23
million shares reserved for future issuance under its employee stock purchase plan.
As of December 31, 2024, there was $
332
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock options and restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized through 2028 with a remaining weighted-average service period of
0.4
years for stock options,
1.8
years for restricted stock units without performance conditions, and
0.2
years for performance-based restricted stock units.
Stock Option Plan
Options are granted for the purchase of shares of common stock at an exercise price not less than market value on the date of grant, and expire
ten years
from the date of grant. Options generally vest annually over a
one
- to
four-year
period from the date of grant.
Stock option activity is summarized below:
(1)
Number of options was less than
500
thousand.
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the difference between CSC’s closing stock price and the exercise price of each in-the-money option on the last trading day of the period presented.
- 112 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share