industry-specific factors, such as trends in short-term and long-term interest rates and the ability to access capital, and Company specific factors such as market capitalization in excess of net assets, trends in revenue generating activities, and merger or acquisition activity.
- 75 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
If the Company elects to bypass qualitatively assessing goodwill, or it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, management estimates the fair values of each of the Company’s reporting units (defined as the Company’s businesses for which financial information is available and reviewed regularly by management) and compares it to their carrying values. The estimated fair values of the reporting units are established using an income approach based on a discounted cash flow model that includes significant assumptions about the future operating results and cash flows of each reporting unit, a market approach which compares each reporting unit to comparable companies in their respective industries, as well as a market capitalization analysis.
Intangible assets
Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives in a manner that best reflects their economic benefit. All intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
Low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC) investments
We account for investments in qualified affordable housing projects using the proportional amortization method if the applicable requirements are met. The proportional amortization method amortizes the cost of the investment over the period in which the investor expects to receive tax credits and other tax benefits, and the resulting amortization is recognized as a component of taxes on income. The carrying value of LIHTC investments is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Unfunded commitments related to LIHTC investments are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Leases
Leases primarily consist of operating leases for corporate offices, branch locations, and server equipment. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has also elected to not record leases acquired in a business combination on the balance sheet if the remaining term as of the acquisition date is 12 months or less. Right-of-use (ROU) assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. At the commencement date,