established DIF restoration plan, and will remain in effect until the DIF reserve ratio meets the FDIC’s long-term goal of 2%. In November 2023, the FDIC approved a special assessment to recover losses incurred by the DIF in 2023 to protect uninsured depositors due to the March 2023 closures of two banks. See Part II – Item 7 – Current Regulatory and Other Developments for additional information regarding the special assessment.
Brokered Deposits
The FDIC’s amended brokered deposits rule became effective April 1, 2021, which established a new framework for determining whether deposits made through arrangements between third parties and depository institutions constitute brokered deposits and more specifically to clarify the circumstances under which broker-dealers that place deposits with depository institutions through brokerage sweep arrangements, such as CS&Co, qualify for the “primary purpose exception” from the definition of a deposit broker. Under this framework, the FDIC established a “25 percent” business relationship designated exception where a broker-dealer or other third party may qualify for the primary purpose exception by filing a notice with the FDIC indicating that less than 25 percent of its customer assets under administration for a particular business line are placed at depository institutions. Funds swept by our broker-dealer subsidiary to Schwab’s depository institution subsidiaries and third-party banks continue to qualify for the primary purpose exception under this framework.
In July 2024, the FDIC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to amend the brokered deposits framework; see Part II – Item 7 – Current Regulatory and Other Developments for additional information regarding this proposed rulemaking.
- 9 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Community Reinvestment Act
The CRA requires the primary federal bank regulatory agency for each of Schwab’s depository institution subsidiaries to assess the subsidiary’s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the bank, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods and persons. Institutions are assigned one of four ratings (“outstanding,” “satisfactory,” “needs to improve,” or “substantial noncompliance”). The failure of an institution to receive at least a “satisfactory” rating could inhibit the institution or its holding company from undertaking certain activities, including acquisitions or opening branch offices.
Volcker Rule
CSC
and its subsidiaries are subject to the Volcker Rule, which generally prohibits proprietary trading or acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in, sponsoring, or having certain relationships with hedge funds and private equity funds, subject to certain exemptions, in each case as the applicable terms are defined in the Volcker Rule and the implementing regulations.
Consumer Financial Protection
The CFPB has broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority for a wide range of federal consumer protection laws relating to