types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Data security breaches may also result from non-technical means, for example, employee misconduct.
Given the high volume of transactions that we process, the large number of clients, counterparties and third-party service providers with which we do business, including cloud service providers, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. The extent of a particular cyber attack and the steps we may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before an investigation is completed and full and reliable information about the attack is known. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.
Security breaches, including breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers, could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws and could subject us to significant liability or loss that may not be covered by insurance, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in our security measures which could harm our business. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to
- 14 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. We may also be required to pay ransom to threat actors to restore or prevent dissemination of data.
We also face risk related to external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients’ user names, passwords or other personal information to gain access to our clients’ financial accounts. This could occur from the compromise of clients’ personal electronic devices or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company where clients’ personal information is taken and then made available to fraudsters. Additionally, data exposure can result from a failure to adequately destroy data during system or asset decommissioning, which might result in client or Company information being made available to external parties in error. Such risks have grown in recent years due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime and other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. Losses reimbursed to clients under our guarantee against unauthorized account activity could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Technology and operational failures or errors and other operational risks could subject us to losses,