client cash allocations in the rising rate environment, and lower average interest-earning assets, which more than offset the benefits of higher average yields on interest-earning assets. Net premium amortization of investment securities decreased to $830 million in 2023 from $1.4 billion in 2022 as a result of increases in market interest rates and a smaller investment securities portfolio. Average interest-earning assets for 2023 were lower by 21% compared to 2022, which was primarily due to lower bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients as a result of clients allocating cash out of sweep products into higher-yielding investment solutions due to higher market interest rates. Net interest margin increased to 1.98% in 2023, from 1.78% in 2022, as higher market interest rates improved yields on interest-earning assets, which more than offset the higher rates paid across interest-bearing funding sources.
Asset Management and Administration Fees
Asset management and administration fees include mutual fund, ETF, and CTF service fees and fees for other asset-based financial services provided to individual and institutional clients. Schwab earns mutual fund, ETF, and CTF service fees for shareholder services, administration, and investment management provided to its proprietary funds, and recordkeeping and shareholder services provided to third-party funds. Asset management and administration fees are based upon the daily balances of client assets invested in these funds and do not include securities lending revenues earned by proprietary mutual funds, ETFs, and CTFs, as those amounts, net of program fees, are credited to the fund shareholders. Proprietary CTFs may, but generally do not, directly participate in securities lending. The fair values of client assets included in proprietary and third-party mutual funds, ETFs, and CTFs are based on quoted market prices and other observable market data.
We also earn asset management fees for managed investing solutions (formerly referred to as advice solutions), which include managed portfolios, specialized strategies, and customized investment advice. Other asset management and administration fees include various asset-based fees, such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, mutual fund clearing fees, and non-balance based service and transaction fees.
Asset management and administration fees vary with changes in the balances of client assets due to market fluctuations and client activity.
The following table presents asset management and administration fees, average client assets, and average fee yields:
(1)
In 2023 and 2022, includes transfers from other third-party mutual funds and ETFs to Mutual Fund OneSource
®
and other NTF funds.
(2)
Average client assets for managed investing solutions may also include the asset balances contained in the mutual fund and/or ETF categories listed above.
(3)
Includes various asset-related fees, such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, and mutual fund