information regarding our sources and uses of liquidity and management of liquidity risk is included in Part II – Item 7 – Risk Management – Liquidity Risk in our 2024 Form 10-K. See also Item 1 – Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Item 1 – Note 8 for the Company’s bank deposits, Item 1 – Note 9 for the Company’s debt and borrowing facilities, Item 1 – Note 12 for the Company’s securities lending activities, and Item 1 – Note 14 for the Company’s equity outstanding balances and activity.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Schwab seeks to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support execution of our business strategy, inclusive of balance sheet growth over time, financial support to our subsidiaries, sustained access to the capital markets, and regulatory capital requirements. Schwab also seeks to return excess capital to stockholders. We may return excess capital through dividends, repurchases of common shares, preferred stock redemptions, and repurchases of our preferred stock represented by depositary shares. Schwab’s primary sources of capital are funds generated by the operations of subsidiaries and securities issuances by CSC in the capital markets. To ensure that Schwab has sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses or declines in asset values, we have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios.
Regulatory Capital Requirements
CSC and certain subsidiaries, including our banking and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to various capital requirements set by regulatory agencies as discussed in further detail in Part II – Item 7 – Capital Management of the 2024 Form 10-K and in Item 1 – Note 17. As of March 31, 2025, CSC and our banking subsidiaries are considered well capitalized, and CS&Co is in compliance with its net capital requirements.
- 20 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
The following table details the capital ratios for CSC (consolidated) and CSB:
(1)
Changes in market interest rates can result in unrealized gains or losses on AFS securities, which are included in AOCI. As a Category III banking organization, CSC has elected to exclude most components of AOCI from regulatory capital.
The Company’s consolidated Tier 1 Leverage Ratio at March 31, 2025 remained consistent with year-end 2024, ending the first quarter of 2025 at 9.9%. CSB’s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio increased from 11.6% at year-end 2024, ending the first quarter of 2025 at 12.1% primarily as a result of lower total assets as well as net income during the quarter.
In light of the Federal Reserve’s 2023 regulatory capital rule proposal, which, among other things, would require the Company to include AOCI in regulatory capital (see Part II – Item 7 – Current Regulatory and Other Developments in the 2024 Form 10-K), the Company has developed an adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio, which is