Company may also determine to settle a matter because of the uncertainty and risks of litigation. Described below are any matters in which there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss could be incurred or where the matter may otherwise be of significant interest to stockholders. Unless otherwise noted, the Company is unable to provide a reasonable estimate of any potential liability given the stage of proceedings in the matter. With respect to all other pending matters, based on current information and consultation with counsel, it does not appear reasonably possible that the outcome of any such matter would be material to the financial condition, operating results, or cash flows of the Company.
Corrente Antitrust Litigation
: On June 6, 2022, CSC was sued in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas on behalf of a putative class of customers who purchased or sold securities through CS&Co or TD Ameritrade, Inc. (now Ameritrade of New York, Inc.) from October 26, 2020 to the present. The lawsuit alleges that CSC’s acquisition of Ameritrade violated Section 7 of the Clayton Act because it has resulted in an anticompetitive market for the execution of retail customer orders. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, as well as injunctive and other relief. A motion by the Company to dismiss the lawsuit was denied by the court on February 24, 2023. On December 12, 2024, the parties filed a joint stipulation proposing a settlement of the lawsuit on a class basis under which defendants would commit to certain non-monetary undertakings and payments of plaintiffs’ attorneys’ fees and costs in an amount that would be immaterial. Approval of the settlement remains pending with the court.
11.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives
The Company utilizes derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk exposures that arise from business activities related to changes in fair values or the receipt and payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts due to changes in interest rates. The Company uses derivative instruments to manage changes in the fair values of, as well as changes in the amounts and/or timing of known or expected cash receipts and payments related to, our AFS investment portfolio and Senior Notes.
For a description of how the Company accounts for derivative instruments, see Item 8 – Note 2 in the 2024 Form 10-K. For additional information on the basis of presentation for derivative instruments on the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets and related offsetting considerations, see Note 12. Cash flows associated with derivative instruments are reflected as cash flows from operating activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows consistent with the treatment and nature of the items being hedged.
Fair Value Hedges of Interest Rate Risk
The Company is exposed to changes in the fair value of its fixed-rate AFS securities and Senior Notes, as