Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
Net capital and net capital requirements for CS&Co are as follows:
Pursuant to the SEC’s Customer Protection Rule and other applicable regulations, Schwab had cash and investments segregated for the exclusive benefit of clients at March 31, 2025. The SEC’s Customer Protection Rule requires broker-dealers to segregate client fully-paid securities and cash balances not collateralizing margin positions and not swept to money market funds or bank deposit accounts. Amounts included in cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes represent actual balances on deposit. Cash and cash equivalents included in cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes are presented as part of Schwab’s cash balances in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
18.
Segment Information
Schwab’s
two
reportable segments are Investor Services and Advisor Services. Schwab structures the operating segments according to its clients and the services provided to those clients. The Investor Services segment provides retail brokerage, investment advisory, and banking and trust services to individual investors, and retirement plan and business services, as well as other corporate brokerage services, to businesses and their employees. The Advisor Services segment provides custodial, trading, banking and trust, and support services to independent RIAs, independent retirement advisors, and recordkeepers. Revenues and expenses are attributed to the
two
segments based on which segment services the client. Schwab’s chief operating decision makers (CODMs) are the President and Chief Executive Officer, and the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer.
The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Item 8 – Note 2 in the 2024 Form 10-K. For the computation of its segment information, Schwab utilizes an activity-based costing model to allocate traditional income statement line item expenses (e.g., compensation and benefits, depreciation and amortization, and professional services) to the business activities driving segment expenses (e.g., client service, opening new accounts, or business development) and a funds transfer pricing methodology to allocate certain revenues.
The CODMs evaluate the performance of the segments on a pre-tax basis and use income before taxes on income to allocate resources, including employees and capital, to the segments during the annual budgeting process. The CODMs consider budget-to-actual variances on a monthly basis when making decisions about allocating resources to the segments throughout the year. Segment assets and liabilities are not used for evaluating segment performance or in deciding how to allocate resources to segments. There are
no
revenues from transactions between the segments.
- 60 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions,