benefits, and retention costs, as well as costs related to facility closures, such as accelerated amortization and depreciation or impairments of assets in those locations. Exit and other related costs are a component of the Company’s overall acquisition and integration-related spending.
Inclusive of costs recognized through December 31, 2024, Schwab incurred total exit and other related costs for the integration of Ameritrade of $
430
million, consisting of employee compensation and benefits, facility exit costs, and certain other costs. During each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized $
42
million, $
60
million, and $
34
million of acquisition-related exit costs, respectively. In addition to ASC 420
Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations (ASC 420)
, certain of the costs associated with these activities were accounted for in accordance with ASC 360
Property, Plant and Equipment (ASC 360)
, ASC 712
Compensation
–
Nonretirement Post Employment Benefits (ASC 712)
, ASC 718
Compensation
–
Stock Compensation (ASC 718)
, and ASC 842
Leases (ASC 842)
. The integration of Ameritrade is complete and the exit and other related liabilities as of December 31, 2024 are anticipated to be paid in early 2025.
The following table is a summary of the Ameritrade integration activity in the Company’s exit and other related liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 and activity for the years then ended:
(1)
Included in accrued and expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
(2)
Amounts recognized in expense for severance pay and other termination benefits, as well as retention costs, are primarily included in
compensation and benefits
on the consolidated statements of income.
- 99 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
The following table summarizes the Ameritrade integration exit and other related costs recognized in expense for the year ended December 31, 2024:
(1)
Costs related to facility closures. These costs, which are primarily comprised of impairment and accelerated amortization of ROU assets and accelerated depreciation of fixed assets, relate to the impact of abandoning leased and other properties. Impairment charges are included in other expense, while accelerated amortization of ROU assets and accelerated depreciation of fixed assets are included in occupancy and equipment and depreciation expense, respectively, on the consolidated statements of income.
The following table summarizes the Ameritrade integration exit and other related costs recognized in expense for the year ended December 31, 2023:
(1)
Costs related to facility closures. These costs, which are primarily comprised of impairment and accelerated amortization of ROU assets, relate to the impact of abandoning leased properties. Impairment charges are included in other expense, while accelerated