conduct that we must demonstrate to deliver our strategy while retaining the trust of our stakeholders.
Risk Governance
Schwab maintains an integrated risk governance structure that directs Company-wide execution of the risk management process. The risk governance structure includes the Board of Directors, designated committees of the Board, and management risk committees.
CSC’s Board of Directors sets the tone and culture of effective risk management. The Board has a Risk Committee that assists the Board in setting the type and level of risks that the Company is willing to take and supports the independence and stature of independent risk management. The Board Risk Committee also assists the Board in overseeing and holding senior management accountable for implementing the Board’s approved risk appetite, maintaining the Company’s risk management and control processes, and managing the Company’s activities in a safe and sound manner, and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Board Risk Committee also approves risk appetite statements and related key risk appetite metrics, key risk policies, and reviews information relating to risk issues from functional areas of corporate risk management, legal, and internal audit.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by reviewing the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and financial reporting processes, the qualifications and independence of the independent auditors and performance of the Company’s internal audit function and independent auditors, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, processes to assess and manage risk exposures, and other matters as directed by the Board. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors assists the Board in oversight of compensation of the Company’s directors, executive officers, and other senior officers. The Board Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in its oversight responsibilities regarding Board composition, performance, and developing corporate governance principles, policies, and procedures.
Senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures under which specific business and control units are responsible for risk identification and assessment, risk response, risk measurement and monitoring, and risk reporting and escalation. The Global Risk Committee, which is comprised of senior executives from each client enterprise and support function, is responsible for the oversight of risk management. This includes identifying emerging risks, assessing risk management practices and the control environment, reinforcing business accountability for risk management, supervisory controls and regulatory compliance, supporting resource prioritization across the organization, and escalating significant issues to the Board of Directors. The Chief Risk Officer regularly reports