ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. Liquidity sources are also tested periodically and results are reported to the Financial Risk Oversight Committee. A number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify emerging liquidity stresses in the market or within the organization and are reviewed with management periodically.
Funding Sources
Schwab’s primary source of funds is cash generated by client activity which includes bank deposits and cash balances in client brokerage accounts. These funds are used to purchase investment securities and extend loans to clients. Other sources of funds may include cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities, repayments on loans, securities lending of assets held in client brokerage accounts, FHLB borrowings, borrowings under repurchase agreements with external financial institutions, issuance of CDs, cash provided by securities issuances by CSC in the capital markets, and other facilities described below.
To meet daily funding needs, we maintain liquidity in the form of overnight cash deposits and short-term investments. For unanticipated liquidity needs, we also maintain a buffer of highly liquid investments, including U.S. Treasury securities.
Our clients’ bank deposits and brokerage cash balances primarily originate from our 37.0 million active brokerage accounts. More than 80% of our bank deposits qualified for FDIC insurance as of March 31, 2025. Our clients’ allocation of cash held on our balance sheet as bank deposits or payables to brokerage clients is sensitive to interest rate levels, with clients typically increasing their utilization of investment cash solutions, such as purchased money market funds and certain fixed income products when those yields are higher than those of cash sweep features.
As a participant in the financial services industry, Schwab relies on access to external financing in the normal course of business. Schwab’s use of external debt facilities may arise from timing differences between cash flow requirements, such as client cash outflows, cash flows from operations, payments on interest-earning assets, movements of cash to meet regulatory brokerage client cash segregation requirements, and general corporate purposes. Rollover risk is the risk that we will not be able to refinance or payoff borrowings as they mature. We maintain policies and procedures necessary to access funding, and test borrowing procedures on a periodic basis. We manage rollover risk on borrowings, taking into account expected principal paydowns on our investment and loan portfolios along with expected deposit flows.
- 17 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
The following table describes certain external debt facilities available at March 31, 2025:
(1)
Amounts