asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates, benchmark yields, issuer spreads, new issue data, and collateral performance.
•
Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis
Schwab’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include certain cash equivalents, certain investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes, AFS securities, certain other assets, interest rate swaps, and certain accrued expenses and other liabilities. The Company uses the market approach to determine the fair value of assets and liabilities. When
- 78 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
available, the Company uses quoted prices in active markets to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. Quoted prices for investments in exchange-traded securities represent end-of-day close prices published by exchanges. Quoted prices for money market funds and other mutual funds represent reported net asset values. When utilizing market data and bid-ask spread, the Company uses the price within the bid-ask spread that best represents fair value. When quoted prices in active markets do not exist, the Company uses prices obtained from independent third-party pricing services to measure the fair value of investment assets, and we generally obtain prices from
three
independent third-party pricing sources for such assets recorded at fair value.
Our primary independent pricing service provides prices for our fixed income investments such as commercial paper; certificates of deposit; U.S. government and agency securities; state and municipal securities; corporate debt securities; asset-backed securities; foreign government agency securities; and non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities. Such prices are based on observable trades, broker/dealer quotes, and discounted cash flows that incorporate observable information such as yields for similar types of securities (a benchmark interest rate plus observable spreads) and weighted-average maturity for the same or similar “to-be-issued” securities. We compare the prices obtained from the primary independent pricing service to the prices obtained from the additional independent pricing services to determine if the price obtained from the primary independent pricing service is reasonable. Schwab does not adjust the prices received from independent third-party pricing services unless such prices are inconsistent with the definition of fair value and result in material differences in the