control the composition of our
- 14 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
investment securities, we have some ability to manage our net interest spread, depending on competitive factors and market conditions. When we have liquidity needs that exceed our primary sources of funding, the Company has needed to utilize higher-cost funding sources, which can reduce net interest margin and net interest revenue.
Higher prevailing short-term interest rates generally improve yields on shorter duration interest-earning assets. During periods of rapidly rising interest rates, clients tend to reallocate cash out of sweep products into higher-yielding, off-balance sheet, fixed income investments and money market funds within Schwab’s product offerings. This can result in lower interest-earning assets and/or may require supplemental funding with higher funding costs, which therefore tend to constrain net interest revenue when interest rates are moving rapidly higher. A decline in short-term interest rates could negatively impact the yield on the Company’s investment and loan portfolios to a greater degree than any offsetting reduction in interest expense from funding sources, compressing net interest margin.
Net interest revenue sensitivity analyses assume both statically and dynamically-sized balance sheet composition. Statically-sized balance sheet modeling assumes the asset and liability structure of the consolidated balance sheet would not be changed as a result of the simulated changes in interest rates. While this approach is useful to isolate the impact of changes in interest rates on a statically-sized asset and liability structure, it does not capture changes to client cash allocations. We therefore also conduct dynamically-sized balance sheet compositions as a function of interest rates. Dynamic net interest revenue simulations assume runoff of bank deposit and payables to brokerage client balances is supplemented with wholesale borrowing when needed to fund assets through the simulation horizon. We also conduct similar simulations on EVE to capture the impact of client cash allocation changes on our balance sheet. As we actively manage the consolidated balance sheet and interest rate exposure, we have taken and would typically seek to take steps to manage additional interest rate exposure that could result from changes in the interest rate environment.
The following table assumes a statically-sized balance sheet with simulated changes to net interest revenue over the next 12 months beginning March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 of a gradual increase or decrease in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates at the end of each reporting period:
The Company’s simulated incremental increases in market interest rates had a largely consistent impact on net interest revenue as of March 31, 2025 compared to