deploy advanced monitoring systems to identify suspicious activity and deter unauthorized access by internal or external actors, and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats.
We evaluate and manage risk related to third-party vendors, assessing their cybersecurity programs and practices both prior to onboarding and over the term of service.
We also maintain policies, standards, and procedures, which apply to employees, contractors, and third parties, regarding the standard of care expected with all of our data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. This includes limiting the number of employees who have access to clients’ personal information and internal authentication measures enforced to protect against the unauthorized use of employee credentials. Employees who handle sensitive information are trained in privacy and security, including training on recognizing social engineering.
Schwab also engages with external firms specializing in discrete areas of cybersecurity to assess the Company’s practices, vulnerabilities, and overall cyber risk posture.
Schwab’s corporate cybersecurity program is led by our
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
, who reports to our Chief Information Officer (CIO).
The current CISO has been in his role for several years, and is responsible for our overall cybersecurity strategy, security engineering, security operations, cyber threat detection and incident response, and technology risk and compliance.
Our CISO has extensive experience assessing and managing cybersecurity risk, and is supported by a cybersecurity organization comprised of hundreds of professionals, many of whom hold various certifications, such as Certified Information Systems Security Professional, Certified Information Security Manager, and Certified in Risk and Information System Control.
Our CISO and CIO regularly review our cybersecurity program and our prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation efforts with management level risk committees and the Board Risk Committee, and we maintain a process for timely escalation of significant risk events to senior management and the
Board
.
See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional discussion on information security risks. See also Part II – Item 7 – Risk Management for additional information on the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework, including further discussion of the Company’s risk governance and the management of related risks.
- 20 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Item 2.     Properties
As part of our real estate energy management program, Schwab incorporates sustainable practices and procedures to guide our facilities’ design, materials, and building technologies. A summary of Schwab’s significant locations is presented in the following table.
The square footage amounts presented in the table above are net of space that has