of 2024, the Retirement Business Services business unit was transferred from the Advisor Services segment to the Investor Services segment. Accordingly, amounts related to the Retirement Business Services business unit are included within Investor Services for full-year 2024, and prior-year amounts have been recast to reflect this new basis of segmentation.
(2)
In 2024, Investor Services includes net outflows of $14.6 billion from off-platform brokered CDs issued by CSB, an inflow of $10.3 billion from a mutual fund clearing services client, and outflows of $0.7 billion from an international relationship. In 2023, Investor Services includes net inflows of $32.5 billion from off-platform brokered CDs issued by CSB, inflows of $12.0 billion from a mutual fund clearing services client, and outflows of $5.8 billion from an international relationship. In 2022, Investor Services includes outflows of $20.8 billion from mutual fund clearing services clients. In 2024 and 2023, Advisor Services includes outflows of $0.3 billion and $7.2 billion, respectively, from an international relationship.
Segment Net Revenues
Investor Services total net revenues increased by 6% in 2024 compared to 2023. Net interest revenue increased for Investor Services primarily due to growth of margin lending and lower average balances of FHLB borrowings, partially offset by lower average interest-earning assets and higher average rates paid on most funding sources. Trading revenue increased for Investor Services due to higher order flow revenue as a result of increased trading volumes and changes in the mix of trading activity. Other revenue increased for Investor Services primarily due to higher industry fees and lower losses recognized on sales of AFS securities. Advisor Services total net revenues decreased by 3% in 2024 compared to 2023. Net interest revenue decreased for Advisor Services primarily as a result of lower average interest-earning assets and higher average rates paid on most funding sources, partially offset by lower average balances of FHLB borrowings, and trading revenue decreased for Advisor Services, primarily due to lower order flow revenue as a result of changes in the mix of client trading activity. Asset management and administration fees increased for both segments, primarily as a result of higher balances in money market funds and Mutual Fund OneSource, and, additionally for Investor Services, fee-based managed investing solutions. Additionally, bank deposit account fees increased for both segments, primarily due to breakage fees incurred that resulted in lower bank deposit account fee revenue in 2023, partially offset by lower BDA balances.
Investor Services and Advisor Services total net revenues decreased by 8% and 15%, respectively, in 2023 compared to 2022. Net interest revenue decreased for both segments due to higher-cost funding sources and lower average interest-earning asset balances, as described above. Both segments saw a decrease in bank