discretion, subject to an obligation to maintain IDA balances above a minimum of $
60
billion, with a maximum of $
90
billion.
Designation of deposit balances for investment in fixed- or floating-rate instruments under the 2023 IDA agreement is at Schwab’s sole discretion with certain limitations on the amount of fixed-rate obligation amounts. If IDA balances decline below the required IDA balance minimum as described above, Schwab would be required to make a nonperformance payment to the TD Depository Institutions pursuant to the terms of the 2023 IDA agreement.
As of March 31, 2025, the total ending IDA balance was $
83.7
billion, of which $
64.9
billion was fixed-rate obligation amounts and $
18.8
billion was floating-rate obligation amounts. As of December 31, 2024, the total ending IDA balance was $
87.6
billion, of which $
66.6
billion was fixed-rate obligation amounts and $
21.0
billion was floating-rate obligation amounts.
- 46 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
Legal contingencies
: Schwab is subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, some of which include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. The Company is also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.
Predicting the outcome of a litigation or regulatory matter is inherently difficult, requiring significant judgment and evaluation of various factors, including the procedural status of the matter and any recent developments; prior experience and the experience of others in similar cases; available defenses, including potential opportunities to dispose of a case on the merits or procedural grounds before trial (e.g., motions to dismiss or for summary judgment); the progress of fact discovery; the opinions of counsel and experts regarding potential damages; and potential opportunities for settlement and the status of any settlement discussions. It may not be reasonably possible to estimate a range of potential liability until the matter is closer to resolution – pending, for example, further proceedings, the outcome of key motions or appeals, or discussions among the parties. Numerous issues may have to be developed, such as discovery of important factual matters and determination of threshold legal issues, which may include novel or unsettled questions of law. Reserves are established or adjusted or further disclosure and estimates of potential loss are provided as the matter progresses and more information becomes available.
Schwab believes it has strong defenses in all significant matters currently pending and is contesting liability and any damages claimed. Nevertheless, some of these matters may result in adverse judgments or awards, including penalties, injunctions or other relief, and the