primarily due to lower purchased and internally developed software as we completed Ameritrade client account transitions in the second quarter of 2024 and completed the Ameritrade integration, partially offset by higher investment in buildings. Capital expenditures decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, as lower capitalized information technology equipment and buildings more than offset an increase in capitalized software
- 40 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
costs. We continued to invest in our technological infrastructure in 2023 to support the Ameritrade integration as well as greater capacity for our expanding client base.
Capital expenditures were 3.1% of total net revenues in 2024, within our estimated range for the year. We anticipate capital expenditures for 2025 to be within our longer term expectation of 3-5% of total net revenues.
Taxes on Income
Schwab’s effective income tax rate on income before taxes was 22.8% in 2024, 20.6% in 2023, and 23.5% in 2022. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2024 from 2023 was primarily due to an increase in state tax expense and the recognition of certain tax credits during 2023, partially offset by additional tax credits recognized and the reversal of tax reserves due to the resolution of certain state tax matters during 2024. The decrease in the effective tax rate in 2023 from 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in state tax expense and the recognition of certain tax credits in 2023, partially offset by an increase in non-deductible FDIC deposit insurance assessments and a decrease in equity compensation tax deduction benefits.
Segment Information
Revenues and expenses are attributed to the two segments based on which segment services the client. Management evaluates the performance of the segments on a pre-tax basis. Segment assets and liabilities are not used for evaluating segment performance or in deciding how to allocate resources to segments. Net revenues in both segments are generated from the underlying client assets and trading activity; differences in the composition of net revenues between the segments are based on the composition of client assets, client trading frequency, and pricing unique to each. While both segments leverage the scale and efficiency of our platforms, segment expenses reflect the dynamics of serving millions of clients in Investor Services versus the thousands of RIAs on the Advisor Services platform. See Item 8 – Note 25 for additional segment information.
- 41 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Financial information for our segments is presented in the following table
(1)
:
(1)
In connection with certain changes in Schwab’s organizational management structure, in the fourth quarter