practices, including business, technology, and operations consulting on a range of topics critical to an RIA’s success, as well as an annual RIA benchmarking study to help firms understand key business metrics relative to peers. We also offer an array of services to help advisors establish their own independent practices through a robust prospect consulting offer. To support them throughout their transition, we offer access to business start-up and transition consultants, technology engineers, and dedicated service teams.
Schwab provides extensive educational materials, programs, and events to RIAs seeking to expand their knowledge of industry issues and trends, as well as sharpen their individual expertise and practice management skills. We conduct industry research on an ongoing basis, and hold a series of events and conferences every year to discuss topics of interest to RIAs, including business strategies and best practices. Schwab sponsors and hosts the annual IMPACT
®
conference, which provides a national forum for the Company, RIAs, and other industry participants to gather and share information and insights, as well as a multitude of smaller events across the country each year.
- 5 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
RIAs and their clients have access to our broad range of products and services, including individual securities, mutual funds, ETFs, fixed income products, managed accounts, cash products, bank lending, and trust services. By functioning as the custodian, Schwab earns revenue associated with the underlying client assets, predominantly through net interest revenue and asset management and administration fees. In this capacity, we do not charge the RIA or end client a custody fee.
As part of our integration of Ameritrade, we have added some of the best features from Ameritrade into our ongoing offerings. The Company’s thinkpipes
®
trading platform offers real-time charting and efficient trading and allocation, and iRebal
®
provides customizable portfolio rebalancing – both now part of our ongoing offering for RIA clients.
Sources of Net Revenues
Schwab’s largest sources of net revenues are net interest revenue, asset management and administration fees, trading revenue, and bank deposit account fees. These revenue streams are supported by the combination of our bank, broker-dealer, and asset management operating subsidiaries, each of which brings specific capabilities that enable us to provide clients with the products and services they are seeking.
Net interest revenue is the difference between interest generated on interest-earning assets and interest paid on funding sources. Schwab’s primary funding source for interest-earning assets is uninvested client cash balances held on our balance sheet as part of clients’ overall relationship with the Company. Schwab’s interest-earning assets are primarily comprised of high-quality fixed income securities, margin loans, and bank loans.
Asset management and administration fees are