relevant risk indicators, including each loan’s term and structure, current delinquency status, and the estimated current LTV ratio, as well as borrower FICO scores and current key interest rates including U.S. Treasury, SOFR, Prime, and mortgage rates. The more significant variables in the model include delinquency roll rates, housing prices, interest rates, and the unemployment rate. Delinquency roll rates (i.e., the rates at which loans transition through delinquency stages and ultimately result in a loss) are estimated from our historical loss experience over a full economic cycle. Loss severity (i.e., loss given default) estimates are based on forecasted net equity associated with each loan and property, as well as loss experience and market trends, both current and forecasted. Housing price trends are derived from historical home price indices and econometric forecasts of future home values. Factors affecting the home price index include housing inventory, unemployment, interest rates, and inflation expectations. Mortgage rates are estimated based on forecasted spread, while the rest of the interest rates used by the model are projected based on the forward rates. The unemployment rate forecast is typically based on the recent consensus of regularly published economic surveys. Linear interpolation is applied to revert to long-term trends after the reasonable and supportable forecast period.
The methodology described above results in loss factors that are applied to the amortized cost basis of loans, exclusive of accrued interest receivable, to determine the allowance for credit losses for First Mortgages and HELOCs.
- 74 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
Management also estimates a liability for expected credit losses on the Company’s commitments to extend credit related to unused HELOCs and commitments to purchase First Mortgages. See Note 15 for additional information on these commitments. The liability is calculated by applying the loss factors described above to the commitments expected to be funded and is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The liability for expected credit losses on these commitments and related activity were immaterial for all periods presented.
Nonaccrual, nonperforming, and impaired loans
First Mortgages, HELOCs, PALs, and other loans are placed on nonaccrual status upon becoming 90 days past due as to interest or principal (unless the loans are well-secured and in the process of collection), or when the full timely collection of interest or principal becomes uncertain, including loans to borrowers who have filed for bankruptcy. HELOC loans secured by a second lien are placed on non-accrual status if the associated first lien is 90 days or more delinquent, regardless of the payment status of the HELOC. When a loan is placed on