calculation of diluted EPS totaled
14
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
As of March 31, 2024, the Company had voting and nonvoting common stock outstanding. The computations of basic and diluted EPS for the two classes for the three months ended March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(1)
Includes preferred stock dividends and undistributed earnings and dividends allocated to non-vested restricted stock units.
(2)
Antidilutive stock options and restricted stock units excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS totaled
18
million for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
- 58 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
17.
Regulatory Requirements
At March 31, 2025, CSC and its banking subsidiaries met all of their respective capital requirements.
Regulatory capital and ratios for CSC (consolidated) and CSB are as follows:
(1)
Under risk-based capital rules, CSC and CSB are also required to maintain additional capital buffers above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital ratios. As of March 31, 2025, CSC was subject to a stress capital buffer of 2.5%. In addition, CSB is required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%. CSC and CSB are also required to maintain a countercyclical capital buffer above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital ratios, which was zero for both periods presented. If a buffer falls below the minimum requirement, CSC and CSB would be subject to increasingly strict limits on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. At March 31, 2025, the minimum capital ratio requirements for both CSC and CSB, inclusive of their respective buffers, were 7.0%, 8.5%, and 10.5% for Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital, and Total Risk-Based Capital, respectively.
N/A Not applicable.
Based on its regulatory capital ratios at March 31, 2025, CSB is considered well capitalized (the highest category) under its respective regulatory capital rules. There are no conditions or events since March 31, 2025 that management believes have changed CSB’s capital category.
CSC’s other banking subsidiaries are Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB (CSPB) and Charles Schwab Trust Bank (Trust Bank). CSPB is a Texas-chartered state savings bank that provides banking and custody services, and Trust Bank is a Nevada state-chartered savings bank that provides trust and custody services. At March 31, 2025, the balance sheets of CSPB and Trust Bank consisted primarily of investment securities, and the entities held total assets of $
25.3
billion and $
9.8
billion, respectively. Based on their regulatory capital ratios, at March 31, 2025, CSPB and Trust Bank are considered well capitalized under their respective regulatory capital rules.
- 59 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions,