derivative instruments. Key assumptions include the projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, rates and balances of non-maturity client cash held on the balance sheet, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, repricing of financial instruments, and reinvestment of matured or paid-down securities and loans. We use independent third-party models to simulate net interest revenue sensitivity and related analyses. Fixed income analytical vendors provide term structure models, prepayment speed models for mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans, and cash flow projections based on interest income, contractual maturities, and prepayments. The Company’s net interest revenue sensitivity analyses utilize gradual parallel increases/decreases in interest rates over a twelve-month period, though we also regularly simulate the effects of non-parallel shifts and instantaneous shifts of interest rates on net interest revenue.
Net interest revenue is affected by various factors, such as the distribution and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the spread between yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, which may reprice at different times or by different amounts, and the spread between short- and long-term interest rates. Interest-earning assets include investment securities, margin loans, bank loans, and cash and cash equivalents. These assets are sensitive to changes in interest rates and changes in prepayment levels that tend to increase in a declining rate environment and decrease in a rising rate environment. Because we establish the rates paid on certain brokerage client cash balances and bank deposits and the rates charged on certain margin and bank loans, and control the composition of our investment securities, we have some ability to manage our net interest spread, depending on competitive factors and market conditions. When we have liquidity needs that exceed our primary sources of funding, the Company has needed to utilize higher-cost funding sources, which can reduce net interest margin and net interest revenue.
Higher prevailing short-term interest rates generally improve yields on shorter duration interest-earning assets. During periods of rapidly rising interest rates, clients tend to reallocate cash out of sweep products into higher-yielding, off-balance sheet, fixed income investments and money market funds within Schwab’s product offerings. This can result in lower interest-earning assets and/or may require supplemental funding with higher funding costs, which therefore tend to constrain net interest revenue when interest rates are moving rapidly higher. A decline in short-term interest rates could negatively impact the yield on the Company’s investment and loan portfolios to a greater degree than any offsetting reduction in interest expense from funding sources, compressing net interest margin.
Net interest revenue sensitivity