Noted)
24.
Regulatory Requirements
CSC is a savings and loan holding company and is subject to examination, supervision, and regulation by the Federal Reserve. CSB, CSC’s primary depository institution subsidiary, is a Texas-chartered state savings bank and is a member of the Federal Reserve system. CSB is subject to examination, supervision, and regulation by the Federal Reserve, the TDSML, the CFPB, and the FDIC as its deposit insurer. CSC is required to serve as a source of strength for our banking subsidiaries.
CSB is subject to various requirements and restrictions under federal and state laws, including regulatory capital requirements and requirements that restrict and govern the terms of affiliate transactions, such as extensions of credit to, or asset purchases from CSC or its other subsidiaries by CSB. In addition, our banking subsidiaries are required to provide notice to, and are required to obtain approval from, the Federal Reserve and the banking subsidiaries’ state regulators in order to declare and pay dividends to CSC in excess of the amount of recent net income and retained earnings. The federal banking agencies have broad powers to enforce regulations, including the power to terminate deposit insurance, impose substantial fines and other civil and criminal penalties, and appoint a conservator or receiver. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, CSB could be subject to restrictive actions if it were to fall within one of the lowest three of five capital categories. CSC and CSB are required to maintain minimum capital levels as specified in federal banking regulations. Failure to meet the minimum levels could result in certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary actions by the regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on CSC and CSB. At December 31, 2024, both CSC and CSB met all of their respective capital requirements.
The regulatory capital and ratios for CSC (consolidated) and CSB are as follows:
(1)
Under risk-based capital rules, CSC and CSB are also required to maintain additional capital buffers above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital ratios. As of December 31, 2024, CSC was subject to a stress capital buffer of 2.5%. In addition, CSB is required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%. CSC and CSB are also required to maintain a countercyclical capital buffer above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital ratios, which was zero for both periods presented. If a buffer falls below the minimum requirement, CSC and CSB would be subject to increasingly strict limits on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. At December 31, 2024, the minimum capital ratio requirements for both CSC and CSB, inclusive of their respective buffers, were 7.0%, 8.5%, and 10.5% for Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital, and Total Risk-Based Capital, respectively.
N/A Not applicable.
-