information regarding cybersecurity risk, see Item 1C. Cybersecurity.
Economic and Market Risks
Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business.
Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment – economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates, and overall investor engagement, and are outside of our control. Deterioration in the housing and credit markets and decreases in securities valuations negatively impact our results of operations and capital resources.
The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States, have a significant effect on our operating results. Actions taken by the Federal Reserve, including changes in its target funds rate and its own balance sheet management, are difficu
lt to predict and can affect our financial results, including net interest revenue and bank deposit account fees, and the market value of our investment securities. These policies can have implications for clients’ allocation to cash as we experienced in recent years, and higher or lower client cash balances have an impact on our capital requirements, as well as liquidity implications if such changes in allocation are sudden. Investor sentiment and market and trading dynamics can affect client preferences and security selection, and can impact transactions and asset-based revenues.
A significant change in client cash allocations could negatively impact our income.
We rely heavily on client cash balances to generate revenue. Cash awaiting investment may be used to extend margin loans to clients or be swept to our banking subsidiaries and those bank deposits are then used to extend loans to clients and purchase investment securities. We also sweep a portion of such cash to the TD Depository Institutions pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement, through which we earn bank deposit account fees. A significant reduction in our clients’ allocation to cash, a change in the allocation of that cash, or a transfer of cash away from the Company, would likely reduce our income. As a result of the rapid increases in short-term interest rates in 2022 and 2023, the Company saw a significant decrease in clients’ asset allocation to sweep cash and greater client investment in higher-yielding alternatives at Schwab such as fixed income investments and proprietary purchased money market funds. To help facilitate these changes in client cash allocations, the Company utilized higher-cost supplemental funding sources, which negatively impacted the Company’s net income.
Significant interest rate changes could affect our profitability.
The direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. A decline in interest rates may have a negative impact on our net interest revenue and our bank deposit account fee revenue. The