Investment Marketplace;
•
Banking – checking and savings accounts, first lien residential real estate mortgage loans (First Mortgages), home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), and pledged asset lines (PALs); and
•
Trust – trust custody services, personal trust reporting services, and administrative trustee services.
These investing products and services are made available through two business segments – Investor Services and Advisor Services. Schwab’s major sources of revenues are generated by both of the reportable segments, based on their respective levels of client assets and activity. Revenue is attributable to a reportable segment based on which segment has the primary responsibility for serving the client. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Part II – Item 8 – Note 2.
Investor Services
Charles Schwab initially founded the Company 50 years ago to provide individual investors with access to the financial markets at a highly competitive cost. The Company has expanded offerings over time in response to client needs, aiming to provide a compelling and often disruptive solution in the marketplace. The Investor Services segment includes the following business units: Retail Investor; Workplace Financial Services, which includes Retirement Plan Services, Retirement Business Services (formerly part of Advisor Services), Stock Plan Services, and Designated Brokerage Services; Mutual Fund Clearing Services; and Off-Platform Sales.
Through the Retail Investor business unit, we offer individual investors access to a broad set of products, tools, education, trading, and advisory solutions. We provide advice and guidance through various relationship models. And we offer award-winning and 24/7 service to all our clients, regardless of asset levels, via a multi-channel service delivery model, which includes online, mobile, telephone, and branch support.
We believe in the power of investing and the importance of planning in helping clients achieve their financial goals. At the core of our offer is our broad set of relationship models that help personalize the investing journey for our clients and offer them the choice of where, when, and how they do business with us. Financial Consultants, Active Trader Financial Consultants, and Wealth Consultants in Schwab’s branches and regional centers focus on building client relationships. We also have a range of roles to support clients with a broad set of specialized needs, including financial planning, managed investing, trading, trust, equity compensation, and lending. Additionally, we have teams focused on supporting the advice and education needs of all our clients and corporate plan participants irrespective of asset levels at Schwab. To better meet the differentiated needs of our more affluent clients, we offer Schwab Private Client Services™ for clients with $1 million – $10 million and Schwab Private Wealth Services™ for clients with $10 million or more in total