derivatives is recorded in AOCI and subsequently reclassified into interest revenue or interest expense, depending on where the hedged cash flows are recognized, on the consolidated statements of income when the hedged transactions affect earnings. Amounts reported in AOCI for cash flow hedges of interest rate risk on recognized financial assets and liabilities are reclassified into interest revenue or interest expense as interest payments are accrued or made. If the hedging relationship is terminated and it becomes probable that the transactions that were hedged will not occur, the gain or loss on the derivative recorded in AOCI prior to termination is reclassified into interest revenue or interest expense immediately. Otherwise, the derivative gain or loss in AOCI will continue to be reclassified into interest revenue or interest expense in the periods during which the previously hedged transactions affect earnings.
For the Company’s economic hedges, the gain or loss on the derivatives is recorded in earnings and provides an offset to the gains or losses recognized on the hedged items. The Company did not have any economic hedges during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Cash flows associated with derivative instruments are reflected as cash flows from operating activities in the statement of cash flows consistent with the treatment and nature of the items being hedged.
Fair values of assets and liabilities
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or the price paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurement accounting guidance describes the fair value hierarchy for disclosing assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on the inputs used to value them. The fair value hierarchy maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. Observable inputs are based on market pricing data obtained from third-party sources independent of the Company. A quoted price in an active market provides the most reliable evidence of fair value and is generally used to measure fair value whenever available.
Unobservable inputs reflect management’s judgment about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Where inputs used to measure fair value of an asset or liability are from different levels of the hierarchy, the asset or liability is categorized based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Assessing the significance of a particular input requires judgment. The fair value hierarchy includes three levels based on the objectivity of the inputs as follows:
•
Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets as of the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access.
•
Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the