consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. Model uses at Schwab include, but are not limited to, calculating capital requirements for hypothetical stressful environments, estimating interest and credit risk for loans and other balance sheet assets, identifying and preventing fraud and other financial crimes, and providing guidance in the management of client portfolios. Schwab manages model risk, including use of artificial intelligence, through use of policies, standards, and controls which evaluate the conceptual and technical soundness of models used by the Company. We maintain a model inventory that includes a distinct record and risk rating for each model, and we conduct independent validations, annual reviews, and performance monitoring of the Company’s models.
Compliance Risk
Schwab faces compliance risk which is the potential exposure to legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. Among other things, compliance risks relate to the suitability of client investments, consumer protection, conflicts of interest, disclosure obligations and performance expectations for products and services, supervision of employees, the retention of
- 45 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
required records, and the adequacy of our controls. The Company and its affiliates are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state, and foreign regulatory authorities, including SROs.
We manage compliance risk through policies, procedures, and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. These procedures address issues such as conduct and ethics, sales and trading practices, marketing and communications, extension of credit, client funds and securities, books and records, anti-money laundering, privacy, and employment policies.
Privacy risk is the risk of unauthorized collection, use, storage, or sharing of personal information, including data incidents and other mismanagement of personal information. We manage privacy risk through policies, procedures, and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with these laws and regulations.
Anti-money laundering/sanctions risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering (BSA/AML) and Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC)/global sanctions (collectively, “AML”) laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. Schwab manages this risk through daily monitoring, a system of internal controls, education and training for appropriate personnel, and developing