nonaccrual status, the accrued and unpaid interest receivable is reversed and the loan is accounted for on the cash or cost recovery method until qualifying for return to accrual status. Generally, a nonaccrual loan may be returned to accrual status when all delinquent interest and principal is repaid and the borrower demonstrates a sustained period of performance, or when the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection and collectability is no longer doubtful. Loans on nonaccrual status and other real estate owned are considered nonperforming assets.
Loan charge-offs
The Company charges off a loan in the period that it is deemed uncollectible and records a reduction in the allowance for credit losses and the loan balance. Our charge-off policy for First Mortgage and HELOC loans is to assess the value of the property when the loan has been delinquent for 180 days or has been discharged in bankruptcy proceedings, regardless of whether the property is in foreclosure, and charge off the amount of the loan balance in excess of the estimated current value of the underlying property less estimated costs to sell. The Company’s policy for PALs is to charge off any unsecured balances no later than at 90 days past due.
Equipment, office facilities, and property
Equipment, office facilities, and property are recorded at cost net of accumulated depreciation and amortization, except for land, which is recorded at cost. Equipment, office facilities, and property include certain capitalized costs of acquired or internally developed software. Costs for internally developed software are capitalized when the costs relate to development of approved projects for our internal needs that result in additional functionality. Costs related to preliminary project and post-project activities are expensed as incurred. Equipment, office facilities, and property (other than land) are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
Estimated useful lives are as follows:
(1)
Amortized over contractual term if shorter than the estimated useful life.
Equipment, office facilities, and property are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group related to such assets may not be recoverable. Impairment charges are recorded in other expenses.
Goodwill
Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually or whenever indications of impairment exist. Impairment exists when the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, resulting in an impairment charge for this excess, with the maximum charge limited to the carrying value of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Our annual impairment testing date is April 1
st
. Schwab can elect to qualitatively assess goodwill for impairment if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. A qualitative assessment considers macroeconomic and other