security to absorb credit losses on the underlying collateral; recent events specific to the issuer and the issuer’s industry; and whether all scheduled principal and interest payments have been received.
If management determines that the impairment of an AFS investment security (or a portion of the impairment) is related to credit losses, an allowance for credit losses is recorded for that security through a charge to earnings. The allowance for credit losses on AFS investment securities is measured as the difference between the amortized cost and the present value of expected cash flows and is limited to the difference between amortized cost and the fair value of the security. The Company estimates credit losses on a discounted cash flow basis using the security’s effective interest rate. If it is determined that the Company intends to sell the impaired security or if it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before any anticipated recovery of the amortized cost basis, any allowance for credit losses of that security will be written off and the amortized cost basis of the security will be written down to fair value with any incremental impairment recorded through earnings.
The Company separately evaluates its HTM investment securities for any expected credit losses. If HTM investment securities share risk characteristics, management evaluates those securities on a collective basis. An allowance for credit losses is recorded through a charge to earnings based on an estimate of current expected credit losses over the remaining expected lives of the HTM investment securities. Management reviews the allowance for credit losses quarterly, taking into consideration current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts, past events, and historical experience that affect the expected collectability of the reported amounts.
For the purposes of identifying and measuring impairment of AFS investment securities and for the purposes of estimating the allowance for credit losses on all investment securities, the Company excludes accrued interest from the amortized cost basis and when applicable, the fair value, of investment securities. Changes in the allowance for credit losses on investment securities are recorded through earnings in the period of the change.
For some of the AFS and HTM investment securities, the Company has an expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero based on a long history with no credit losses and considering current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This applies to a limited set of securities that are guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and sovereign entities of high credit quality. The expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero is continually reevaluated.
AFS and HTM investment securities are placed on nonaccrual status on a timely basis and any accrued interest receivable is reversed through interest