cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities, repayments on loans, securities lending of assets held in client brokerage accounts, FHLB borrowings, borrowings under repurchase agreements with external financial institutions, issuance of CDs, cash provided by securities issuances by CSC in the capital markets, and other facilities described below.
To meet daily funding needs, we maintain liquidity in the form of overnight cash deposits and short-term investments. For unanticipated liquidity needs, we also maintain a buffer of highly liquid investments, including U.S. Treasury securities. Our clients’ bank deposits and brokerage cash balances primarily originate from our 36.5 million active brokerage accounts. More than 80% of our bank deposits qualified for FDIC insurance as of December 31, 2024. Our clients’ allocation of cash held on our balance sheet as bank deposits or payables to brokerage clients is sensitive to interest rate levels, with clients typically increasing their utilization of investment cash solutions, such as purchased money market funds and certain fixed income products when those yields are higher than those of cash sweep features.
As a participant in the financial services industry, Schwab relies on access to external financing in the normal course of business. Schwab’s use of external debt facilities may arise from timing differences between cash flow requirements, such as client cash outflows, cash flows from operations, payments on interest-earning assets, movements of cash to meet regulatory brokerage client cash segregation requirements, and general corporate purposes. Rollover risk is the risk that we will not be able to refinance or payoff borrowings as they mature. We maintain policies and procedures necessary to access funding, and test
- 50 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
borrowing procedures on a periodic basis. We manage rollover risk on borrowings, taking into account expected principal paydowns on our investment and loan portfolios along with expected deposit flows.
The following table describes certain external debt facilities available at December 31, 2024:
(1)
Amounts shown as available from the FHLB and Federal Reserve facilities represent remaining capacity based on assets pledged as of December 31, 2024. Incremental borrowing capacity may be made available by pledging additional assets, subject to applicable facility terms. See below and Item 8 – Note 13 for additional information.
(2)
Secured borrowing capacity is made available based on the banking subsidiaries’ or CSC’s ability to provide collateral deemed acceptable by each respective counterparty. See below and Item 8 – Note 18 for additional information.
(3)
Secured borrowing capacity is made available based on CS&Co’s ability to provide acceptable collateral to the lenders as