Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain references to the non-GAAP financial measures described below. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information about the financial performance of the Company, and facilitate meaningful comparison of Schwab’s results in the current period to both historic and future results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies.
Schwab’s use of non-GAAP measures is reflective of certain adjustments made to GAAP financial measures as described below.
The Company also uses adjusted diluted EPS and return on tangible common equity as components of performance criteria for employee bonus and certain executive management incentive compensation arrangements. The Compensation Committee of CSC’s Board of Directors maintains discretion in evaluating performance against these criteria. Additionally, the Company uses adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio in managing capital, including its use of the measure as its long-term operating objective.
- 23 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
The following tables present reconciliations of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures:
(1)
There were no acquisition and integration-related costs for the three months ended March 31, 2025. Acquisition and integration-related costs for the three months ended March 31, 2024 primarily consist of $17 million of compensation and benefits and $17 million of professional services.
(2)
There were no restructuring costs for the three months ended March 31, 2025. Restructuring costs for the three months ended March 31, 2024 reflect a benefit due to a change in estimate of $31 million in compensation and benefits, partially offset by $2 million of occupancy and equipment expense and $1 million of other expense.
(1)
The income tax effects of the non-GAAP adjustments are determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of non-deductible acquisition costs and are used to present the acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and restructuring costs on an after-tax basis.
(1)
See table above for the reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to adjusted net income available to common stockholders (non-GAAP).
- 24 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
For discussion of the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Risk Management in Item 2.
- 25 -
Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1.  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income
(In Millions,