measures to manage such problems could adversely affect financial markets generally, could have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations, and have indirect adverse effects on us.
Concerns regarding the soundness or creditworthiness of other financial institutions can cause substantial disruption within the financial markets and have negative impacts for us and our industry, including reductions in availability of liquidity, higher borrowing costs, and higher costs of capital. Such concerns regarding one or more financial institutions may also advance public concerns regarding Schwab or the financial services industry more broadly, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, even if underlying matters impacting other financial institutions are of limited or no direct applicability to us. Financial institutions are interrelated through trading, clearing, or other relationships, and, as a result, concerns about the financial condition of one or more institutions could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses, or defaults by other institutions. This risk may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as broker-dealers, banks, clearing houses, securities exchanges, market makers, and others, with which we interact on a daily basis, and therefore, could adversely affect us.
Events affecting the financial services industry may also result in potentially adverse changes to laws or regulations governing banks and savings and loan holding companies or result in the imposition of restrictions through supervisory or enforcement activities, including higher capital or liquidity requirements or increased FDIC premiums and special assessments, which could have a material impact on our business. Following the failure of several U.S. banks in 2023, the U.S. federal banking agencies proposed rules that would significantly impact our regulatory capital requirements, including requiring us to include AOCI in regulatory capital, as well as rules that would require minimum levels of eligible long-term debt at CSC and our banking subsidiaries. As a result of heightened regulatory focus on capital requirements, the Company took measures to increase its capital, including revising its long-term operating objective. In addition, the cost of resolving the 2023 bank failures resulted in increased FDIC costs and may prompt the FDIC to further increase its premiums or to issue additional special assessments, which could have a material negative impact on our profitability and our business.
Liquidity Risk
A significant decrease in our liquidity could negatively affect our business as well as reduce client confidence in us.
Maintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to our business operations, including transaction settlement, custody requirements, and lending commitments, among other liquidity needs. We meet our liquidity needs primarily from working capital