or as Noted)
Financial Consultant Career Achievement Plan
The financial consultant career achievement plan is a noncontributory, unfunded, nonqualified plan for eligible financial consultants. A financial consultant is eligible for earned cash payments after retirement contingent upon meeting certain performance levels, tenure, age, and client transitioning requirements. Allocations to the plan are calculated annually based on performance levels achieved and eligible compensation, and are subject to general creditors of the Company. Among other conditions, full vesting occurs when a financial consultant reaches
60
years of age and has at least
ten years
of service with the Company.
The following table presents the changes in projected benefit obligation:
(1)
Includes service cost and interest cost, which are recognized in compensation and benefits expense and other expense, respectively, in the consolidated statements of income.
(2)
Actuarial (gain) loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income and is included in AOCI on the consolidated balance sheets. The portion, if any, beyond certain thresholds is subsequently amortized over the participants’ expected remaining service period into other expense on the consolidated statements of income.
(3)
This amount is recognized as a liability in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
23.
Taxes on Income
The components of taxes on income are as follows:
- 114 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
The temporary differences that created deferred tax assets and liabilities are detailed below:
(1)
Amounts are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the effective income tax rate is as follows:
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
Unrecognized tax benefits totaled $
373
million and $
380
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, $
314
million and $
315
million of which if recognized, would affect the annual effective tax rate.
Interest and penalties were accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had accrued approximately $
81
million and $
72
million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties.
The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to routine examinations by the respective federal, state, and applicable local jurisdictions’ taxing authorities. Federal returns for 2017 through 2023 remain subject to examination. The years open to examination by state and local governments vary by jurisdiction.
- 115 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as