also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses, market makers, dealers, and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. System failures and constraints and transaction errors at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices and cancelled orders, cause substantial losses for us and for our clients, and subject us to claims from our clients for damages, and cause reputational harm. We experienced in 2024 technology outages of client websites, mobile applications, and certain corporate technology as a result of technological issues with third-party service providers that we use to support websites and mobile applications used by us and our clients. An internal issue or issues with vendor or industry systems and connectivity could materially impact our operations and ability to service clients, subject us to material losses, and cause reputational harm.
Certain events could increase our client service and processing times due to staffing shortages, remote work or the temporary loss of services from outsourced service providers, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. We consider service quality to be an important part of the client experience and our failure to meet client expectations could result in decreased client satisfaction.
We take steps to prevent and detect fraud but the ways that fraudulent activity is attempted is continuously evolving. Although we monitor for new types of fraud, there may be a delay in recognizing the fraud is happening. Besides potential losses, shutting down fraudulent activity often requires a balance with client experience. Instances of fraud might negatively impact our reputation and client confidence in the Company, in addition to any direct losses that might result from such instances.
- 15 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Our investment management operations may subject us to fiduciary or other legal liability for client losses.
Fund and trust management and administration are complex activities and include functions such as recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, compliance with investment restrictions, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. Failure to properly perform operational tasks, or the misrepresentation of our services and products could subject us to regulatory sanctions, penalties, or litigation, and result in reputational damage, liability to clients, and the termination of investment management or administration agreements, and the withdrawal of assets under our management.
In the management and administration of funds and client accounts, we use quantitative models and other tools and resources to support investment decisions and processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. Errors in