an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing on the previous pages.
- 124 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures:
The management of the Company, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31, 2024. Based on this evaluation, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting
: No change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) was identified during the quarter ended December 31, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Item 8.
Item 9B.     Other Information
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, certain of our directors and officers adopted or
terminated
trading arrangements for the sale of shares of our common stock as follows:
(1)
Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of