broker-dealers. CSC itself is not a registered broker-dealer and it is not subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rule.
The Uniform Net Capital Rule prohibits broker-dealers from paying cash dividends, making unsecured advances or loans or repaying subordinated loans if such payment would result in a net capital amount of less than 5% of aggregate debit balances or
- 10 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
less than 120% of its minimum dollar requirement. See Part II – Item 8 – Note 24 for additional information regarding our net capital requirements.
In addition to net capital requirements, as a self-clearing broker-dealer, CS&Co is subject to cash deposit and collateral requirements with clearing houses, such as the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation and Options Clearing Corporation, which may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of clients’ trading activity and market volatility.
The structure and regulation of the securities markets have a significant impact on the Company’s business and operations, including its sources of net revenues. See Part II – Item 7 – Current Regulatory and Other Developments for proposed regulatory changes, including in regard to equity market structure.
As a result of our operations in countries outside the U.S., we are also subject to rules and regulations issued by certain foreign authorities, including the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom, the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, the Monetary Authority of Singapore in Singapore, and the Ministry of Finance in the People’s Republic of China.
Human Capital
We believe that hiring people who share our corporate purpose of helping clients achieve their financial goals is an essential element of executing our “Through Clients’ Eyes” strategy, and we seek to attract, retain, and motivate the talent Schwab needs to successfully serve our clients and grow our business. As of December 31, 2024, Schwab had full-time, part-time, and temporary employees, and persons employed on a contract basis, that represented the equivalent of approximately 32,100 full-time employees.
Schwab offers a compensation package that rewards both employee and company performance. The package encompasses an array of compensation components in addition to base pay including performance-based incentive pay, equity awards, recognition awards, and a range of health and wellness benefits. We also offer benefits and resources designed to help our employees achieve their financial goals, including a 401(k) plan, an employee stock purchase plan, financial planning consultations, and disability and life insurance options. In addition, Schwab offers programs to help with employee career growth including mentorship, development, and leadership programs as well as reimbursement for qualified business-related education and training. We also encourage and empower employees to volunteer in the communities where we live and work, offering paid time off