amortizing period.
The interest sensitivity of loans with contractual maturities in excess of one year is as follows:
Note:  Maturities in the above table are based upon the contractual terms of the loans. The maturities for HELOCs are based on 30-year loan terms, with an initial draw period of ten years, followed by a 20-year amortizing period.
F-4
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Supplemental Financial Data (Unaudited)
(Dollars in Millions)
4.    Allowance for Credit Losses on Bank Loans
The following table presents several credit ratios related to the Company’s bank loans portfolio. See Part II – Item 8 – Note 7 for the values underlying these ratios:
The following table presents information regarding average loans outstanding during the period and the ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) during the period to average loans outstanding:
The increase in the Company’s average loan portfolio in the periods presented has been driven by growth in First Mortgages and PALs, with a slight decrease in PALs in 2023. Growth in these loan types is due in large part to overall growth in Schwab’s client base and net new client assets during the periods presented. Although nonaccrual First Mortgages outstanding increased in 2024 compared to 2023, the ratios of the allowance for credit losses to year-end loans and nonaccrual loans decreased primarily due to the decrease in the allowance for credit losses resulting from a decrease in projected loss rates and improved credit quality metrics in the Company’s bank loans portfolio in recent years as discussed in Part II – Item 8 – Note 7.
The following table presents the allocation of the allowance for credit losses for bank loans and loans by category as a percentage of total bank loans:
F-5
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Supplemental Financial Data (Unaudited)
(Dollars in Millions)
5.    Bank Deposits
The following table presents the average amount of, and the average rate paid on, deposit categories that are in excess of ten percent of average total bank deposits:
(1)
Interest-bearing demand deposits did not exceed ten percent of average total bank deposits for the year ended December 31, 2024.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, uninsured bank deposits totaled approximately $32.7 billion and $34.5 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company’s bank deposits did not include any time deposits that were in excess of FDIC insurance limits or otherwise uninsured.
F-6