had exposure to non-sovereign financial and non-financial institutions in foreign countries, as well as agencies of foreign governments. At December 31, 2024, the fair value of these holdings totaled $10.6 billion, with the top three exposures being to issuers and counterparties domiciled in France at $5.1 billion, the United Kingdom at $2.1 billion, and Canada at $889 million. At December 31, 2023, the fair value of these holdings totaled $12.8 billion, with the top three exposures being to issuers and counterparties domiciled in the United Kingdom at $5.0 billion, France at $3.2 billion, and Canada at $1.5 billion. In addition, Schwab had outstanding margin loans to foreign residents of $3.5 billion and $2.5 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Schwab uses the market approach to determine the fair value of certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, and to determine fair value disclosures. See Item 8 – Notes 2 and 19 for more information on our assets and liabilities recorded at fair value.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
The consolidated financial statements of Schwab have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Item 8 – Note 2 contains more information on our significant accounting policies made in applying these accounting principles.
While the majority of the revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities are not based on estimates, there are certain accounting principles that require management to make estimates regarding matters that are uncertain and susceptible to change where such change may result in a material adverse impact on Schwab’s financial position and financial results. These critical accounting estimates are described below. Management regularly reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements for reasonableness and adequacy.
Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Additionally, management has reviewed with the Audit Committee the Company’s significant estimates discussed in this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
- 58 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Income Taxes
Schwab estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate, including federal, state, and local domestic jurisdictions, and immaterial amounts owed to several foreign jurisdictions. The estimated income tax expense is reported in the consolidated statements of income in taxes on income. Accrued taxes are reported in other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and represent the net estimated amount due to or to be received from taxing jurisdictions