CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Beginning in 2024, CSC had access to an unsecured committed revolving line of credit with various external banks. This line expired in January 2025 and was not renewed. Other than an overnight borrowing to test the availability, the facility was not used during 2024.
CS&Co maintains unsecured uncommitted bank credit lines with a group of banks as a source of short-term liquidity, which can also be accessed by CSC. CS&Co also maintains secured uncommitted lines of credit, under which CS&Co may borrow on a short-term basis and pledge either client margin securities or firm securities as collateral, based on the terms of the agreements. CS&Co is also able to lend eligible securities held in client brokerage accounts in exchange for cash collateral as a source of short-term liquidity. As of December 31, 2024, liabilities for securities loaned totaled $13.1 billion and are included in payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations on the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2024, $8.8 billion of securities loaned had overnight and continuous remaining contractual maturities; $4.3 billion of securities loaned had contractual maturities of 35-95 days and had a weighted-average interest rate of 4.62%. See Item 8 – Note 18 for additional information on securities lending activities.
CSB issues brokered CDs as a supplemental funding source. The following table provides information about brokered CDs issued by CSB and outstanding as of December 31, 2024:
Cash Flow Activity
As a result of rapidly increasing short-term interest rates beginning in 2022, the Company saw an increase in the pace at which clients moved certain cash balances out of our sweep features and into higher-yielding investment cash alternatives at Schwab. As a result of these outflows, our banking subsidiaries have supplemented excess cash on hand and cash generated by maturities and paydowns on our investment securities portfolios with fixed- and floating-rate FHLB advances, repurchase agreements, and issuances of brokered CDs. The average pace of client cash allocations out of sweep products into higher-yielding investment solutions decreased significantly beginning in the second half of 2023, and continued to decrease through 2024.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company saw an increase in client sweep cash, which, along with principal and interest on the AFS and HTM investment securities portfolio, supported the Company’s net reduction of $14.9 billion of aggregate bank supplemental funding. Bank deposits increased $12.7 billion during the fourth quarter of 2024, which reflected a $17.7 billion increase in deposits swept from brokerage accounts, partially offset by a net decrease of $6.4 billion in brokered CDs.
The Company’s cash and cash equivalents decreased $1.3 billion from year-end 2023 to $42.1 billion at