a non-GAAP financial measure that includes AOCI in the ratio. The primary component of AOCI for Schwab is unrealized gains and losses on our AFS investment securities portfolio and on securities transferred from AFS to the HTM category.
The Company maintains a long-term operating objective for its consolidated adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of 6.75% - 7.00%. As of March 31, 2025, our adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio, which includes AOCI in the ratio, was 7.1% for CSC (consolidated) and 8.2% for CSB (see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to GAAP reported results). The Company is continuing to accrete capital organically, and will continue to manage its capital as described above and in Part II – Item 7 – Capital Management of the 2024 Form 10-K. In evaluating returns of excess capital to stockholders, we will consider the amount of bank supplemental funding outstanding, and may choose to utilize the liquidity we would otherwise use for capital returns to repay outstanding bank supplemental funding balances.
IDA Agreement
Certain brokerage client deposits are swept off-balance sheet to the TD Depository Institutions pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement. During the first three months of 2025, Schwab did not move IDA balances to its balance sheet. The Company’s overall capital management strategy includes supporting migration of IDA balances in future periods as available pursuant to the terms of the 2023 IDA agreement. The Company’s ability to migrate these balances to its balance sheet is dependent upon multiple factors including having sufficient capital levels to sustain these incremental deposits. See Item 1 – Note 10 for further information on the 2023 IDA agreement.
- 21 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Dividends
On January 29, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a two cent, or 8%, increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $.27 per common share.
Cash dividends paid and per share amounts for the first three months of 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
(1)
The Company had no nonvoting common stock outstanding as of the record date for the Company’s first quarter 2025 dividend and accordingly, no dividends were paid on nonvoting common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
(2)
Dividends paid quarterly.
(3)
Dividends paid semi-annually until December 1, 2027 and quarterly thereafter.
Share Repurchases
On February 12, 2025, TD Group US Holdings LLC, an affiliate of TD Bank, completed a secondary public offering of the Company’s common shares through which TD Group US Holdings LLC sold 133.8 million shares of the Company’s common stock and 31.7 million shares of the Company’s nonvoting common stock, which automatically converted into common stock, for an aggregate amount of $13.1 billion. The Company did not receive any of the