balance sheet is dependent on multiple factors including having sufficient capital levels to sustain these incremental deposits and certain binding limitations specified in the 2023 IDA agreement. During 2024, Schwab did
not
move IDA balances to its balance sheet.
The 2023 IDA agreement extends the agreement term to sweep balances to the TD Depository Institutions through July 1, 2034, and requires that Schwab maintain minimum and maximum IDA balances as follows:
•
Through September 10, 2025, Schwab must maintain minimum balances above the total of then-outstanding unmatured fixed-rate obligation amounts, with a maximum of $
30
billion above this total amount. During this period, withdrawals
- 97 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
of IDA balances by Schwab are generally permitted only to the extent of withdrawals initiated by Schwab customers, with limited exceptions, except to the extent necessary for Schwab to maintain balances below the applicable maximum.
•
After September 10, 2025, withdrawals of IDA balances are permitted at Schwab’s discretion, subject to an obligation to maintain IDA balances above a minimum of $
60
billion, with a maximum of $
90
billion.
Designation of deposit balances for investment in fixed- or floating-rate instruments under the 2023 IDA agreement is at Schwab’s sole discretion with certain limitations on the amount of fixed-rate obligation amounts. If IDA balances decline below the required IDA balance minimum as described above, Schwab would be required to make a nonperformance payment to the TD Depository Institutions pursuant to the terms of the 2023 IDA agreement.
Pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement, in 2023, Schwab opted to buy down $
5.0
billion of fixed-rate obligation amounts, incurring market-based fees of $
249
million, which were capitalized as contract assets and included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. For additional information on these contract assets, see Note 10.
As of December 31, 2024, the total ending IDA balance was $
87.6
billion, of which $
66.6
billion was fixed-rate obligation amounts and $
21.0
billion was floating-rate obligation amounts. As of December 31, 2023, the total ending IDA balance was $
97.5
billion, of which $
83.7
billion was fixed-rate obligation amounts and $
13.8
billion was floating-rate obligation amounts.
Legal contingencies:
Schwab is subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, some of which include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. The Company is also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.
Predicting the outcome of a litigation or regulatory matter is inherently difficult, requiring significant judgment and evaluation of various factors, including the