organizations and state member banks with total consolidated assets over $250 billion are required to disclose the results of company-run stress tests in even-numbered years. In the most recent cycle in 2024, CSC and CSB conducted company-run stress tests, reported the results of their stress testing to the Federal Reserve, and published a summary of their stress test results.
Pursuant to the Federal Reserve’s requirements, Category III savings and loan holding companies are also subject to an annual supervisory stress testing requirement in which the Federal Reserve conducts its own stress testing analysis to evaluate the ability of a holding company to absorb losses in specified economic and financial conditions over a nine-quarter planning horizon using such analytical techniques as the agency determines are appropriate. This supervisory stress testing requirement went into effect for CSC beginning with the 2022 stress testing cycle.
Pursuant to the Federal Reserve’s requirements, savings and loan holding companies with total consolidated assets of $100 billion or more, including CSC, are subject to an annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) process, which requires submission of an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve. These requirements also impose a stress capital buffer requirement, floored at 2.5 percent of risk-weighted assets. In June 2024, the Company received the results of the Federal Reserve’s 2024 CCAR. These results included the Federal Reserve’s estimate of CSC’s minimum capital ratios under the supervisory severely adverse scenario for the nine-quarter horizon beginning December 31, 2023 and ending March 31, 2026. Based on these results, CSC’s calculated stress capital buffer remains below the 2.5% minimum, resulting in a stress capital buffer at the 2.5% floor. This 2.5% stress capital buffer became applicable on October 1, 2024. See Part II – Item 8 – Note 24 for additional information regarding our capital requirements.
Additional Enhanced Prudential Standards
In addition to the capital stress testing regime discussed above, the Federal Reserve’s enhanced prudential standards rules also extend the applicability of certain additional enhanced prudential standards to large savings and loan holding companies, with the specific requirements tailored based on the same four-category framework utilized in the interagency regulatory capital and liquidity rules. These additional enhanced prudential standards, applicable to large U.S. bank holding companies under section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), include: risk management and risk committee requirements; liquidity risk management, liquidity stress testing, and liquidity buffer requirements; and single
- 8 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
counterparty credit limits. CSC is required to comply with these risk management and risk committee requirements, the liquidity risk-management, stress testing, and buffer