brokerage and asset management services provided to managed investing solutions clients. Both mutual fund and ETF service fees and managed investing solutions fees are earned and recognized over time. Fees are generally based on a percentage of the daily value of assets under management and are collected on a monthly or quarterly basis.
Trading revenue
Trading revenue is primarily generated through commissions earned for executing trades for clients in individual equities, options, fixed income securities, and certain third-party mutual funds and ETFs, as well as order flow revenue. Commissions revenue is earned when the trades are executed and collected when the trades are settled. Order flow revenue is comprised of payments received from trade execution venues to which our broker-dealer subsidiary sends equity and option orders. Order flow revenue is recognized when the trades are executed and is collected on a monthly or quarterly basis.
Bank deposit account fees
Bank deposit account fees consist of revenues resulting from sweep programs offered to certain clients whereby uninvested client cash is swept off-balance sheet to FDIC-insured (up to specified limits) accounts at the TD Depository Institutions. The Company provides marketing, recordkeeping, and support services related to these sweep programs to the TD Depository Institutions in exchange for bank deposit account fees. These revenues are based on floating and fixed yields as elected by the Company subject to certain requirements, less interest paid to clients and other applicable fees. Bank deposit account fees are earned and recognized over time and collected on a monthly basis.
Other revenue
Other revenue includes industry fees (formerly referred to as exchange processing fees), service fees, the provision for credit losses on bank loans, and other gains and losses from the sale of assets. Generally, the most significant portion of other revenue is industry fees, which are comprised of fees the Company’s broker-dealer subsidiary charges clients to offset the fees imposed on us by third parties. Industry fees are earned and collected when the trade is executed and are recognized gross of amounts remitted to the third parties, which are included in other expenses.
Unsatisfied performance obligations
We do not have any unsatisfied performance obligations other than those that are subject to an elective practical expedient under ASC 606. The practical expedient applies to and is elected for contracts where we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed.
- 71 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
Cash and cash equivalents
Schwab considers all highly liquid investments that mature in three months or less from the time of acquisition and that are not segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes to be cash