the Company completed a secondary public offering of common shares through which TD Group US Holdings LLC, an affiliate of TD Bank, sold
133.8
million shares of the Company’s common stock and
31.7
million shares of the Company’s nonvoting common stock, which automatically converted into common stock, at $
79.25
per share, for an aggregate amount of $
13.1
billion. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from this sale.
Subsequent to the completion of the secondary offering, and pursuant to a repurchase agreement dated February 9, 2025, the Company repurchased directly from TD Group US Holdings LLC the remaining
19.2
million shares of nonvoting common stock at a price of $
77.982
per share for an aggregate repurchase amount of $
1.5
billion. This repurchase closed on February 12, 2025, and shares of nonvoting common stock automatically converted into common stock and are now held in treasury stock, reducing the number of shares outstanding. These shares were purchased under CSC’s share repurchase authorization, which, following the repurchase, has approximately $
7.2
billion remaining.
Through the completion of the secondary offering and the Company’s repurchase of nonvoting common stock, TD Bank disposed of all of its common shares of CSC. As a result, and pursuant to the terms of the Company’s stockholder agreement with TD Bank (the TD Bank Stockholder Agreement) dated as of November 24, 2019, TD Bank is no longer entitled to designate members of the Board of Directors of the Company. Accordingly, as of February 12, 2025, Brian M. Levitt and Bharat B. Masrani resigned from the Company’s Board of Directors. Finally, the TD Bank Stockholder Agreement terminated in accordance with its terms.
- 121 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of The Charles Schwab Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Charles Schwab Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’
equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting