116 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
Based on its regulatory capital ratios at December 31, 2024 and 2023, CSB is considered well capitalized (the highest category) under its respective regulatory capital rules. There are no conditions or events since December 31, 2024 that management believes have changed CSB’s capital category.
CSC’s other banking subsidiaries are CSPB and Trust Bank. CSPB is a Texas-chartered state savings bank that provides banking and custody services, and Trust Bank is a Nevada state-chartered savings bank that provides trust and custody services. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the balance sheets of CSPB and Trust Bank consisted primarily of investment securities. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, CSPB held total assets of $
26.5
billion and $
27.7
billion, respectively, and Trust Bank held total assets of $
10.1
billion and $
10.2
billion, respectively. Based on their regulatory capital ratios at December 31, 2024 and 2023, CSPB and Trust Bank are considered well capitalized under their respective regulatory capital rules.
As a securities broker-dealer, CS&Co is subject to the SEC’s Uniform Net Capital Rule. CS&Co computes net capital under the alternative method permitted by the Uniform Net Capital Rule, which requires the maintenance of minimum net capital, as defined, of the greater of 2% of aggregate debit balances arising from client transactions or a minimum dollar requirement, which is based on the type of business conducted by the broker-dealer. Under the alternative method, a broker-dealer may not repay subordinated borrowings, pay cash dividends, or make any unsecured advances or loans if such payment would result in a net capital amount of less than 5% of aggregate debit balances or less than 120% of its minimum dollar requirement.
Net capital and net capital requirements for CS&Co are as follows:
Pursuant to the SEC’s Customer Protection Rule and other applicable regulations, Schwab had cash and investments segregated for the exclusive benefit of clients at December 31, 2024. The SEC’s Customer Protection Rule requires broker-dealers to segregate client fully-paid securities and cash balances not collateralizing margin positions and not swept to money market funds or bank deposit accounts. Amounts included in cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes represent actual balances on deposit, whereas cash and investments required to be segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes at December 31, 2024 for CS&Co totaled $
38.2
billion. As of January 3, 2025, CS&Co had deposited $
1.8
billion of cash into its segregated reserve accounts. Cash and investments required to be segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes at December 31, 2023 for CS&Co totaled $
24.1
billion. Cash and cash equivalents included in cash and investments segregated and on