may require divestiture of all of the FHC’s depository institution subsidiaries or, alternatively, the FHC may elect to cease all of its FHC Activities. In addition, if any depository institution controlled by an FHC fails to maintain at least a “Satisfactory” rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (CRA), the FHC and its subsidiaries are prohibited from
- 6 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
engaging in additional FHC Activities.
As a result of our election to be treated as an FHC and the election of our
depository institution subsidiaries
to be deemed savings associations under the Home Owners’ Loan Act, a statutory prohibition limits those subsidiaries from making loans or other extensions of credit to any affiliate unless that affiliate engages, directly or indirectly, only in activities permissible under section 4(c) of the Bank Holding Company Act.
CSC’s three depository institution subsidiaries are CSB, CSC’s principal depository institution subsidiary, Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB (CSPB), and Trust Bank. CSB and CSPB are Texas-chartered state savings banks headquartered in Westlake, Texas, and Trust Bank is a Nevada state-chartered savings bank with its main office located in Westlake, Texas. CSB and CSPB are currently regulated, supervised, and examined by the Federal Reserve, the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending (TDSML), the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Trust Bank is currently regulated, supervised, and examined by the Federal Reserve, the Nevada Financial Institutions Division, the CFPB, and the FDIC. CSC, CSB, CSPB, and Trust Bank are also subject to regulation and various requirements and restrictions under state and other federal laws.
This regulatory framework is designed to protect depositors and consumers, the safety and soundness of depository institutions and their holding companies, and the stability of the banking system as a whole. This framework affects the activities and investments of CSC and its subsidiaries and gives the regulatory authorities broad discretion in connection with their supervisory, examination and enforcement activities and policies. Below is a discussion of significant regulations.
Regulatory Capital and Liquidity Framework
Banking organizations are subject to the regulatory capital rules issued by the Federal Reserve and other U.S. banking regulators, including the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC. In addition to minimum risk-based capital requirements, banking organizations must hold additional capital, referred to as buffers, to avoid being subject to limits on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers.
The banking regulators have established four risk-based categories for determining the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to large U.S. banking organizations with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets based on