Retirement Business Services business unit was transferred from the Advisor Services segment to the Investor Services segment. Related goodwill amounts were transferred from the Advisor Services segment to the Investor Services segment.
We performed an assessment of each of the Company’s reporting units as of our annual testing date. Based on this analysis, we concluded that goodwill was not impaired. There were no indicators that goodwill was impaired after our annual testing date. Schwab did
not
recognize any goodwill impairment in any of the years presented.
- 90 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
Acquired intangible assets are detailed below:
Estimated future annual amortization expense for acquired intangible assets as of December 31, 2024 is as follows:
Note: The above schedule excludes indefinite-lived intangible assets of $
91
million.
10.
Other Assets
The components of other assets are as follows:
(1)
Includes LIHTC investments and certain other CRA-related investments (see Note 11). This item also includes investments in FHLB stock of $
703
million and $
1.1
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are required to be held as a condition of borrowing with the FHLB (see Note 13) and can only be sold to the issuer at its par value. Any cash dividends received from investments in FHLB stock are recognized as interest revenue in the consolidated statements of income. Other investments also includes investments in Federal Reserve stock of $
657
million and $
468
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively; these holdings are a condition of CSB, CSPB, and Trust Bank’s membership with the Federal Reserve.
(2)
Includes fractional shares held in client brokerage accounts. Corresponding repurchase liabilities in an equal amount for these client-held fractional shares are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. See also Notes 2 and 19.
(3)
Represents receivables from contracts with customers within the scope of ASC 606.
Capitalized contract costs
Capitalized contract costs relate to incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, including sales commissions paid to employees for obtaining contracts with clients, and are presented in the table above. These costs are amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over a period that is consistent with how the related revenue is recognized. Amortization expense related to capitalized contract costs was $
97
million, $
85
million, and $
77
million during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, which was recorded in compensation and benefits expense on the consolidated statements of income.
Contract assets
Contract assets relate to
the buy down of fixed-rate obligation amounts pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement, and are presented in the table above. These assets