executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐    No
☒
As of June 30, 2024, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $
122.8
billion. For purposes of this information, the outstanding shares of Common Stock owned by directors and executive officers of the registrant were deemed to be shares of the voting stock held by affiliates.
As of February 12, 2025,
1,813,567,665
shares of $.01 par value Common Stock were outstanding.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates certain information contained in the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders, to be held May 22, 2025, by reference to that document.
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Annual Report On Form 10-K
For Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2024
TABLE OF CONTENTS
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
PART I
Item 1.     Business
General Corporate Overview
The Charles Schwab Corporation (CSC) is a savings and loan holding company. CSC engages, through its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as Schwab or the Company), in wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, asset management, custody, and financial advisory services. At December 31, 2024, Schwab had $10.10 trillion in client assets, 36.5 million active brokerage accounts, 5.4 million workplace plan participant accounts, and 2.0 million banking accounts.
Principal business subsidiaries of CSC include the following:
•
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (CS&Co), incorporated in 1971, a securities broker-dealer;
•
Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (CSB), our principal banking entity; and
•
Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. (CSIM), the investment advisor for Schwab’s proprietary mutual funds (Schwab Funds
®
) and for Schwab’s exchange-traded funds (Schwab ETFs).
In May 2024, the Company completed the final client account conversions to CS&Co from the Ameritrade broker-dealers, TD Ameritrade, Inc. and TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. (TDAC). Accordingly, these entities are no longer principal business subsidiaries. See Business Acquisition below for additional information regarding the integration.
Unless otherwise indicated, the terms “Schwab,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” mean CSC together with its consolidated subsidiaries.
Schwab provides financial services to individuals and institutional clients through two segments – Investor Services and Advisor Services. The Investor Services segment provides retail brokerage, investment advisory, and banking and trust services to individual investors, and retirement plan and business services, as well as other corporate brokerage services, to businesses and their employees. The Advisor Services segment provides custodial, trading, banking and trust, and support services to independent registered investment advisors (RIAs), independent