deposit for regulatory purposes are presented as part of Schwab’s cash balances in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
Following the completion of the final client account conversions to CS&Co from the Ameritrade broker-dealers in May 2024, TD Ameritrade, Inc. and TDAC subsequently submitted Uniform Requests for Broker-Dealer Withdrawal (BDW) to terminate their registration as broker-dealers with the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA), and other applicable regulatory organizations. As of December 31, 2024, TD Ameritrade, Inc. and TDAC were no longer registered as broker-dealers with the SEC and FINRA and were not subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rule.
25.
Segment Information
Schwab’s
two
reportable segments are Investor Services and Advisor Services. Schwab structures the operating segments according to its clients and the services provided to those clients. The Investor Services segment provides retail brokerage, investment advisory, and banking and trust services to individual investors, retirement plan and business services, as well as other corporate brokerage services, to businesses and their employees. The Advisor Services segment provides custodial, trading, banking and trust, and support services to independent RIAs, independent retirement advisors, and recordkeepers. Revenues and expenses are attributed to the
two
segments based on which segment services the client. Schwab’s chief operating decision makers (CODMs) are the President and Chief Executive Officer, and the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer.
The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 2. For the computation of its segment information, Schwab utilizes an activity-based costing model to allocate traditional income statement line item expenses (e.g., compensation and benefits, depreciation and amortization, and professional services) to the business activities driving segment expenses (e.g., client service, opening new accounts, or business development) and a funds transfer pricing methodology to allocate certain revenues.
- 117 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
The CODMs evaluate the performance of the segments on a pre-tax basis and use income before taxes on income to allocate resources, including employees and capital, to the segments during the annual budgeting process. The CODMs consider budget-to-actual variances on a monthly basis when making decisions about allocating resources to the segments throughout the year. Segment assets and liabilities are not used for evaluating segment performance or in deciding how to allocate resources to segments. There are
no
revenues from transactions between the segments.
Financial information for the segments is presented in the following table
(1)
:
(1)
In connection with certain changes in Schwab’s organizational