Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
Financial information for the segments is presented in the following table
(1)
:
(1)
In connection with certain changes in Schwab’s organizational management structure, in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Retirement Business Services business unit was transferred from the Advisor Services segment to the Investor Services segment. Accordingly, amounts related to the Retirement Business Services business unit are included within Investor Services for the first quarter of 2025, and prior-year amounts have been recast to reflect this new basis of segmentation.
Item 4.     Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
: The management of the Company, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of March 31, 2025. Based on this evaluation, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting
: No change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) was identified during the quarter ended March 31, 2025, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
PART  II  -  OTHER  INFORMATION
Item 1.     Legal Proceedings
For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Part I – Item 1 – Note 10.
Item 1A.     Risk Factors
During the first three months of 2025, there have been no material changes to the risk factors in Part I – Item 1A – Risk Factors in the 2024 Form 10-K.
- 61 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
On July 27, 2022, CSC publicly announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $15.0 billion of common stock. The authorization does not have an expiration date. See also Part I – Item 1 – Note 14.
The following table summarizes purchases made by or on behalf of CSC of its common stock for each calendar month in the first quarter of 2025 (in millions, except number of shares, which are in thousands, and per share amounts):
(1)
Includes restricted shares withheld (under the terms of grants under employee stock incentive plans) to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of restricted shares. CSC may receive shares delivered or attested to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations by employees who exercise stock options granted under employee stock incentive plans, which are commonly referred to as stock swap exercises.
N/A Not applicable.
Item 3.