clearing fees and other service fees.
(4)
Includes miscellaneous service and transaction fees relating to mutual funds and ETFs that are not balance-based.
- 36 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Asset management and administration fees increased by $960 million, or 20%, in 2024 from 2023, primarily as a
result of higher balances in Schwab money market funds as clients shifted their cash allocations to higher-yielding investment solutions. The increase in asset management and administration fees in 2024 was also due to growth in balances in fee-based managed investing solutions and Mutual Fund OneSource
®
, as a result of strong equity markets and, for managed investing solutions, net inflows of client assets.
Asset management and administration fees increased by $540 million, or 13%, in 2023 from 2022, primarily as a
result of higher balances in Schwab money market funds and the elimination of fee waivers on those funds
as well as higher average client asset balances due to stronger equity markets. Money market fund balances increased in 2023 as clients shifted their cash allocations to higher-yielding investment solutions, and money market fund fee waivers were eliminated during 2022, both due primarily to the Federal Reserve’s increases to the federal funds target overnight rate. The increases in asset management and administration fees in 2023 were also due to growth in Schwab equity and bond funds, ETFs, and CTFs, partially offset by lower balances of certain third-party mutual funds and ETFs.
The following table presents a roll forward of client assets for the Schwab money market funds, Schwab equity and bond funds, ETFs, and CTFs, and Mutual Fund OneSource and other NTF funds. The following funds generated 49%, 44%, and 33% of the asset management and administration fees earned during 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively:
(1)
Includes $39.8 billion and $77.7 billion of transfers from other third-party mutual funds and ETFs to Mutual Fund OneSource
®
and Other NTF Funds in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Trading Revenue
Trading revenue includes commissions, order flow revenue, and principal transactions revenue. Commission revenue is affected by volume and mix of trades executed. Order flow revenue is comprised of payments received from trade execution venues to which our broker-dealer subsidiary sends equity and option orders. Order flow revenue is affected by volume and mix of client trades, as well as pricing received from trade execution venues. Principal transactions revenue is recognized primarily as a result of accommodating clients’ fixed income trading activity, and includes adjustments to the fair value of securities positions held to facilitate such client trading activity. Principal transactions revenue also includes unrealized gains and losses on cash and investments segregated for regulatory