secondary offering and the Company’s repurchase of nonvoting common stock, TD Bank disposed of all of its common shares of CSC. See Item 8 – Note 28 for additional information.
- 31 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
CURRENT REGULATORY AND OTHER DEVELOPMENTS
In September 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to Rules 610 and 612 of Regulation National Market System (NMS) to (i) establish an additional minimum price increment, or “tick size,” for the quoting and trading of certain NMS stocks, (ii) reduce the exchange access fee caps, and (iii) require transparency of odd-lots. In March 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 605 of Regulation NMS requiring enhanced disclosures of order execution quality for large broker-dealers that handle retail orders. We do not expect the new rules to have a material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, or results of operations. The following two related equity market structure rule proposals released in December 2022 by the SEC remain pending:
•
The “Order Competition Rule” would require that, before most individual investors’ orders could be executed internally by a trading center (like wholesaler market makers), those orders must first be exposed to a qualifying order-by-order auction in which both market makers and institutional investors can participate.
•
“Regulation Best Execution” would establish an SEC-level best execution standard (in addition to the existing FINRA and MSRB best execution rules) for broker-dealers and require them to establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures addressing how the broker-dealer will comply with the best execution standard and make routing or execution decisions for customer orders. Regulation Best Execution would apply not only to equities, but to all securities.
The comment periods for the proposed rules ended on March 31, 2023. While the impacts to Schwab of the proposed rules cannot be fully assessed until final rules are released, as proposed, the rules would have a significant impact to numerous aspects of critical equity market structure and the execution of orders for retail investors. Among other impacts, the proposed rules would likely result in increased transaction costs for retail investors which could affect client investment and trading decisions, and would require substantial operational changes for financial intermediaries including the Company.
In July 2024, the FDIC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to amend the brokered deposits framework effective since 2021 (2021 framework) setting forth its conditions for when broker-dealers such as CS&Co that place deposits with depository institutions through brokerage sweep arrangements qualify for the primary purpose exception (PPE) from the definition of a deposit broker, and from attendant restrictions for brokered deposits, under