annual stress testing, the advanced approaches framework, and the inability to opt out of including AOCI in regulatory capital calculations. At December 31, 2024, CSC had approximately $480 billion in total assets and cross-jurisdictional activity of approximately $27 billion. See also Part II – Item 7 – Current Regulatory and Other Developments for discussion of regulatory proposals that could, among other things, require the Company to include AOCI in its regulatory capital calculations.
We are subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings and may not be successful in defending against claims or proceedings.
The financial services industry faces significant litigation and regulatory risks. We are subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, some of which include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. We are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.
- 18 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Litigation and arbitration claims include those brought by our clients and the clients of third-party advisors whose assets are custodied with us. Claims from clients of third-party advisors may allege losses due to investment decisions made by the third-party advisors or the advisors’ misconduct. Litigation claims also include claims from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights (e.g., patents). Such litigation can require the expenditure of significant company resources. If we were found to have infringed on a third-party patent, or other intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial damages, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from using certain technology, or providing certain products or services.
Actions brought against us may result in settlements, awards, injunctions, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, including reputational harm. Even if we are successful in defending against these actions, the defense of such matters may result in us incurring significant expenses. We may also determine that it is in the Company’s best interests to settle a matter, such as to avoid protracted litigation, even though the Company may have strong defenses. A substantial judgment, settlement, fine, or penalty could be material to our operating results or cash flows for a particular future period, depending on our results for that period. In market downturns and periods of heightened volatility, the volume of legal claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services companies have historically increased.
Other Business Risks
Potential strategic transactions could have a negative impact on our financial position.
We evaluate potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, acquisitions, and dispositions. Any such transaction could have a material impact on our