we determine classification as either an operating lease or finance lease, and the ROU asset and lease liability are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The lease liability may include payments that depend on a rate or index (such as the Consumer Price Index), measured using the rate or index at the commencement date. Payments that vary because of changes in facts or circumstances occurring after the commencement date are considered variable. These payments are not recognized as part of the lease liability and are expensed in the period incurred. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The amortization of finance lease ROU assets and the interest expense on finance lease liabilities are recognized over the lease term as depreciation and interest expense, respectively. The Company’s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. For the majority of our leases (real estate leases), the Company has elected the practical expedient to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. We have not elected the practical expedient for equipment leases and account for lease and non-lease components separately for that class of leases.
As the rates implicit in our leases are not readily determinable, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Our lease terms may include periods covered by options to extend when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise those options. The lease terms may also include periods covered by options to terminate when it is reasonably certain that we will not exercise that option.
The ROU assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group related to such assets may not be recoverable. Impairment charges are recorded in other expense. In certain situations, the Company may also abandon a lease prior to the end of its lease term. Once the Company has committed to a plan to abandon the lease, the amortization period of the ROU asset is shortened to the abandonment date.
- 76 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
Advertising and market development
Advertising and market development activities include the cost to produce and distribute marketing campaigns as well as client incentives and discounts. Where it applies to these costs, the Company’s accounting policy is to expense when incurred.
Income taxes
Schwab provides for income taxes on all transactions that have been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, deferred tax assets are adjusted to reflect the