statements of cash flows.
Aggregate assets, liabilities, and maximum exposure to loss
The aggregate assets, liabilities, and maximum exposure to loss from those VIEs in which Schwab holds a variable interest, but is not the primary beneficiary, are summarized in the table below:
(1)
Aggregate assets and aggregate liabilities are included in other assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively, on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
(2)
Other investments include non-LIHTC CRA investments that are accounted for as loans at amortized cost, equity method investments, AFS securities, or using the adjusted cost method. Aggregate assets are included in AFS securities, bank loans – net, or other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Schwab’s maximum exposure to loss would result from the loss of the investments, including any committed amounts. Schwab’s funding of these remaining commitments is dependent upon the occurrence of certain conditions, and Schwab expects to pay substantially all of these commitments between 2025 and 2028. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and year ended December 31, 2024, Schwab did not provide or intend to provide financial or other support to the VIEs that it was not contractually required to provide.
- 42 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
8.
Bank Deposits
Bank deposits consist of interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits as follows:
(1)
Time certificates of deposit consist of brokered CDs. The weighted-average interest rates on outstanding time certificates of deposit at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were
4.82
% and
4.90
%, respectively. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, there were
no
time deposits that were in excess of FDIC insurance limits or otherwise uninsured.
Time certificates of deposit outstanding at March 31, 2025 mature between April 2025 and November 2025.
9.
Borrowings
CSC Senior Notes
CSC’s Senior Notes are unsecured obligations. CSC may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes of each series prior to their maturity, subject to certain restrictions, and the payment of an applicable make-whole premium in certain instances. Interest is payable semi-annually for the fixed-rate Senior Notes and quarterly for the floating-rate Senior Notes. Interest for the fixed-to-floating rate Senior Notes is payable semi-annually during the fixed-rate period of the notes and quarterly during the floating-rate period of the notes.
Ameritrade Holding Senior Notes
Ameritrade Holding’s Senior Notes are unsecured obligations. Ameritrade Holding may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes of each series prior to their maturity, subject to certain restrictions, and the payment of an applicable make-whole premium in certain instances. Interest is payable semi-annually for the fixed-rate Senior Notes.
- 43 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB