similar “to-be-issued” securities. We compare the prices obtained from the primary independent pricing service to the prices obtained from the additional independent pricing services to determine if the price obtained from the primary independent pricing service is reasonable. Schwab does not adjust the prices received from independent third-party pricing services unless such prices are inconsistent with the definition of fair value and result in material differences in the amounts recorded.
Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include interest rate swaps, securities sold but not yet purchased, and repurchase liabilities related to client-held fractional shares of equities, ETFs, and other securities, which are included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The fair values of securities sold but not yet purchased are based on quoted market prices or other observable market data. The Company has elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825
Financial Instruments
for the repurchase liabilities to match the measurement and accounting of the related client-held fractional shares. The fair values of the repurchase liabilities are based on quoted market prices or other observable market data consistent with the related client-held fractional shares. Unrealized gains and losses on client-held fractional shares offset the unrealized gains and losses on the corresponding repurchase liabilities, resulting in no impact to the condensed consolidated statements of income. The Company’s liabilities to repurchase client-held fractional shares do not have credit risk, and, as a result, the Company has not recognized any gains or losses in the condensed consolidated statements of income or comprehensive income attributable to instrument-specific credit risk for these repurchase liabilities. The repurchase liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
The fair values of interest rate swaps are based on market observable interest rate yield curves. Fair value measurements are priced considering the coupon rate of the fixed leg of the contract and the variable coupon rate on the floating leg of the
- 51 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
contract. Valuation is based on both spot and forward rates on the swap yield curve. See Note 11 for additional information on the Company’s interest rate swaps.
For a description of the fair value hierarchy and Schwab’s fair value methodologies, see Item 8 – Note 2 in the 2024 Form 10-K. The Company did not adjust prices received from the primary independent third-party pricing service at March 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024.
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
The following tables present the fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at