Section 29 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Under the 2021 framework, a broker-dealer qualifies for the PPE if less than 25 percent of its customer assets under administration for a particular business line are placed at depository institutions. Among other changes, the FDIC is proposing a new framework that would revert back to the 10 percent threshold it applied to broker-dealers prior to 2021. The proposed new framework, certain alternatives, and other amendments described in the notice were subject to a public comment period that ended on November 21, 2024. The impacts to Schwab from any ultimate changes will depend on further clarification of definitions and requirements in any final rule.
In April 2024, the U.S. Department of Labor adopted a final rule to significantly broaden the definition of “fiduciary” under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Among other requirements, the rule, in conjunction with associated prohibited transaction exemptions (PTEs), subjects broker-dealers who provide non-discretionary investment advice to retirement plans and accounts to a “best interest” standard. The rule was scheduled to take effect September 23, 2024, with a one-year transition period for certain PTE provisions. On July 25 and 26, 2024, in two separate industry lawsuits seeking to vacate the rule, federal district court judges stayed effectiveness of the rule pending resolution of litigation.
In November 2023, the FDIC approved a final special assessment to recover losses incurred by the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) to protect uninsured depositors due to the March 2023 closures of two banks, which was subject to potential extension and a potential one-time final special assessment for any shortfall in the DIF. The pre-tax impact of the final rule’s initial assessment to the Company was $172 million, which was tax deductible and was recognized in earnings in the fourth quarter of 2023. In late February 2024, the FDIC notified banks, including the Company’s banking subsidiaries, that the estimated assessed losses to the DIF increased. Accordingly, the Company recognized additional pre-tax charges totaling $30 million during 2024, which are tax deductible. The Company paid its first amount on the special assessment in the second quarter of 2024 and expects the remaining collection period to be the next 18 months. The FDIC has indicated that its special assessments and related collection period remain subject to further refinement.
In August 2023, the U.S. federal banking agencies issued a proposed rulemaking on long-term debt requirements for certain large banking organizations. Among other things, the proposed rule would require CSC to maintain outstanding minimum levels of eligible long-term debt, as defined by the proposed rule, issued externally. The proposed rule would also require our banking subsidiaries to maintain outstanding minimum levels of eligible long-term debt, which our banking subsidiaries would
- 32 -
THE