amortization of ROU assets are included in occupancy and equipment on the consolidated statements of income.
The following table summarizes the Ameritrade integration exit and other related costs recognized in expense for the year ended December 31, 2022:
(1)
Costs related to facility closures. These costs, which are primarily comprised of accelerated amortization of ROU assets, relate to the impact of abandoning leased and other properties. Accelerated amortization of ROU assets are included in occupancy and equipment on the consolidated statements of income.
- 100 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
The following table summarizes the Ameritrade integration exit and other related costs incurred from the acquisition closing date through December 31, 2024:
(1)
Costs related to facility closures. These costs, which are primarily comprised of impairment and accelerated amortization of ROU assets and accelerated depreciation of fixed assets, relate to the impact of abandoning leased and other properties. Impairment charges are included in other expense, while accelerated amortization of ROU assets and accelerated depreciation of fixed assets are included in occupancy and equipment and depreciation expense, respectively, on the consolidated statements of income.
Other
When significant progress had been made in the integration of Ameritrade, the Company undertook incremental actions beginning in 2023 to streamline its operations to prepare for post-integration, including through position eliminations and decreasing its real estate footprint. In order to achieve anticipated cost savings through these actions, the Company incurred total exit and related costs, primarily related to employee compensation and benefits and facility exit costs, of $
504
million inclusive of costs recognized through December 31, 2024. During each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized $
9
million and $
495
million of restructuring-related exit costs, respectively. In addition to ASC 420, certain of the costs associated with these activities were accounted for in accordance with ASC 360, ASC 712, ASC 718, and ASC 842. Actions under the plan have been completed and there are no remaining exit and other related liabilities as of December 31, 2024.
The following table is a summary of the restructuring activity in the Company’s exit and other related liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 and activity for the years then ended:
(1)
Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
(2)
Amounts recognized in expense for severance pay and other termination benefits are included in
compensation and benefits
on the consolidated statements of income. The year ended December 31, 2024 includes a reduction of the liability resulting from changes in estimates of $
27
million and $
9