the same period in 2024.
This increase was primarily a result of continued growth in Schwab money market funds amid the ongoing elevated interest rate environment.
The increase in asset management and administration fees in the first quarter of 2025 was also due to growth in fee-based managed investing solutions and Mutual Fund OneSource
®
. These increases reflected the Company’s asset gathering and net inflows into managed investing solutions, as well as year-over-year equity market appreciation, which more than offset equity market declines experienced in the first quarter of 2025.
- 8 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
The following table presents a roll forward of client assets for the Schwab money market funds, Schwab equity and bond funds, ETFs, and CTFs, and Mutual Fund OneSource
and other NTF funds. These funds generated 50% and 48% of the asset management and administration fees earned in the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively:
Trading Revenue
The following tables present trading revenue, client trading activity, and related information:
(1)
Revenue per trade is calculated as trading revenue divided by the product of DATs multiplied by the number of trading days.
Trading revenue increased $91 million, or 11%, in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024, primarily driven by an increase in order flow revenue reflecting higher volume. Commission revenue increased due to higher volume, partially offset by changes in the mix of client trading activity. Offsetting the increase in commission revenue, principal transactions revenue decreased reflecting changes to the fair value of securities positions held to facilitate client activity and cash and investments segregated for regulatory purposes.
Bank Deposit Account Fees
The Company earns bank deposit account fee revenue from TD Bank USA, National Association and TD Bank, National Association (together, the TD Depository Institutions), in accordance with the Second Amended and Restated Insured Deposit Account Agreement (2023 IDA agreement). These fees are affected by changes in interest rates and the composition of balances designated as fixed- and floating-rate obligation amounts. See Item 1 – Note 10 for additional information.
- 9 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
The following table presents bank deposit account fee revenue and related information:
Bank deposit account fees increased $62 million, or 34%, in the first quarter of 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, primarily due to a decrease in the amount paid to clients as a result of lower interest rates in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024, partially offset by lower average BDA balances. The