short-term borrowings by a net total of $4.3 billion. Partially offsetting the decrease in bank deposits and repayment of borrowings, net investing cash inflows from our AFS and HTM securities totaled $12.4 billion in the first three months of 2025, and net cash inflows from operations totaled $6.4 billion.
Liquidity Coverage Ratio
Schwab is subject to the full LCR rule, which requires the Company to hold high quality liquid assets (HQLA) in an amount equal to at least 100% of the Company’s projected net cash outflows over a prospective 30-calendar-day period of acute liquidity stress, calculated on each business day. See Part I – Item 1 – Business – Regulation in the 2024 Form 10-K for additional information. The Company was in compliance with the LCR rule at March 31, 2025, and the table below presents information about our average daily LCR:
To support growth in margin loan balances at our broker-dealer subsidiary while meeting our LCR requirements, the Company may issue commercial paper, draw on secured lines of credit, or engage in securities lending, in addition to capital markets issuances. In managing compliance with our LCR requirements, the broker-dealer subsidiary may also retain client cash balances rather than sweeping such balances to our banking subsidiaries.
Net Stable Funding Ratio
Schwab is subject to disclosure requirements under the NSFR rule, which requires the semi-annual public disclosure of its NSFR levels. The NSFR rule stipulates that the Company’s available stable funding (ASF) must be at least 100% of the Company’s required stable funding (RSF). ASF is calculated by assessing the stability of the Company’s funding sources and RSF is calculated by evaluating the characteristics of the Company’s assets, derivatives, and off-balance-sheet exposures. The Company was in compliance with the NSFR rule at March 31, 2025.
- 19 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Long-Term Borrowings
The Company’s long-term debt is primarily comprised of Senior Notes and totaled $21.5 billion and $22.4 billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
The following table provides information about our Senior Notes outstanding at March 31, 2025:
(1)
Weighted average interest rates presented here exclude the impact of derivatives. See Note 11 for information on the Company’s hedging of Senior Notes.
New Debt Issuances
There were no new debt issuances of senior unsecured obligations in the first three months of 2025.
Schwab enters into guarantees and other similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business. For information on these arrangements, see Item 1 – Notes 6, 7, 9, 10, and 12. Pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement, certain brokerage accounts are required to be swept off-balance sheet to the TD Depository Institutions. See Item 1 – Note 10 for additional information.
Additional