December 31, 2024. The Company’s simulated incremental decreases in market interest rates had a smaller impact on net interest revenue as of March 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024, primarily due to lower balances of floating-rate interest-earning assets.
Effective Duration
Effective duration measures price sensitivity relative to a change in prevailing interest rates, taking account of amortizing cash flows and prepayment optionality for mortgage-related securities and loans. Duration is measured in years and commonly interpreted as the average timing of principal and interest cash flows. We seek to manage the Company’s asset duration in relation to management’s estimate of the Company’s liability duration. The Company’s liability duration is impacted by the composition of funding sources, and typically decreases in periods of rising market interest rates and increases in periods of declining market interest rates. The Company also utilizes derivative hedging instruments such as interest rate swaps in managing its asset and liability duration.
- 15 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
The following table presents the Company’s estimated effective durations, which reflects anticipated future payments, by category:
(1)
See Item 1 – Note 11 for additional discussion on the Company’s derivatives.
AFS and HTM securities comprised approximately 47% and 55% of the Company’s consolidated total assets as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The estimated effective duration of the remaining balance sheet assets in aggregate was less than one year as of both March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Economic Value of Equity Simulation
Management also uses EVE simulations to measure interest rate risk. EVE sensitivity measures the long-term impact of interest rate changes on the net present value of assets and liabilities, and includes the impact of derivative instruments. While EVE does not have a direct accounting relationship, the measure aims to capture a theoretical value of assets and liabilities under a variety of interest rate environments. EVE is calculated by subjecting the balance sheet to hypothetical instantaneous shifts in the level of interest rates. This analysis is highly dependent upon asset and liability assumptions based on historical behaviors. Key assumptions in our EVE calculation include projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, term structure models of interest rates, behavior of non-maturity client cash held on the balance sheet, and pricing assumptions. We use both proprietary and independent third-party models to simulate EVE sensitivity and related analyses. We develop and maintain client credits and deposits run-off models internally based on historical experience and prevailing client cash realignment behaviors. We rely on third-