deposit account fees due to lower average BDA balances
- 42 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
and higher yields paid to clients, as well as breakage fees incurred as a result of ending certain third-party bank arrangements. Trading revenue decreased for both segments, primarily as a result of lower order flow revenue and commissions, due to lower client trading activity and pricing, partially offset by higher fixed income trading activity. Other revenue decreased for both segments primarily due to lower industry fees, net losses on sales of AFS securities, and gains on the sale of certain investments in 2022, partially offset by lower provision for credit losses on bank loans. These decreases were partially offset by higher asset management and administration fees in both segments, primarily as a result of higher money market fund balances and the elimination of money market fund fee waivers during 2022 and growth in Schwab proprietary fund products, partially offset by lower balances in certain third-party funds.
Segment Expenses Excluding Interest
Investor Services and Advisor Services total expenses excluding interest decreased 2% and 11%, respectively, in 2024 compared to 2023. Compensation and benefits expense decreased in both segments, primarily due to restructuring costs recognized in 2023 and lower headcount as a result of position eliminations, partially offset by higher incentive compensation and annual merit increases. Occupancy and equipment expense decreased in both segments, primarily due to lower technology equipment and software costs, lower property tax expense, and facility closures in 2023 related to restructuring and the Ameritrade integration. For Investor Services, depreciation and amortization expense increased, primarily due to higher amortization of purchased and internally developed software, driven by capital expenditures in 2023 and 2024 to enhance our technological infrastructure to support growth of the business. Regulatory fees and assessments decreased in both segments in 2024, primarily due to an FDIC special assessment recorded during the fourth quarter of 2023, partially offset by additional FDIC special assessments in 2024, as described above. Other expense increased for Investor Services primarily due to higher industry fees, partially offset by impairment charges recorded in 2023 related to restructuring. Other expense decreased for Advisor Services primarily due to impairment charges recorded in 2023 related to restructuring and lower clearing charges.
Investor Services and Advisor Services total expenses excluding interest increased by 8% and 13%, respectively, in 2023 compared to 2022. Both segments saw higher compensation and benefits expenses due to restructuring costs recognized in the second half of 2023, higher average headcount to support Ameritrade client