Securities analyst coverage, estimates and results versus estimates;
•
The announcement of new products, services, acquisitions, or dispositions by us or our competitors;
•
Declaration of dividends and purchases under the Company’s share repurchase program;
•
Sales of a substantial number of shares by large stockholders;
- 19 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
•
General stock market activity and industry developments; and
•
Other Risk Factors described in this section.
Return of capital to stockholders may depend on our capital position, financial results, market conditions, legal restrictions, and other considerations, and the Company may not complete its full share repurchase authorization. In addition, issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities, including under incentive compensation plans or for acquisitions, could be substantially dilutive to holders of CSC’s common stock.
Item 1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.     Cybersecurity
As a large company in the financial services industry, we do business with a large number of clients, counterparties, and third-party service providers, and the nature of Schwab’s business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. We process, record, and monitor a high volume of transactions, and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems. As a result, we face extensive cybersecurity risks.
It is through a combination of specialized internal and external teams, coupled with security software tools, that Schwab identifies, assesses, and manages material cybersecurity risk, and implements and enhances over time our cybersecurity policies, procedures, and strategies to reduce risk. We also maintain processes and procedures for identifying and investigating cybersecurity threats and remediation should an incident occur. Despite our efforts to protect our systems and data, there can be no assurance that we are able to maintain effective preventive measures against all cybersecurity risks, especially because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, and the techniques used change frequently and may not be immediately recognizable.
Though the impact of prior cybersecurity events experienced by the Company has not been material to the Company’s strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, we continue to face increasing cybersecurity risks.
CSC’s Board of Directors, supported by the Board Risk Committee, oversees Schwab’s enterprise risk management process and policies, including cybersecurity risks.
Integrated within the Company’s overall enterprise risk management program, Schwab has an established information security program that is regularly assessed against formal industry standards and knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data.
We