Rule 10b5-1(c).
(2)
Not intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).
(3)
Plans expire at the close of trading on the date presented or at such earlier date upon the completion of all trades under the plan (or the expiration of the orders relating to such trades without execution).
(4)
Securities to be sold under the plan represent the aggregate of (i) up to
38,227
shares of our common stock to be acquired upon the exercise of stock options; and (ii) the net after-tax number of shares of our common stock to be issued upon the settlement of performance-based restricted stock units (PBRSUs) vesting on March 1, 2025, which is based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals, and is not yet determinable. The actual number of shares that will be issued to the officer in connection with the unvested PBRSUs and sold under the trading arrangement will be net of the number of shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of such PBRSUs.
(5)
Securities to be sold under the plan represent the aggregate of (i) up to
26,420
shares of our common stock; (ii) up to
35,970
shares of our common stock to be acquired upon the exercise of stock options; and (iii) the net after-tax number of shares of our common stock to be issued upon the settlement of PBRSUs vesting on March 1, 2025, which is based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals, and is not yet determinable. The actual number of shares that will be issued to the officer in connection with the unvested PBRSUs and sold under the trading arrangement will be net of the number of shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of such PBRSUs.
(6)
Securities to be sold under the plan represent the aggregate of (i) up to
45,872
shares of our common stock to be acquired upon the exercise of stock options; and (ii) the net after-tax number of shares of our common stock to be issued upon the settlement of PBRSUs vesting on March 1, 2025, which is based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals, and is not yet determinable. The actual number of shares that will be issued to the officer in connection with the unvested PBRSUs and sold under the trading arrangement will be net of the number of shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of such PBRSUs.
Item 9C.     Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
- 125 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
PART
III
Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance
The information relating to directors of CSC, CSC’s Audit Committee, Section 16 reports, and
insider trading policies
and procedures required to be furnished pursuant to this item is incorporated by reference from portions of the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A by April 30, 2025 (the Proxy Statement)