collateral pledged and Note 9 for additional information.
- 50 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
Margin lending
: Clients with margin loans have agreed to allow Schwab to pledge collateralized securities in their brokerage accounts in accordance with federal regulations.
The following table summarizes the fair value of client securities that were available, under such regulations, that could have been used as collateral, as well as the fair value of securities that we had pledged to third parties under such regulations and from securities borrowed transactions:
Note: Excludes amounts available and pledged for securities lending from fully-paid client securities. The fair value of fully-paid client securities available and pledged was $
138
million and $
105
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
(1)
Securities pledged to fulfill client margin requirements for open option contracts established with the Options Clearing Corporation.
13.
Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Schwab’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include: certain cash equivalents, certain investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes, AFS securities, certain other assets, interest rate swaps, and certain accrued expenses and other liabilities. The Company uses the market approach to determine the fair value of assets and liabilities. When available, the Company uses quoted prices in active markets to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. Quoted prices for investments in exchange-traded securities represent end-of-day close prices published by exchanges. Quoted prices for money market funds and other mutual funds represent reported net asset values. When utilizing market data and bid-ask spread, the Company uses the price within the bid-ask spread that best represents fair value. When quoted prices in active markets do not exist, the Company uses prices obtained from independent third-party pricing services to measure the fair value of investment assets, and we generally obtain prices from
three
independent third-party pricing sources for such assets recorded at fair value.
Our primary independent pricing service provides prices for our fixed income investments such as commercial paper; certificates of deposit; U.S. government and agency securities; state and municipal securities; corporate debt securities; asset-backed securities; foreign government agency securities; and non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities. Such prices are based on observable trades, broker/dealer quotes, and discounted cash flows that incorporate observable information such as yields for similar types of securities (a benchmark interest rate plus observable spreads) and weighted-average maturity for the same or