respectively, in the first quarter of 2025, compared to the same period in 2024. Compensation and benefits expense increased in both segments, primarily due to annual merit increases, higher incentive compensation, and employee benefits and taxes. Professional services expense increased in both segments, due to increased utilization of technology and other professional services to support overall growth of the business. Regulatory fees and assessments decreased for both segments primarily due to a $25 million incremental FDIC special assessment in the first quarter of 2024 and lower FDIC assessments. Other expenses increased for both segments primarily due to higher industry fees driven by higher SEC fee rates coupled with higher trading volumes.
- 13 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
RISK MANAGEMENT
Schwab’s business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, compliance, credit, market, and liquidity risks. The Company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact.
For a discussion of our risk management programs, see Part II – Item 7 – Risk Management in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Market Risk
Market risk is the potential for changes in earnings or the value of financial instruments held by Schwab as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, or market conditions. Schwab is exposed to market risk primarily from changes in interest rates within our interest-earning assets relative to changes in the costs of funding sources that finance these assets.
To manage interest rate risk, we have established policies and procedures, which include setting limits on net interest revenue risk and EVE risk. To remain within these limits, we manage the maturity, repricing, and cash flow characteristics of the investment portfolios. Management monitors established guidelines to stay within the Company’s risk appetite. The Company utilizes interest rate swap derivative instruments to assist with managing interest rate risk, the effects of which are incorporated into the Company’s net interest revenue and EVE analyses. For further information on our interest rate risk management strategies utilizing interest rate swaps, see Item 1 – Note 11.
Our measurement of interest rate risk involves assumptions that are inherently uncertain and, as a result, cannot precisely estimate the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest revenue, bank deposit account fees, or EVE. Actual results may differ from simulated results due to balance growth or decline and the timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes, as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies, including changes in asset and liability mix. Financial instruments are also subject to the risk that