securities in accordance with federal regulations. The collateral is not reflected in the consolidated financial statements.
Other securities owned and securities sold but not yet purchased
Other securities owned and securities sold but not yet purchased are included in other assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets and recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices or other observable market data. Unrealized gains and losses are included in earnings. Client-held fractional shares are included in other securities owned for client positions where off-balance sheet treatment pursuant to ASC 940
Financial Services
–
Brokers and Dealers
is not applicable and the derecognition criteria in ASC 860
Transfers and Servicing,
are not met. These client-held fractional shares have related repurchase liabilities that are accounted for at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. See Fair values of assets and liabilities below in this Note 2 for further information on these repurchase liabilities.
Investment securities
AFS investment securities are recorded at fair value and unrealized gains and losses, other than losses related to credit factors, are reported, net of taxes, in AOCI included in stockholders’ equity. HTM investment securities are recorded at amortized cost, net of any allowance for credit losses, based on the Company’s positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. Realized gains and losses from sales of AFS investment securities are determined using the specific-identification method and are included in other revenue. Interest income on investment securities is recognized using the effective interest method based on the contractual terms of the security. Where applicable, prepayments are accounted for as they occur (i.e., prepayments are not estimated). Accrued interest receivable for AFS and HTM investment securities is included in other assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
- 72 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
An AFS investment security is impaired if the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. Management evaluates AFS investment securities with unrealized losses to determine whether the security’s impairment has resulted from a credit loss or other factors. This evaluation is performed quarterly on an individual security basis.
The evaluation of whether the AFS security impairment has resulted from a credit loss is inherently judgmental. This evaluation considers multiple factors including: the financial condition of the issuer; the payment structure of the security; external credit ratings; our internal credit ratings; the security’s market implied credit spread; for asset-backed securities, the amount of credit support provided by the structure of the