securities. For additional information on these pledged securities, refer to Note 12. In connection with its securities lending activities, Schwab is required to provide collateral to certain brokerage clients. The Company satisfies the collateral requirements by providing cash as collateral.
The Company also provides guarantees to securities clearing houses and exchanges under standard membership agreements, which require members to guarantee the performance of other members. Under the agreements, if another member becomes unable to satisfy its obligations to the clearing houses and exchanges, other members would be required to meet shortfalls. The Company’s liability under these arrangements is not quantifiable and may exceed the amounts it has posted as collateral. The Company also engages third-party firms to clear clients’ futures and options on futures transactions and to facilitate clients’ foreign exchange trading, and has agreed to indemnify these firms for any losses that they may incur from the client transactions introduced to them by the Company. The potential requirement for the Company to make payments under these arrangements is remote. Accordingly,
no
liability has been recognized for these guarantees and indemnifications.
IDA agreement
: The 2023 IDA agreement with the TD Depository Institutions specifies responsibilities, including certain contingent obligations, of the Company. Pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement, uninvested cash within eligible brokerage client accounts is swept off-balance sheet to deposit accounts at the TD Depository Institutions. Schwab provides recordkeeping and support services to the TD Depository Institutions with respect to the deposit accounts for which Schwab receives an aggregate monthly fee. Under the 2023 IDA agreement, the service fee on client cash deposits held at the TD Depository Institutions is 15 basis points. The Company’s ability to migrate these balances to its balance sheet is dependent on multiple factors including having sufficient capital levels to sustain these incremental deposits and certain binding limitations specified in the 2023 IDA agreement. During the first three months of 2025, Schwab did
not
move IDA balances to its balance sheet.
The 2023 IDA agreement extended the agreement term to sweep balances to the TD Depository Institutions through July 1, 2034, and requires that Schwab maintain minimum and maximum IDA balances as follows:
•
Through September 10, 2025, Schwab must maintain minimum balances above the total of then-outstanding unmatured fixed-rate obligation amounts, with a maximum of $
30
billion above this total amount. During this period, withdrawals of IDA balances by Schwab are generally permitted only to the extent of withdrawals initiated by Schwab customers, with limited exceptions, except to the extent necessary for Schwab to maintain balances below the applicable maximum.
•
After September 10, 2025, withdrawals of IDA balances are permitted at Schwab’s