information on our contractual obligations for brokered CDs, FHLB borrowings, other short-term borrowings, long-term debt, leases, and credit-related financial instruments, see Item 8 – Notes 12, 13, 14, and 15. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had total short-term purchase obligations of $726 million and total long-term purchase obligations of $499 million.
Schwab also enters into guarantees and other similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business. For information on these arrangements, see Item 8 – Notes 6, 7, 11, 13, 15, and 18. Pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement, certain brokerage client deposits are required to be swept off-balance sheet to the TD Depository Institutions. See Item 8 – Note 15 for additional information on the 2023 IDA agreement.
- 54 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Schwab seeks to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support execution of our business strategy, inclusive of balance sheet growth over time, financial support to our subsidiaries, sustained access to the capital markets, and regulatory capital requirements. Schwab also seeks to return excess capital to stockholders. We may return excess capital through such activities as dividends, repurchases of common shares, preferred stock redemptions, and repurchases of our preferred stock represented by depositary shares. Schwab’s primary sources of capital are funds generated by the operations of subsidiaries and securities issuances by CSC in the capital markets.
To ensure that Schwab has sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses or declines in asset values, we have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios. Internal guidelines are set, for both CSC and its regulated subsidiaries, to ensure capital levels are in line with our strategy and regulatory requirements. Capital forecasts are reviewed monthly at Asset-Liability Management Committee meetings and regularly at meetings of the Board of Directors. A number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify potential developments that could negatively impact capital. In addition, we monitor the subsidiaries’ capital levels and requirements. Subject to regulatory capital requirements and any required approvals, any excess capital held by subsidiaries is transferred to CSC in the form of dividends and returns of capital. At the banking subsidiaries, dividends and returns of capital are managed with consideration of minimum tangible common equity and regulatory capital requirements.
When subsidiaries have need of additional capital, funds are provided by CSC as equity investments and also as subordinated loans. The details and method used for each cash infusion are based on an analysis of the particular entity’s needs and financing alternatives. The amounts and structure of infusions