decreasing.
Bank Deposit Account Fees Simulation
Consistent with the presentation on the consolidated statement of income, the sensitivity of bank deposit account fee revenue to interest rate changes is assessed separately from the net interest revenue simulation described above. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, simulated changes in bank deposit account fee revenue from gradual changes in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates, under the interest rate scenarios described above for net interest revenue, did not have a significant impact on the Company’s total net revenues. Our net interest revenue, EVE, and bank deposit account fee revenue simulations reflect the assumption of non-negative investment yields.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the potential that Schwab will be unable to sell assets or meet cash flow obligations when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses.
Due to its role as a source of financial strength, CSC’s liquidity needs are primarily driven by the liquidity and capital needs of: CS&Co, our principal broker-dealer subsidiary; the capital needs of the banking subsidiaries; principal and interest due on corporate debt; and dividend payments on CSC’s preferred and common stock. The liquidity needs of our broker-dealer subsidiary are primarily driven by client activity, including trading and margin lending activities, and capital expenditures. The capital needs of the banking subsidiaries are primarily driven by client deposit levels and other borrowings. We have established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies, while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. We seek to maintain client confidence in the balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow the Company to meet its obligations. To this end, we have established limits and contingency funding plans to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions.
We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. We conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. Liquidity sources are also tested periodically and results are reported to the Financial Risk Oversight Committee. A number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify emerging liquidity stresses in the market or within the organization and are reviewed with management periodically.
Funding Sources
Schwab’s primary source of funds is cash generated by client activity which includes bank deposits and cash balances in client brokerage accounts. These funds are used to purchase investment securities and extend loans to clients. Other sources of funds may include