determined by the credit agreements.
(4)
During the first quarter of 2024, CSC entered into an unsecured committed revolving line of credit with various external banks.
N/A Not applicable.
Available borrowing capacity from the FHLB and Federal Reserve facilities maintained by our banking subsidiaries is dependent on the value of assets pledged and the terms of the borrowing arrangements. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had additional investment securities with a par value of approximately $124 billion, or a fair value of approximately $113 billion, available to be pledged to obtain additional capacity. Additional details regarding availability and use of these facilities is described below.
Amounts available under secured credit facilities with the FHLB are dependent on the value of our First Mortgages, HELOCs, and the value of certain of our investment securities that are pledged as collateral. These credit facilities are also available as backup financing in the event the outflow of client cash from the banking subsidiaries’ respective balance sheets is greater than maturities and paydowns on investment securities and bank loans. CSC’s banking subsidiaries must each maintain positive tangible capital, as defined by the FHFA, in order to place new draws upon these credit facilities, and the Company manages capital with consideration of minimum tangible capital ratios at our banking subsidiaries. Tangible capital pursuant to the requirements of the FHLB borrowing facilities for our banking subsidiaries is common equity less goodwill and intangible assets.
Our banking subsidiaries also have access to short-term secured funding through the Federal Reserve discount window. Amounts available under the Federal Reserve discount window are dependent on the value of certain investment securities that are pledged as collateral. Our banking subsidiaries may also engage with external financial institutions in repurchase agreements collateralized by investment securities as another source of short-term liquidity. In addition, our banking subsidiaries are counterparties to the Standing Repo Facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; other than de minimis tests performed to satisfy the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s testing requirements, this facility was not used during 2024 and there were no amounts outstanding at December 31, 2024. CSC maintains standing bilateral repurchase agreements with external banks. Other than de minimis tests, these facilities were not used during 2024 and there were no amounts outstanding under these facilities at December 31, 2024.
CSC’s ratings for Commercial Paper Notes were P1 by Moody’s Investor Service (Moody’s), A2 by Standard & Poor’s Rating Group (Standard & Poor’s), and F1 by Fitch Ratings, Ltd (Fitch) at December 31, 2024. CSC also has a universal automatic shelf registration statement on file with the SEC, which enables it to issue debt, equity, and other securities.
- 51 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB