direct origination costs or net purchase discounts or premiums. Interest income on bank loans is recognized using the effective interest method based on the contractual terms of the loan. Direct origination costs and premiums and discounts are recognized in interest revenue using the effective interest method over the contractual life of the loan and are adjusted for actual prepayments. Additionally, management estimates an allowance for credit losses, which is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans to arrive at the amount expected to be collected. The bank loan portfolio includes
three
portfolio segments: residential real estate, PALs, and other loans. We use these segments when developing and documenting our methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses. The residential real estate portfolio segment is divided into
two
classes of financing receivables for purposes of monitoring and assessing credit risk: First Mortgages and HELOCs.
Schwab records an allowance for credit losses through a charge to provision for credit losses, included in other revenue, based on our estimate of current expected credit losses for the existing portfolio. We review the allowance for credit losses quarterly, taking into consideration current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts, the composition of the existing loan portfolio, past loss experience, and any other risks inherent in the portfolio to ensure that the allowance for credit losses is maintained at an appropriate level.
Substantially all PALs are collateralized by marketable securities with liquid markets. Credit lines are over-collateralized and borrowers are required to maintain collateral at specified levels at all times. The required collateral levels are determined based on the type of security pledged. Additionally, collateral market value is monitored on a daily basis and a borrower’s credit line may be reduced or collateral may be liquidated if the collateral is in danger of falling below specified levels. As such, the credit loss inherent within this portfolio is limited. Schwab applies the practical expedient based on collateral maintenance provisions in estimating an allowance for credit losses for PALs.
The methodology to establish an allowance for credit losses for the residential real estate portfolio segment utilizes statistical models that estimate prepayments, defaults, and expected losses for this portfolio segment based on predicted behavior of individual loans within the segment. The methodology also evaluates concentrations in the classes of financing receivables, including loan products within those classes, year of origination, and geographical distribution of collateral.
Expected credit losses are estimated using a loan-level model that projects each loan’s behavior over its term based on forecasted voluntary housing turnover, the rates of refinancing, delinquency transition rates, and severity of loss. The model takes into account the current