securities temporarily to other broker-dealers and clearing houses in connection with its securities lending activities and receives cash as collateral for the securities loaned. Increases in security prices may cause the fair value of the securities loaned to exceed the amount of cash received as collateral. In the event a counterparty to these transactions does not return the loaned securities or provide additional cash collateral, we may be exposed to the risk of acquiring the securities at prevailing market prices in order to satisfy our client obligations. Schwab mitigates this risk by requiring credit approvals for counterparties, monitoring the fair value of securities loaned, and requiring additional cash as collateral when necessary. In addition, most of our securities lending transactions are through a program with a clearing organization, which guarantees the return of cash to us. We also borrow securities from other broker-dealers to fulfill short sales by brokerage clients and deliver cash to the lender in exchange for the securities. The fair value of these borrowed securities was $
674
million and $
1.5
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our securities lending transactions are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements with other broker-dealers; however, we do not net securities lending transactions. Therefore, the securities loaned and securities borrowed are presented gross in the consolidated balance sheets.
Repurchase agreements:
Schwab enters into collateralized repurchase agreements with external financial institutions in which the Company sells securities and agrees to repurchase these securities on a specified future date at a stated repurchase price. These repurchase agreements are collateralized by investment securities with a fair value equal to or in excess of the secured borrowing liability. Decreases in security prices posted as collateral for repurchase agreements may require Schwab to transfer cash and/or additional securities deemed acceptable by the counterparty. To mitigate this risk, Schwab monitors the fair value of underlying securities pledged as collateral compared to the related liability. Our collateralized repurchase agreements with each external financial institution are considered to be enforceable master netting arrangements. However, we do not net these arrangements. As such, the secured short-term borrowings associated with these collateralized repurchase agreements are presented gross in the consolidated balance sheets.
Interest rate swaps:
Schwab uses interest rate swaps to manage certain interest rate risk exposures. Schwab’s interest rate swaps are cleared through CCPs which require the Company to post initial margin as collateral against potential losses. Schwab pledges investment securities as collateral in order to meet the CCP’s initial margin requirements. Initial margin is posted through FCMs which serve as the intermediary between CCPs and Schwab. Our interest