shown as available from the FHLB and Federal Reserve facilities represent remaining capacity based on assets pledged as of March 31, 2025. Incremental borrowing capacity may be made available by pledging additional assets, subject to applicable facility terms. See below and Item 1 – Note 9 for additional information.
(2)
Secured borrowing capacity is made available based on the banking subsidiaries’ or CSC’s ability to provide collateral deemed acceptable by each respective counterparty. See below and Item 1 – Note 12 for additional information.
(3)
Outstanding balance of unsecured commercial paper as of March 31, 2025 represents the gross par value before discount of $15 million.
(4)
Secured borrowing capacity is made available based on CS&Co’s ability to provide acceptable collateral to the lenders as determined by the credit agreements.
N/A Not applicable.
Available borrowing capacity from the FHLB and Federal Reserve facilities maintained by our banking subsidiaries is dependent on the value of assets pledged and the terms of the borrowing arrangements. As of March 31, 2025, the Company had additional investment securities with a par value of approximately $112 billion, or a fair value of approximately $104 billion, available to be pledged to obtain additional capacity. Additional details regarding availability and use of these facilities is described below.
Amounts available under secured credit facilities with the FHLB are dependent on the value of our First Mortgages, home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), and the value of certain of our investment securities that are pledged as collateral. These credit facilities are also available as backup financing in the event the outflow of client cash from the banking subsidiaries’ respective balance sheets is greater than maturities and paydowns on investment securities and bank loans. CSC’s banking subsidiaries must each maintain positive tangible capital, as defined by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), in order to place new draws upon these credit facilities, and the Company manages capital with consideration of minimum tangible capital ratios at our banking subsidiaries. Tangible capital pursuant to the requirements of the FHLB borrowing facilities for our banking subsidiaries is common equity less goodwill and intangible assets.
Our banking subsidiaries also have access to short-term secured funding through the Federal Reserve discount window. Amounts available under the Federal Reserve discount window are dependent on the value of certain investment securities that are pledged as collateral. Our banking subsidiaries may also engage with external financial institutions and the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (FICC) in repurchase agreements collateralized by investment securities as another source of short-term liquidity. In addition, our banking subsidiaries are counterparties to the Standing Repo Facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; other than de minimis tests