Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
Information on stock options granted and exercised is presented below:
We use an option pricing model to estimate the fair value of options granted. The model takes into account the contractual term of the stock option, expected volatility, dividend yield, and the risk-free interest rate. Expected volatility is based on the implied volatility of publicly-traded options on CSC’s stock. Dividend yield is based on the average historical CSC dividend yield. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of a U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issue with a remaining term similar to the contractual term of the option. We use historical option exercise data, which includes employee termination data, to estimate the probability of future option exercises.
The assumptions used to value the options granted during the years presented and their expected lives were as follows:
Restricted Stock Units
Restricted stock units are awards that entitle the holder to receive shares of CSC’s common stock following a vesting period and are restricted from transfer or sale until vested. Restricted stock units without performance conditions generally vest annually over a
one
- to
four-year
period, while performance-based restricted stock units generally cliff vest over a
three-year
period and also require the Company to achieve certain financial or other measures prior to vesting. The fair value of restricted stock units is based on the market price of the Company’s stock on the date of grant. The fair value of the restricted stock units that vested during each of the years 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $
281
million, $
288
million, and $
282
million, respectively.
The Company’s restricted stock units activity is summarized below:
(1)
Number of units was less than
500
thousand.
Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plans
Employees can participate in Schwab’s qualified retirement plan, the SchwabPlan Retirement Savings and Investment Plan. The Company may match certain employee contributions or make additional contributions to this plan at its discretion. The Company’s total expense was $
219
million, $
233
million, and $
217
million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Schwab’s deferred compensation plan for certain eligible employees permits participants to defer the receipt of certain cash compensation. The deferred compensation plan for non-employee directors permits participants to defer receipt of all or a portion of their director fees and to receive either a grant of stock options, or upon ceasing service as a director, the number of shares of CSC’s common stock that would have resulted from investing the deferred fee amount into CSC’s common stock. The deferred compensation liability was $
251
million and $
215
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
- 113 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios,