tax rates at which future taxable amounts will likely be settled or realized. The effects of tax rate changes on future deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, as well as other changes in income tax laws, are recorded in earnings in the period such changes are enacted. Uncertain tax positions are evaluated to determine whether they are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. When tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, the difference between positions taken on tax return filings and estimated potential tax settlement outcomes are recognized in accrued expenses and other liabilities. If a position is not more likely than not to be sustained, then none of the tax benefit is recognized in Schwab’s financial statements. Accrued interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in taxes on income. Schwab records amounts within AOCI net of taxes. Income tax effects are released from AOCI using the specific-identification method.
Share-based compensation
Share-based compensation includes employee and board of director stock options and restricted stock units. Schwab measures compensation expense for these share-based payment arrangements based on their estimated fair values as of the grant date. The grant date fair value is amortized to compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Share-based compensation expense is based on options or units expected to vest and therefore is reduced for estimated forfeitures. Per the Company’s accounting policy election, forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and reviewed annually based on the Company’s historical forfeiture experience. Share-based compensation expense is adjusted in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from estimated forfeitures. For share-based payment awards with performance conditions, management assesses and estimates their expected level of achievement. Share-based compensation expense is recognized based on the level of achievement deemed probable and changes in the estimated outcome are reflected as a cumulative adjustment to expense in the period of the change in estimate. The excess tax benefits or deficiencies from the exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock units are recorded in taxes on income.
Derivative instruments and hedging activities
The Company utilizes derivative instruments as part of its interest rate risk management. The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. Accounting for the changes in the fair values of derivatives depends on whether we qualify for and elect to apply hedge accounting and the type of hedging accounting relationship applied. Hedge accounting generally matches the timing of gain or loss recognition on the derivatives with the recognition of the changes in the fair values or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
.
Economic hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting or