Workplace Financial Services includes Retirement Plan Services, Retirement Business Services, Stock Plan Services, and Designated Brokerage Services. Retirement Plan Services offers a bundled retirement plan product for a range of plan types that provides retirement plan sponsors with extensive investment options, trustee or custodial services, and plan participant-level recordkeeping. Retirement plan design features, which increase plan efficiency and achieve plan sponsor goals, are also offered, including automatic enrollment, automatic fund mapping at conversion, and automatic contribution increases. In addition to an open architecture investment platform, we offer a managed investing service to help plan participants work toward their retirement goals. Individuals investing for retirement through 401(k) plans can take advantage of bundled offerings of multiple investment choices, education, third-party advice, and an integrated brokerage window.
Beginning in 2024, the Investor Services segment includes the Retirement Business Services business unit within Workplace Financial Services. Retirement Business Services provides trust, custody, brokerage, and software services to independent
- 4 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
retirement plan advisors and independent recordkeepers. Through Retirement Business Services, retirement plan assets are held at Charles Schwab Trust Bank (Trust Bank) or trusteed by a separate, independent trustee, or through brokerage accounts at CS&Co. Retirement Business Services also offers the Schwab Personal Choice Retirement Account
®
, a self-directed brokerage offering for retirement plans. The Company and independent retirement plan providers work together to serve plan sponsors, combining the consulting and administrative expertise of the administrator with our investment, technology, brokerage, trust, and custodial services.
Stock Plan Services offers equity compensation stock plan administrators full-service recordkeeping for stock plans, stock options, restricted stock, performance shares, stock appreciation rights, and a full range of participant support services that includes education and investing services to individual equity plan participants. Specialized services for executive transactions and reporting, corporate actions, grant acceptance tracking, and other services are offered to stock plan administrators to meet the needs of administering the reporting and compliance aspects of an equity compensation plan. Designated Brokerage Services supports employers’ needs for employee account surveillance (trading and reporting) through a consultative and best practices approach. Comprehensive single-custodian solutions combine technology with experienced service team members to help compliance professionals manage risk. Single-custodian solutions provide Schwab account trading data via an outbound direct data feed to industry regulated companies’ proprietary compliance solutions or third-party compliance