Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Net interest margin:
Net interest revenue (annualized for interim periods) divided by average interest-earning assets.
Net new client assets:
Total inflows of client cash and securities to Schwab less client outflows. Inflows include dividends and interest; outflows include commissions and fees. Capital gains distributions are excluded.
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR):
The ratio of the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding.
New brokerage accounts:
All brokerage accounts opened during the period, as well as any accounts added via acquisition.
Nonperforming assets:
The total of nonaccrual loans and other real estate owned.
Order flow revenue:
Payments received from trade execution venues to which our broker-dealer subsidiary sends equity and option orders.
Pledged Asset Line
®
(PAL):
A non-purpose revolving line of credit from a banking subsidiary secured by eligible assets held in a separate pledged brokerage account maintained at CS&Co.
Return on average common stockholders’ equity:
Calculated as net income available to common stockholders (annualized for interim periods) divided by average common stockholders’ equity.
Risk-weighted assets:
Computed by assigning specific risk-weightings to assets and off-balance sheet instruments for capital adequacy calculations.
Tier 1 Capital:
The sum of CET1 Capital and additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and related surplus, less applicable adjustments and deductions.
Tier 1 Leverage Ratio:
End-of-period Tier 1 Capital divided by adjusted average total consolidated assets for the period.
Trading days:
Days in which the markets/exchanges are open for the buying and selling of securities. Early market closures are counted as half-days.
U.S. federal banking agencies:
Refers to the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the FDIC, and the CFPB.
Uniform Net Capital Rule:
Refers to Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which specifies minimum capital requirements that are intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers at all times.
- 27 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
OVERVIEW
Management focuses on several client activity and financial metrics in evaluating Schwab’s financial position and operating performance. We believe that metrics relating to net new and total client assets, as well as client cash levels and utilization of advisory services, offer perspective on our business momentum and client engagement. Data on new and total client brokerage accounts provides additional perspective on our ability to attract and retain new business. Total net revenue growth, pre-tax profit margin, EPS, return on average common stockholders’ equity, and the