requirements, as well as the single counterparty credit limits.
In August 2023, the Federal Reserve, together with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC, issued a proposed rulemaking on long-term debt requirements for certain large banking organizations.
See
Part II – Item 7 – Current Regulatory and Other Developments for discussion of the rule proposal.
Source of Strength
The Dodd-Frank Act codified the Federal Reserve’s long-held position that a depository institution holding company must serve as a source of financial strength for its subsidiary depository institutions, the so-called “source of strength doctrine.” In effect, the holding company may be compelled to commit resources to support the subsidiary depository institution in the event the subsidiary is in financial distress.
Insured Depository Institution Resolution Plans
The FDIC requires insured depository institutions (IDIs) with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more to submit to the FDIC periodic plans providing for their resolution by the FDIC in the event of failure (IDI resolution plans) dating to a rule adopted in 2012. In June 2024, the FDIC adopted a new final rule with additional requirements for IDI resolution plans. Under the new final rule, large banks with total assets of at least $100 billion are required to submit comprehensive resolution plans that meet enhanced standards. These IDIs generally are required to submit a full resolution plan every three years under the new final rule with limited supplements filed in the off years. Among other requirements, the final rule requires periodic testing to validate capabilities and processing needed in resolution, and the FDIC will make certain credibility assessments of the IDI resolution plan. Under the new final rule, CSB is required to submit an IDI resolution plan to the FDIC on or before July 1, 2025. CSC is not subject to a separate holding company resolution plan requirement.
Deposit Insurance Assessments
The FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) provides insurance coverage for certain deposits, generally up to $250,000 per depositor per account ownership type, and is funded by quarterly assessments on insured depository institutions. The FDIC uses a risk-based deposit premium assessment system that, for large insured depository institutions with at least $10 billion in total consolidated assets, uses a scorecard method based on a number of factors, including the institution’s regulatory ratings, asset quality and brokered deposits. The deposit insurance assessment base is calculated as average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity.
In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by two basis points, which became effective for the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The FDIC has stated that this change is intended to raise the FDIC’s DIF reserve ratio to the minimum threshold within the FDIC’s