income.
Resale and repurchase agreements
Resale and repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized financing transactions with a receivable or payable recorded at their contractual amounts plus accrued interest. Schwab’s resale agreements are typically collateralized by U.S. government and agency securities and the receivable is included in cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes in the consolidated balance sheets. Securities received under resale agreements are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. Securities transferred to counterparties under repurchase agreements continue to be recognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets in the respective financial statement line item and at the respective measurement basis. Payables for repurchase agreements are included in short-term borrowings on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company monitors its collateral requirements under these agreements daily and collateral is adjusted to ensure full collateralization. Interest received or paid is recorded in interest revenue or interest expense, respectively. Schwab applies the practical expedient based on collateral maintenance provisions in estimating an allowance for credit losses for resale agreements.
Securities borrowed and securities loaned
Securities borrowing and lending transactions are accounted for as collateralized financing transactions. Securities borrowed transactions typically require Schwab to deliver cash to the lender in exchange for securities; the receivables from these
- 73 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
transactions are included in receivables from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations on the consolidated balance sheets. For securities loaned, Schwab typically receives collateral in the form of cash in an amount equal to or greater than the market value of securities loaned; the payables from these transactions are included in payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations on the consolidated balance sheets. In instances where the Company is acting as the lender and receives securities that can be sold or pledged as collateral, the Company recognizes the collateral received at fair value and the obligation to return the collateral in the consolidated balance sheets. The market value of securities borrowed and loaned is monitored and collateral is adjusted to ensure full collateralization. Fees received or paid are recorded in interest revenue or interest expense. Schwab applies the practical expedient based on collateral maintenance provisions in estimating an allowance for credit losses for securities borrowed receivables.
Bank loans and related allowance for loan losses
Bank loans held for investments are recorded at amortized cost, which is comprised of the contractual principal amounts adjusted for unamortized