testing, and make regular quantitative and qualitative public disclosures.
CSC
is subject to the rule
and the related Market Risk Rule required disclosures
.
CSC began incorporating market risk capital for the period ending December 31, 2022, and while CSC is required to make adjustments to its
- 7 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
risk-weighted assets related to de minimis positions, those adjustments have not significantly impacted our risk-based capital ratios nor have they had a current impact on CSC’s activities.
The U.S. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) rule is designed to promote resiliency of the banking sector by requiring that certain large U.S. banking organizations (Covered Companies) maintain a liquidity risk profile which ensures that they have sufficient High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA), such as central bank reserves, certain government securities, and eligible corporate debt that can be converted easily and quickly to cash, to survive a significant stress event lasting 30 days. The LCR rule requires Covered Companies, including Schwab, to maintain an amount of HQLA that are unencumbered and controlled by the Covered Company’s liquidity management function sufficient to meet a designated percentage of their total stressed net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period, as calculated in accordance with the LCR rule. Schwab is subject to the LCR and public disclosure requirement on a consolidated basis. On a quarterly basis the Company is required to disclose the average daily LCR over the quarter, and the Company also discloses quantitative and qualitative information over certain portions of the Company’s LCR components. Under the LCR rule, Schwab is required to maintain HQLA to cover 100% of the total stressed net cash outflows on a daily basis. In addition, HQLA that are held at the Company’s bank subsidiaries in excess of the subsidiaries’ total net cash outflows, and are not transferable to non-bank affiliates, are excluded by rule from the Company’s eligible HQLA.
The final Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) rule was jointly adopted by the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the FDIC to strengthen the resilience of large bank and savings and loan holding companies by requiring them to maintain a minimum level of stable funding based on the liquidity characteristics of the holding company’s assets, commitments, and derivative exposures over a one-year time horizon. The requirement is expressed as a ratio of a banking organization’s available stable funding (ASF) to its required stable funding (RSF). Under the NSFR rule, CSC and our banking subsidiaries are required to maintain ASF in an amount equal to 100% of its RSF on an ongoing, daily basis. CSC is also required to publicly disclose its quarterly NSFR on a semi-annual basis.
Capital Stress Testing
Under the current Federal Reserve capital stress testing rules, savings and loan holding companies that are Category III banking