settlement remains pending with the court.
Ford Order Routing Litigation
: On September 15, 2014, Ameritrade Holding, TD Ameritrade, Inc. and its former CEO, Frederick J. Tomczyk, were sued in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nebraska on behalf of a putative class of TD Ameritrade, Inc. clients alleging that defendants sought to seek best execution and made misrepresentations and omissions regarding its order routing practices. Plaintiff seeks unspecified damages and injunctive and other relief. On September 14, 2018, the District Court granted plaintiff’s motion for class certification, and defendants petitioned for an immediate appeal of the
- 98 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
District Court’s class certification decision. On April 23, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit, issued a decision reversing the District Court’s certification of a class and remanding the case back to the District Court for further proceedings. Plaintiff renewed his motion for class certification, which the District Court granted on September 20, 2022. Defendants appealed, and in a decision filed on September 3, 2024, the Court of Appeals again reversed the District Court’s certification of a class. Plaintiff is now pursuing his claims individually in arbitration. The likelihood such claims would be material to the financial condition, operating results, or cash flows of the Company is remote.
Other Matters
: Certain of the Company’s registered subsidiaries have been responding to inquiries from the SEC and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in relation to a publicly reported, industry-wide sweep related to record retention and the use of unauthorized messaging channels. The Company had accrued an immaterial amount in anticipation of a settlement with the SEC to resolve its inquiry, which was finalized and announced on January 13, 2025. The likelihood any outcome in the CFTC inquiry would be material to the financial condition, operating results, or cash flows of the Company is remote.
16.
Exit and Other Related Liabilities
Integration of Ameritrade
The Company completed its acquisition of Ameritrade effective October 6, 2020 and integration work concluded during 2024, including completion of the final client transition group from the Ameritrade broker-dealers to CS&Co in May and, thereafter, completion of overall integration work including decommissioning of duplicative platforms. The Company incurred acquisition and integration-related costs including professional fees, compensation and benefits expenses for employees and contractors involved in the integration work, and costs for technology enhancements. The Company also incurred exit and other related costs to attain anticipated synergies, which are primarily comprised of employee compensation and benefits such as severance pay, other termination