business activities, any of which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
While we maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations, violations could occur. In addition, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though systems and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violations were in place at the time. There may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. Such a finding may also damage our reputation and our relationships with our regulators and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities.
- 17 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Legislation or changes in rules and regulations could negatively affect our business and financial results.
New legislation, rules, regulations and guidance, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing federal, state, foreign and SRO rules, regulations and guidance, including changes relating to mutual funds, money market funds, standards of conduct with clients, conflicts of interest, regulatory treatment of deposit accounts, CRA, changes in required minimum capital and capital structure, and changes in equity market structure, including rules relating to order routing and order-related revenues, may directly affect our operations and profitability or our specific business lines. In recent years, the SEC has proposed a number of new rules, such as its equity market structure proposals, that would require sweeping changes in industry operations and practices, thereby increasing uncertainty for markets and investors. The U.S. federal banking agencies have recently proposed rules regarding regulatory capital and long-term debt, and compliance with these proposed rules may result in increased costs and reduce our net income. In addition, the FDIC recently proposed amending the brokered deposits framework setting forth its conditions for when broker-dealers, such as CS&Co, that place deposits with depository institutions through brokerage sweep arrangements qualify for the primary purpose exception from the definition of a deposit broker. Our profitability could also be affected by rules and regulations that impact the business and financial communities generally, including changes to the laws governing taxation, electronic commerce, client privacy and security of client data. In addition, the rules and regulations could result in limitations on the lines of business we conduct, modifications to our business practices, more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, increased deposit insurance assessments or additional costs and could limit our ability to return capital to stockholders. These changes may also require us to invest significant