measures to GAAP reported results.
Integration of Ameritrade
Over the course of five client transition groups in 2023 and 2024, we converted approximately $1.9 trillion in client assets across more than 17 million client accounts, including 7,000 RIAs, from Ameritrade to Schwab. In May 2024, the Company completed the conversion of the final client transition group from Ameritrade to the Schwab platform. In connection with these transitions, we experienced some expected attrition of client assets from retail accounts and RIAs, though such attrition was below our initial estimates when we announced the acquisition.
The integration of Ameritrade is now complete. Throughout the integration, the Company incurred total acquisition and integration-related costs and capital expenditures of approximately $2.5 billion. Acquisition and integration-related costs, which are inclusive of related exit costs, totaled $117 million, $401 million, and $392 million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Over the course of the integration, we realized annualized run-rate cost synergies of approximately $2.0 billion, with anticipated full-year synergy realization beginning in 2025. See also Results of Operations – Total Expenses Excluding Interest, Non-GAAP Financial Measures, and Item 8 – Note 16.
Other
In addition to cost synergies directly related to the integration of Ameritrade, the Company began taking incremental actions in 2023 to streamline its operations to prepare for post-integration, including through position eliminations and decreasing its real estate footprint. Through these actions, the Company has realized approximately $500 million of incremental run-rate cost savings in addition to integration synergies. In order to achieve these cost savings, the Company incurred total exit and related costs, primarily related to employee compensation and benefits and facility exit costs, of approximately $500 million. Actions under the plan have been completed as of December 31, 2024. Refer to Results of Operations – Total Expenses Excluding Interest, Non-GAAP Financial Measures, and Item 8 – Note 16 for additional information.
Subsequent Events
On February 12, 2025, the Company completed a secondary public offering of common shares through which TD Group US Holdings LLC, an affiliate of The Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD Bank), sold 133.8 million shares of the Company’s common stock and 31.7 million shares of the Company’s nonvoting common stock, which automatically converted into common stock, for an aggregate amount of $13.1 billion. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of shares. Subsequent to the completion of the secondary offering, the Company repurchased directly from TD Group US Holdings LLC 19.2 million shares of nonvoting common stock, which automatically converted into common stock, for an aggregate repurchase of $1.5 billion. The repurchase was completed under CSC’s share repurchase authorization. Through the completion of the