financial products. The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority over depository institutions with $10 billion or more in consolidated total assets.
Financial Services Regulation
Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 and USA PATRIOT Act of 2001
CSC and its subsidiaries that conduct financial services activities are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (BSA), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which requires financial institutions to develop and implement programs reasonably designed to achieve compliance with these regulations. The BSA and USA PATRIOT Act include a variety of monitoring, recordkeeping and reporting requirements (such as currency transaction reporting and suspicious activity reporting), as well as identity verification and client due diligence requirements which are intended to detect, report and/or prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. In addition, CSC and various subsidiaries of the Company are subject to U.S. sanctions programs administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control.
Broker-Dealer, Futures Commission Merchant (FCM), Forex Dealer Member (FDM), and Investment Advisor Regulation
Our principal broker-dealer subsidiary, CS&Co, is registered as a broker-dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC or Commission), the fifty states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. CS&Co, CSIM, and certain of our other subsidiaries are registered as investment advisors with the SEC. Charles Schwab Futures and Forex LLC (CSFF) is registered as an FCM and FDM with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC).
Much of the regulation of broker-dealers has been delegated to SROs. CS&Co is a member of FINRA and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB). In addition, CS&Co is a member of Nasdaq Stock Market, Cboe EDGX Exchange, Inc., and MEMX LLC. In addition to the SEC, the primary regulators of CS&Co are FINRA and, for municipal securities, the MSRB. The National Futures Association (NFA) is the primary regulator for CSFF’s futures, commodities, and forex trading activities.
The principal purpose of regulating these entities is the protection of clients and securities markets. The regulations cover all aspects of the securities business, including, among other things, sales and trading practices, publication of research, margin lending, uses and safekeeping of clients’ funds and securities, capital adequacy, recordkeeping and reporting, fee arrangements, order flow revenue from securities exchanges and market makers, disclosure to clients, fiduciary duties, and the conduct of directors, officers, and employees.
CS&Co is subject to Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Uniform Net Capital Rule) and related SRO requirements. The CFTC and NFA also impose net capital requirements. The Uniform Net Capital Rule specifies minimum capital requirements intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of