analyses assume both static and dynamically-sized balance sheet composition. Statically-sized balance sheet modeling assumes the asset and liability structure of the consolidated balance sheet would not be changed as a result of the simulated changes in interest rates. While this approach is useful to isolate the impact of changes in interest rates on a statically-sized asset and liability structure, it does not capture changes to client cash allocations. We therefore also conduct dynamically-sized balance sheet compositions as a function of interest rates. Dynamic net interest revenue simulations assume deposit and client credit balance runoff is supplemented with wholesale borrowing when needed to fund assets through the simulation horizon. We also conduct similar simulations on EVE to capture the impact of client cash allocation changes on our balance sheet. As we actively manage the consolidated balance sheet and interest rate exposure, we have taken and would typically seek to take steps to manage additional interest rate exposure that could result from changes in the interest rate environment.
The following table assumes a statically-sized balance sheet with simulated changes to net interest revenue over the next 12 months beginning December 31, 2024 and 2023 of a gradual increase or decrease in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates at the end of each reporting period:
- 48 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
The Company’s simulated incremental increases in market interest rates had a smaller impact on net interest revenue as of December 31, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, reflecting the impacts of hedging fixed-to-floating rate Senior Notes with receive-fixed-pay-floating interest rate swaps, resulting in higher interest expense in a higher rate environment, and lower cash balances held, partially offset by the benefit of a decreased allocation to shorter-term liabilities, which reduces interest expense in a higher rate environment. The Company’s simulated incremental decreases in market interest rates had a larger impact on net interest revenue as of December 31, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, primarily due to lower non-maturity deposit rates and a decreased allocation to shorter-term liabilities, both of which reduce interest expense savings in a lower rate environment, partially offset by interest expense savings from hedging fixed-to-floating rate Senior Notes.
Effective Duration
Effective duration measures price sensitivity relative to a change in prevailing interest rates, taking account of amortizing cash flows and prepayment optionality for mortgage-related securities and loans. Duration is measured in years and commonly interpreted as the average timing of principal and interest cash flows. We seek to manage the Company’s asset duration in relation to management’s