management structure, in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Retirement Business Services business unit was transferred from the Advisor Services segment to the Investor Services segment. Accordingly, amounts related to the Retirement Business Services business unit are included within Investor Services for full-year 2024, and prior-year amounts have been recast to reflect this new basis of segmentation.
26.
Earnings Per Common Share
EPS is computed using the two-class method. Preferred stock dividends, and undistributed earnings and dividends allocated to participating securities are subtracted from net income in determining net income available to common stockholders. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is calculated similar to basic EPS except that the numerator and denominator are adjusted as necessary for any effects of dilutive potential common shares, which include, if dilutive, outstanding stock options and non-vested restricted stock units.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company had voting and nonvoting common stock outstanding. Since the rights of the voting and nonvoting common stock are identical, except with respect to voting, the net income of the Company has been allocated on a proportionate basis to the
two
classes. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the treasury stock method for outstanding stock options and non-vested restricted stock units and the if-converted method for nonvoting common stock. The if-converted method assumes conversion of all nonvoting common stock to common stock.
- 118 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
EPS under the basic and diluted computations for both common stock and nonvoting common stock are as follows:
(1)
Includes preferred stock dividends and undistributed earnings and dividends allocated to non-vested restricted stock units.
(2)
Antidilutive stock options and restricted stock units excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS totaled
18
million,
19
million, and
15
million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
- 119 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
27.
The Charles Schwab Corporation – Parent Company Only Financial Statements
Condensed Statements of Income
(1)
Includes preferred stock dividends and undistributed earnings and dividends allocated to non-vested restricted stock units.
Condensed Balance Sheets
- 120 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
28.
Subsequent Events
On February 12, 2025,