for every employee to volunteer in his or her community. The Company offers a hybrid work and flexibility approach to work arrangements that is designed to balance the importance our employees place on workplace flexibility with the benefits of in-person interactions to train and learn from one another, build human connections, and maintain Schwab’s culture as we serve our clients.
We seek to build a workforce with a wide range of perspectives and experiences, which supports our strategy and helps us better serve our clients. We focus on attracting highly qualified talent with varied backgrounds and perspectives by maintaining a strong employer brand and expanding where and how we meet prospective employees. For Schwab employees, we support a number of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), which are employee-driven and provide support, leadership development opportunities, and connection. Our ERGs are open to all employees, are not limited by affiliation, and help us build an inclusive culture. Additionally, our leaders are responsible for creating an environment where all people can do their best work, and for fostering the development of high-performance teams that value the individual strengths of every employee. We regularly request feedback from our employees through surveys.
Available Information
Schwab files annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. The SEC filings are available to the public over the internet on the SEC’s website at
https://www.sec.gov
.
On our website,
https://www.aboutschwab.com
, we post the following filings after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, we post to the website the Dodd-Frank stress test results, our regulatory capital disclosures based on Basel III, our average LCR, and our average NSFR.
All such filings are available free of charge either on our website or by request via email (
investor.relations@schwab.com
), or mail (Charles Schwab Investor Relations at 3000 Schwab Way, Westlake, TX 76262).
- 11 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Item 1A.     Risk Factors
We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The following discussion addresses those risks that management believes are the most significant, although there may be other risks that could arise, or may prove to be more significant than expected, that may affect our operations or financial results.
For a discussion of our risk management governance and processes, including operational risk, compliance risk, credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk, see Risk Management and Capital Management in Part II – Item 7. For additional