valuations will be negatively affected by changes in demand and the underlying market for a financial instrument.
We are indirectly exposed to option, futures, and equity market fluctuations in connection with client option and futures accounts, securities collateralizing margin loans to brokerage customers, and client securities loaned out as part of the brokerage securities lending activities. Equity market valuations may also affect the level of brokerage client trading activity, margin borrowing, and overall client engagement with Schwab. Additionally, we earn mutual fund and ETF service fees and asset management fees based upon daily balances of certain client assets. Fluctuations in these client asset balances caused by changes in equity valuations directly impact the amount of fee revenue we earn.
Our market risk related to financial instruments held for trading is not material.
Net Interest Revenue Simulation
For our net interest revenue sensitivity analysis, we use net interest revenue simulation modeling techniques to evaluate and manage the effect of changing interest rates. The simulations include all balance sheet interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities, and include derivative instruments. Key assumptions include the projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, rates and balances of non-maturity client cash held on the balance sheet, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, repricing of financial instruments, and reinvestment of matured or paid-down securities and loans. We use independent third-party models to simulate net interest revenue sensitivity and related analyses. Fixed income analytical vendors provide term structure models, prepayment speed models for mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans, and cash flow projections based on interest income, contractual maturities, and prepayments. The Company’s net interest revenue sensitivity analyses utilize gradual parallel increases/decreases in interest rates over a twelve-month period, though we also regularly simulate the effects of non-parallel shifts and instantaneous shifts of interest rates on net interest revenue.
Net interest revenue is affected by various factors, such as the distribution and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the spread between yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, which may reprice at different times or by different amounts, and the spread between short- and long-term interest rates. Interest-earning assets include investment securities, margin loans, bank loans, and cash and cash equivalents. These assets are sensitive to changes in interest rates and changes in prepayment levels that tend to increase in a declining rate environment and decrease in a rising rate environment. Because we establish the rates paid on certain brokerage client cash balances and bank deposits and the rates charged on certain margin and bank loans, and