in over a three-year transition period, beginning July 1, 2025 (see Current Regulatory and Other Developments). In anticipation of the rules being adopted, the Company’s capital management for CSC (consolidated), CSB, and our other banking subsidiaries now incorporates measures that are inclusive of AOCI. During the second quarter of 2024, Schwab updated its long-term operating objective to be its consolidated adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of 6.75% - 7.00%. See below and Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information.
- 55 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Our banking subsidiaries are required to provide notice to, and may be required to obtain approval from, the Federal Reserve and the banking subsidiaries’ state regulators in order to declare and pay dividends to CSC. In future periods, we may be required to obtain approval from the Federal Reserve for our banking subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends in excess of the amount of recent net income and retained earnings.
As a broker-dealer, CS&Co is subject to regulatory requirements of the Uniform Net Capital Rule, which are intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers. These regulations prohibit our broker-dealer subsidiary from paying cash dividends, making unsecured advances and loans to CSC and employees, and repaying subordinated borrowings from CSC, if such payment would result in a net capital amount below prescribed thresholds. At December 31, 2024, CS&Co was in compliance with its net capital requirements.
In addition to the capital requirements above, Schwab’s subsidiaries are subject to other regulatory requirements intended to ensure financial soundness and liquidity. See Item 8 – Notes 20 and 24 for additional information on the components of stockholders’ equity and information on the capital requirements of significant subsidiaries and CSC (consolidated).
The following table details the capital ratios for CSC (consolidated) and CSB:
(1)
Changes in market interest rates can result in unrealized gains or losses on AFS securities, which are included in AOCI. As a Category III banking organization, CSC has elected to exclude most components of AOCI from regulatory capital.
The Company’s consolidated Tier 1 Leverage Ratio increased to 9.9% at December 31, 2024 from 8.5% at year-end 2023. This increase was due primarily to a decrease in the Company’s total assets and the benefit of net income earned during the year. Total balance sheet assets decreased $13.3 billion, or 3%, during 2024, primarily driven by decreases of $30.8 billion in total bank deposits and $9.7 billion in FHLB borrowings due to repayments, offset by an increase in payables to brokerage clients and payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations totaling $23.5 billion. CSB’s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio also increased from