the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting.
To qualify for hedge accounting, among other requirements, a derivative must be highly effective at reducing exposure to the hedged risk. The assessment of effectiveness is done for each hedging relationship at inception and on an ongoing basis. Depending on certain criteria, these assessments of effectiveness may be qualitative or quantitative. Schwab applies the “shortcut method” of hedge accounting for a portion of its fair value hedges, which assumes perfect effectiveness. Alternatively, when quantitative effectiveness assessments are required, the Company uses regression analysis.
For the Company’s fair value hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivatives and the changes in fair values of the hedged assets and liabilities attributable to benchmark interest rates (basis adjustments) are both recorded in interest revenue or interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. If the hedging relationship is terminated, any remaining basis adjustment is included in the carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability and amortized to interest revenue or interest expense over its remaining life as a yield adjustment. The Company does not amortize basis adjustments prior to termination of the hedging relationship.
Certain fair value hedges may be designated under the portfolio layer method (PLM) of hedge accounting, which allows the Company to hedge the interest rate risk of prepayable and non-prepayable financial assets by designating a stated amount of a closed portfolio that is expected to be outstanding for the designated hedge period (a hedged layer) as the hedged item. A PLM
- 77 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Option Price Amounts, Ratios, or as Noted)
hedging relationship may include multiple hedged layers. If at any point during the hedge period the aggregate amount of the hedged layers exceeds the amount of the closed portfolio (i.e., a breach of the hedged layer(s) has occurred) or is expected to exceed the amount of the closed portfolio at a future date during the hedge period (i.e., a breach of the hedged layer is anticipated), the PLM hedging relationship must be fully or partially terminated to cure the breach or anticipated breach. Basis adjustments for active PLM hedges are maintained at the closed portfolio level and are only allocated to individual assets remaining in the closed portfolio when the hedging relationship is terminated, except for any portion of the basis adjustment related to a breach of the hedged layer(s) that has occurred, which is recognized in interest revenue immediately. Allocated PLM basis adjustments are included in the amortized cost of the hedged assets and amortized to interest revenue over their respective remaining lives as a yield adjustment.
For the Company’s cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the