their total assets, cross-jurisdictional activity, weighted short-term wholesale funding, nonbank assets, and off-balance sheet exposure. CSC is generally subject to the requirements under Category III based on its total consolidated assets of between $250 billion and less than $700 billion and having less than $75 billion in cross-jurisdictional activity. If the average of our total consolidated assets for the four most recent calendar quarters is $700 billion or more, or the average of our cross-jurisdictional activity for the four most recent calendar quarters is $75 billion or more, we will move into Category II. As of December 31, 2024, CSC had total consolidated assets of approximately $480 billion and cross-jurisdictional activity of approximately $27 billion.
Capital requirements for Category III banking organizations include the generally applicable risk-based capital and Tier 1 leverage ratio requirements (the “standardized approach” framework), the minimum 3.0% supplementary leverage ratio, the stress capital buffer (CSC), the capital conservation buffer (banking subsidiaries), and the countercyclical capital buffer, which is currently 0%. As a large savings and loan holding company, CSC is subject to the stress capital buffer requirement, which applies to risk-based capital ratios (Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital, and Total Capital). Under the currently applicable capital requirements, Category III organizations are not subject to the “advanced approaches” regulatory capital framework and are permitted to opt out of including most components of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) in their regulatory capital calculations. CSC made this opt out election and excludes most components of AOCI from its regulatory capital. Category II organizations are not permitted to opt out of including AOCI in their regulatory capital calculations and have additional requirements for calculating risk-based capital ratios and risk-weighted assets.
In July 2023, the Federal Reserve, together with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC, issued a notice of proposed rulemaking with amendments to the regulatory capital rules. Among other things, the proposed rules would require us to include AOCI in regulatory capital
and
to calculate our risk-weighted assets using a revised risk-based approach, a component of which is based on operational risk
,
phased in over a three-year transition period
. See
Part II – Item 7 – Current Regulatory and Other Developments and Part II – Item 7 – Capital Management for additional information on these proposed regulatory changes.
Certain banking organizations with trading assets and trading liabilities above certain thresholds or greater than a certain percent of total assets are subject to the Market Risk Rule and must adjust their risk-based capital ratios to reflect a measure of market risk of their trading activities, perform calculations to measure market risk, including back-