performance of the Company, and facilitate meaningful comparison of Schwab’s results in the current period to both historic and future results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies.
Schwab’s use of non-GAAP measures is reflective of certain adjustments made to GAAP financial measures as described below. Beginning in the third quarter of 2023, these adjustments also include restructuring costs, which the Company began incurring in connection with its previously announced plans to streamline its operations to prepare for post-integration of Ameritrade. See Item 8 – Note 16 for additional information.
The Company also uses adjusted diluted EPS and return on tangible common equity as components of performance criteria for employee bonus and certain executive management incentive compensation arrangements. The Compensation Committee of CSC’s Board of Directors maintains discretion in evaluating performance against these criteria. Additionally, the Company uses adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio in managing capital, including its use of the measure as its long-term operating objective.
- 60 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
The following tables present reconciliations of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures:
(1)
Acquisition and integration-related costs for 2024 primarily consist of $54 million of compensation and benefits, $36 million of professional services, and $19 million of depreciation and amortization. Acquisition and integration-related costs for 2023 primarily consist of $187 million of compensation and benefits, $135 million of professional services, $28 million of occupancy and equipment, and $27 million of other expense. Acquisition and integration-related costs for 2022 primarily consist of $220 million of compensation and benefits, $140 million of professional services, and $21 million of occupancy and equipment.
(2)
Restructuring costs for 2024 reflect a change in estimate of $34 million in compensation and benefits, offset by $5 million of occupancy and equipment and $37 million of other expense. Restructuring costs for 2023 primarily consist of $292 million of compensation and benefits, $17 million of occupancy and equipment, and $181 million of other expense. There were no restructuring costs for 2022.
With the Ameritrade integration and restructuring programs complete as of December 31, 2024, non-GAAP adjustments to total expenses excluding interest in 2025 are anticipated to be solely comprised of amortization of acquired intangible assets, which is estimated to be $512 million for 2025.
(1)
The income tax effects of the non-GAAP adjustments are determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of