CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
be required to issue internally to CSC. The proposed rule would be phased-in over a three-year transition period. The comment period for the proposed rule ended on January 16, 2024 and the rule proposal is subject to further modification. The proposed rule could have a significant impact on the amount of debt that CSC and our banking subsidiaries are required to maintain.
In July 2023, the U.S. federal banking agencies issued a notice of proposed rulemaking with amendments to the regulatory capital rules. Among other things, the proposed rules would require us to include AOCI in regulatory capital and to calculate our risk-weighted assets using a revised risk-based approach, a component of which is based on operational risk, phased in over a three-year transition period beginning July 1, 2025 and ending July 1, 2028. The comment period for the proposed rules ended on January 16, 2024. The impact of the proposal would be significant to Schwab, as the proposed rules could increase regulatory capital requirements for consolidated CSC and our banking subsidiaries. In anticipation of the rules being adopted, the Company’s capital management for consolidated CSC and our banking subsidiaries now incorporates measures that are inclusive of AOCI. See Capital Management for additional information.
In November 2022, the SEC proposed a rule which, among other provisions, would have required substantial changes to the liquidity risk management programs for open-end mutual funds other than money market funds (funds), including implementation of “swing pricing” adjustments to net asset value (NAV) upon exceeding a 2% redemption threshold; and a daily “hard close” on the acceptance of purchase and redemption orders for pricing at that day’s NAV. In August 2024, the SEC adopted portions of the proposed rule but declined to adopt the requirements for swing pricing and a hard close. We do not expect the rule as adopted to have a material impact to the Company’s business, financial condition, or results of operations.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Total Net Revenues
The following table presents a comparison of revenue by category:
(1)
Managed investing solutions was formerly referred to as “Advice solutions”.
- 33 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Net Interest Revenue
Schwab’s primary interest-earning assets include cash and cash equivalents; cash and investments segregated; margin loans, which constitute the majority of receivables from brokerage clients; investment securities; and bank loans. Schwab’s interest-bearing liabilities are comprised of bank deposits, which include brokered CDs issued by CSB; payables to brokerage clients; payables to brokers, dealers,