and providing superior service. We also aim to offer a broad range of products and solutions to meet client needs with a focus on transparency, value, and trust. In addition, management works to couple Schwab’s scale and resources with ongoing expense discipline to keep costs low and ensure that products and solutions are affordable as well as responsive to client needs. In combination, these are the key elements of our “no trade-offs” approach to serving investors. We believe that following this strategy is the best way to maximize our market valuation and stockholder returns over time.
Management estimates that investable wealth in the United States (U.S.) (consisting of assets in defined contribution, retail wealth management and brokerage, and registered investment advisor channels, along with bank deposits) currently exceeds $70 trillion, which means the Company’s $9.93 trillion in client assets leaves substantial opportunity for growth. Our strategy is based on the principle that developing trusted relationships will translate into more assets from both new and existing clients, ultimately driving more revenue, and along with expense discipline and thoughtful capital management, will generate earnings growth and build long-term stockholder value.
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (2024 Form 10-K).
On our website,
https://www.aboutschwab.com
, we post the following filings after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC or Commission): annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, we post to the website the Dodd-Frank stress test results, our regulatory capital disclosures based on Basel III, our average liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), and our average net stable funding ratio (NSFR). The SEC maintains a website at
https://www.sec.gov
that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information that we file electronically with the Commission.
-  1  -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “prioritize,” “will,” “may,” “estimate,” “appear,” “could,” “would,” “maintain,” “continue,” “seek,” and other similar expressions. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, strategy, objectives, projections,