and clearing organizations; FHLB borrowings, other short-term borrowings (e.g., commercial paper, repurchase agreements, other secured borrowings); and long-term debt. Schwab deploys the funds from these sources into the assets outlined above. Net interest revenue also includes amounts earned and expenses incurred on securities lending and borrowing activities conducted by our broker-dealer subsidiary using assets held in client brokerage accounts.
As Schwab builds its client base, we attract new client sweep cash, which is a primary driver of funding balance sheet growth. We do not use short-term, wholesale borrowings to support our long-term investment activity, but may use such funding for short-term liquidity purposes or to provide temporary funding as we have in recent years. Non-interest-bearing funding sources include stockholders’ equity, certain client cash balances, and other miscellaneous liabilities.
Revenue on interest-earning assets is affected by various factors, such as the composition of assets, prevailing interest rates and spreads at the time of origination or purchase, changes in interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, floating-rate securities and loans, and changes in prepayment levels for mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and loans. Schwab establishes the rates paid on client-related liabilities, and management expects that it will generally adjust the rates paid on these liabilities at some fraction of any movement in short-term rates. Interest expense on long-term debt, FHLB borrowings, other short-term borrowings, and other funding sources is impacted by market interest rates at the time of borrowing and changes in interest rates on floating-rate liabilities. See also Risk Management – Market Risk.
Interest rates increased significantly beginning late in the first quarter of 2022 through the third quarter of 2023. Short-term rates were near zero until the Federal Reserve began an aggressive tightening cycle in March 2022, ultimately increasing the federal funds target overnight rate eleven times between March 2022 and July 2023 for a total increase of 525 basis points. The Federal Reserve maintained the upper bound of the target overnight rate at 5.50% through most of 2024 before reducing the rate by 50 basis points during the third quarter and another 50 basis points across two cuts during the fourth quarter of 2024. Long-term rates increased throughout 2022 and 2023, generally at a slower pace, thus leading to an inverted yield curve. Long-term rates continued to increase during 2024, primarily in the fourth quarter of 2024 while short-term rates declined, resulting in an upward sloping yield curve as of year-end 2024.
Average interest-earning assets decreased $45.6 billion in 2024 from 2023; however, Schwab saw strong client demand for margin and bank lending, which grew by 34% and 12%, respectively. Even as higher interest rates continued for much of the year, the pace of clients’ reallocation of