estimate of the Company’s liability duration. The Company’s liability duration is impacted by the composition of funding sources, and typically decreases in periods of rising market interest rates and increases in periods of declining market interest rates. The Company also utilizes derivative hedging instruments such as interest rate swaps in managing its asset and liability duration.
The following table presents the Company’s estimated effective durations, which reflects anticipated future payments, by category:
(1)
See Item 8 – Note 17 for additional discussion on the Company’s derivatives.
(2)
In the fourth quarter of 2024, Schwab executed $15.0 billion of receive-fixed swaps on CSC’s Senior Notes to reduce interest expense exposure in a lower interest rate environment.
AFS and HTM securities comprised approximately 48% and 54% of the Company’s consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The estimated effective duration of the remaining balance sheet assets in aggregate was less than one year as of both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Economic Value of Equity Simulation
Management also uses EVE simulations to measure interest rate risk. EVE sensitivity measures the long-term impact of interest rate changes on the net present value of assets and liabilities, and includes the impact of derivative instruments. While EVE does not have a direct accounting relationship, the measure aims to capture a theoretical value of assets and liabilities under a variety of interest rate environments. EVE is calculated by subjecting the balance sheet to hypothetical instantaneous shifts in the level of interest rates. This analysis is highly dependent upon asset and liability assumptions based on historical behaviors. Key assumptions in our EVE calculation include projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, term structure models of interest rates, behavior of non-maturity client cash held on the balance sheet, and pricing assumptions. We use both proprietary and independent third-party models to simulate EVE sensitivity and related analyses. We develop and maintain client credits and deposits run-off models internally based on historical experience and prevailing client cash realignment behaviors. We rely on third-party models for interest rate term structure modeling, prepayment speed modeling for mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans, and cash flow projections based on interest income, and contractual maturities.
- 49 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Schwab’s EVE profile is characterized by a more stable asset duration relative to liabilities in both higher and lower interest rate environments. Currently, the EVE exposure to rates increasing or decreasing in a similar magnitude shows that there is greater exposure to rates