and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include money market funds, deposits with banks, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, and U.S. Treasury securities. Cash and cash equivalents also include balances that our banking subsidiaries maintain at the Federal Reserve.
Cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes
Pursuant to the Customer Protection Rule and other applicable regulations, Schwab maintains cash or qualified securities in segregated reserve accounts for the exclusive benefit of clients. Cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes include resale agreements, certificates of deposit, and U.S. government securities. See Resale and repurchase agreements below in this Note 2 for further information on the resale agreements. Certificates of deposit and U.S. government securities are recorded at fair value and unrealized gains and losses are included in earnings.
Receivables from brokerage clients
Receivables from brokerage clients include margin loans and other trading receivables from brokerage clients. Margin loans are collateralized by client securities and are carried at the amount receivable, net of an allowance for credit losses. Collateral is required to be maintained at specified minimum levels at all times. The Company monitors margin levels and requires clients to provide additional collateral, or reduce margin positions, to meet minimum collateral requirements if the fair value of the collateral changes. Schwab applies the practical expedient based on collateral maintenance provisions under ASC 326
Financial Instruments – Credit Losses
(ASC 326), in estimating an allowance for credit losses for margin loans. This practical expedient can be applied for financial assets with collateral maintenance provisions requiring the borrower to continually adjust the amount of the collateral securing the financial assets as a result of fair value changes in the collateral. In accordance with the practical expedient, when the Company reasonably expects that borrowers (or counterparties, as applicable) will replenish the collateral as required, there is no expectation of credit losses when the collateral’s fair value is greater than the amortized cost of the financial asset. If the amortized cost exceeds the fair value of collateral, then credit losses are estimated only on the unsecured portion. An allowance for credit losses on unsecured or partially secured receivables from brokerage clients is estimated based on the aging of those receivables. Unsecured balances due to confirmed fraud are reserved immediately. The Company’s policy is to charge off any unsecured margin loans, including the accrued interest on such loans, no later than at 90 days past due. Accrued interest charged off is recognized as credit loss expense and is included in other expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Clients with margin loans have agreed to allow Schwab to pledge collateralized