procedural status of the matter and any recent developments; prior experience and the experience of others in similar cases; available defenses, including potential opportunities to dispose of a case on the merits or procedural grounds before trial (e.g., motions to dismiss or for summary judgment); the progress of fact discovery; the opinions of counsel and experts regarding potential damages; and potential opportunities for settlement and the status of any settlement discussions. It may not be reasonably possible to estimate a range of potential liability until the matter is closer to resolution – pending, for example, further proceedings, the outcome of key motions or appeals, or discussions among the parties. Numerous issues may have to be developed, such as discovery of important factual matters and determination of threshold legal issues, which may include novel or unsettled questions of law. Reserves are established or adjusted or further disclosure and estimates of potential loss are provided as the matter progresses and more information becomes available.
Schwab believes it has strong defenses in all significant matters currently pending and is contesting liability and any damages claimed. Nevertheless, some of these matters may result in adverse judgments or awards, including penalties, injunctions or other relief, and the Company may also determine to settle a matter because of the uncertainty and risks of litigation. Described below are matters in which there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss could be incurred or where the matter may otherwise be of significant interest to stockholders. Unless otherwise noted, the Company is unable to provide a reasonable estimate of any potential liability given the stage of proceedings in the matter. With respect to all other pending matters, based on current information and consultation with counsel, it does not appear reasonably possible that the outcome of any such matter would be material to the financial condition, operating results, or cash flows of the Company.
Corrente Antitrust Litigation
: On June 6, 2022, CSC was sued in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas on behalf of a putative class of customers who purchased or sold securities through CS&Co or TD Ameritrade, Inc. from October 26, 2020 to the present. The lawsuit alleges that CSC’s acquisition of Ameritrade violated Section 7 of the Clayton Act because it has resulted in an anticompetitive market for the execution of retail customer orders. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, as well as injunctive and other relief. A motion by the Company to dismiss the lawsuit was denied by the court on February 24, 2023. On December 12, 2024, the parties filed a joint stipulation proposing a settlement of the lawsuit on a class basis under which defendants would commit to certain non-monetary undertakings and payments of plaintiffs’ attorneys’ fees and costs in an amount that would be immaterial. Approval of the