The dividend rate for Series G, Series I, and Series K resets on each
five-year
anniversary from the first reset date.
(3)
The dividend rate for Series H resets on each
ten-year
anniversary from the first reset date.
(4)
The reset/floating-rate for Series F will be determined by the calculation agent prior to the commencement of the floating-rate period using what the calculation agent determines to be the industry-accepted substitute or successor base rate to LIBOR.
N/A Not applicable.
Dividends declared on the Company’s preferred stock are as follows:
(1)
Dividends paid quarterly.
(2)
Dividends paid semi-annually until December 1, 2027 and quarterly thereafter.
- 56 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
15.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
AOCI represents cumulative gains and losses that are not reflected in earnings. AOCI balances and the components of other comprehensive income (loss) are as follows:
(1)
Tax expense (benefit) was less than $
500
thousand.
As of March 31, 2025, the total remaining unamortized loss on securities transferred from AFS to HTM included in AOCI was $
9.3
billion net of tax effect ($
12.2
billion pre-tax). This loss is being amortized over the remaining lives of the securities, offsetting amortization of the securities’ premiums or discounts, and resulting in no impact to net income.
16.
Earnings Per Common Share
As described in Note 14, TD Bank disposed of all of its common shares of CSC during the first quarter of 2025, including its holdings of nonvoting common stock. As of February 12, 2025, the Company had
no
remaining nonvoting common stock outstanding and accordingly,
no
dividends were paid on nonvoting common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
For the computations of basic and diluted EPS, undistributed net income of the Company was allocated on a proportionate basis to the voting and nonvoting common stock, as the distribution rights of the two classes were identical. Diluted EPS was calculated using the treasury stock method for outstanding stock options and non-vested restricted stock units and the if-converted method for the nonvoting common stock, which assumed conversion of all outstanding nonvoting common stock to common stock. For further details surrounding the EPS computations, see Item 8 – Note 26 in the 2024 Form 10-K.
- 57 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data, Ratios, or as Noted)
(Unaudited)
The computations of basic and diluted EPS for common stock and nonvoting common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(1)
Includes preferred stock dividends and undistributed earnings and dividends allocated to non-vested restricted stock units.
(2)
Antidilutive stock options and restricted stock units excluded from the