been subleased to third parties. Our corporate headquarters, data centers, offices, and service centers support both of our segments.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had more than 380 domestic branch offices in 48 states and the District of Columbia, as well as locations in Puerto Rico, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, and Singapore. Substantially all branch offices are located in leased premises.
Item 3.     Legal Proceedings
For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Part II – Item 8 – Note 15.
Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
- 21 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
PART II
Item 5.      Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters,
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
CSC’s common stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SCHW. The number of common stockholders of record as of February 12, 2025, was 4,341. The closing market price per share on that date was $82.28.
The following graph shows a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns for CSC’s common stock, the S&P 500
®
, and the Dow Jones U.S. Investment Services Index, each of which assumes an initial investment of $100 and reinvestment of dividends.
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
For information relating to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance, see Item 8 – Note 22 and Part III – Item 12.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
On July 27, 2022, CSC publicly announced that its Board of Directors terminated its prior repurchase authorization and replaced it with an authorization to repurchase up to $15.0 billion of common stock. The authorization does not have an expiration date. See also Item 8 – Note 20.
- 22 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
The following table summarizes purchases made by or on behalf of CSC of its common stock for each calendar month in the fourth quarter of 2024 (in millions, except number of shares, which are in thousands, and per share amounts):
(1)
Includes restricted shares withheld (under the terms of grants under employee stock incentive plans) to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of restricted shares. CSC may receive shares delivered or attested to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations by employees who exercise stock options granted under employee stock incentive plans, which are commonly referred to as stock swap exercises.
N/A Not applicable.
Item 6.     Reserved
- 23 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the