primarily earned from proprietary money market mutual funds, proprietary and third-party mutual funds and ETFs, and fee-based advisory solutions.
Trading revenue includes commissions earned for executing trades for clients in certain individual equities, options, futures, fixed income securities, and certain third-party mutual funds and ETFs; order flow revenue; and principal transactions revenue earned primarily from actions to support client trading in fixed income securities.
Bank deposit account fees are primarily recognized pursuant to the Company’s IDA agreement with the TD Depository Institutions. Under the IDA agreement, uninvested cash within eligible brokerage client accounts is swept off-balance sheet to deposit accounts at the TD Depository Institutions. Schwab provides recordkeeping and support services to the TD Depository Institutions for bank deposit account fees.
Regulation
As a participant in the securities, banking and financial services industries, Schwab is subject to extensive regulation under both federal and state laws by governmental agencies, supervisory authorities, and self-regulatory organizations (SROs). We are also subject to oversight by regulatory bodies in other countries in which we operate. These regulations affect our business operations and impose capital, client protection, and market conduct requirements.
Holding Company and Bank Regulation
CSC is a savings and loan holding company and is regulated, supervised, and examined by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve). CSC has elected to be treated as a Financial Holding Company (FHC) by the Federal Reserve. In addition to the activities that a savings and loan holding company that has not elected to be treated as an FHC is permitted to conduct, an FHC may also engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity (FHC Activities), including underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities, various insurance underwriting activities, and making merchant banking investments in non-financial companies.
The Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC’s ability to conduct otherwise permissible FHC Activities if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet the applicable eligibility requirements, including requirements that the FHC and each of its depository institution subsidiaries maintain their status as “well-capitalized” and “well-managed.” If the Federal Reserve finds that an FHC fails to meet these requirements, the FHC and its subsidiaries may not commence any new FHC Activity, either de novo or through an acquisition, without prior Federal Reserve approval. The Federal Reserve may also impose any additional limitations or conditions on the conduct or activities of the FHC or any of its subsidiaries as it deems appropriate. If the FHC still fails to satisfy the applicable eligibility requirements 180 days after the Federal Reserve’s finding, the agency