account transitions, and annual merit increases, partially offset by lower incentive compensation. Regulatory fees and assessments increased in both segments, primarily due to an FDIC special assessment recorded during the fourth quarter of 2023 and higher FDIC deposit insurance assessments as described above. Other expenses were also higher for both segments, primarily driven by impairment of certain leased corporate offices related to restructuring and Ameritrade integration. Depreciation and amortization increased for both segments primarily due to higher amortization of purchased and internally developed software and higher depreciation of hardware, driven by capital expenditures in 2022 and 2023 to enhance our technological infrastructure to support the Ameritrade integration and growth of the business.
RISK MANAGEMENT
Schwab’s business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, compliance, credit, market, and liquidity risks. The Company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. Our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk response, risk measurement and monitoring, and risk reporting and escalation. We use periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and our internal audit department performs evaluations of our risk management processes and controls.
Culture
A fundamental commitment to strong and effective risk management is core to Schwab’s business strategy. Risk management is an integrated and foundational part of our culture and a duty of every employee. The Board of Directors has approved an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework that incorporates our purpose, vision, and values, which form the bedrock of our corporate culture and set the tone for the organization. We designed the ERM Framework to enable a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered by Schwab in its business activities. The ERM Framework incorporates key concepts commensurate with the size, risk profile, complexity, and continuing growth of the Company. While all personnel are responsible for risk management, the Company’s risk appetite, which is defined as the amount of risk the Company is willing to accept in pursuit of its corporate strategy, is developed by executive management and approved by the Board of Directors.
The Company’s “Through Clients’ Eyes” strategy guides our actions and behaviors at Schwab, and informs our corporate culture, our risk appetite, and approach to risk management. Schwab is committed to the highest standards of ethical conduct and
- 43 -
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)
compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics outlines the ethical