connection with our operations and solutions, which could disrupt and adversely affect our business.
Our operating results are subject to seasonal fluctuations.
Our merchant solutions revenues are directionally correlated with the level of GMV that merchants facilitate through our platform. Our merchants typically process additional GMV during the fourth quarter holiday season. As a result, we have historically generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarter than in other quarters. However, our continued growth has partially masked seasonal trends to date. In connection with expected continued growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our business may become more seasonal in the future and that historical patterns in our business may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance. Fluctuations in quarterly results may adversely affect the predictability of our business and the price of our Class A subordinate voting shares.
35
Table of C
ontents
Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may negatively affect our results of operations.
While most of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars, a significant portion of our operating expenses are incurred in Canadian dollars. As a result, our results of operations will be adversely impacted by an increase in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. The value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar has varied significantly in the past and investors are cautioned that past and current foreign exchange rates are not indicative of future foreign exchange rates. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may also affect our merchant solutions. For example, we generate revenue through Shopify Payments in the local currency of the country in which the applicable merchant is located. As a result, we will be further exposed to foreign currency fluctuations to the extent non-U.S. dollar revenues from Shopify Payments increase. As our operations continue to expand internationally, we may observe additional risk in other foreign currencies as a result of offering local currency billing options and additional operating expenses.
We are dependent upon buyers’ and merchants’ continued and unimpeded access to the internet, and upon their willingness to use the internet for commerce.
Our success depends upon the general public’s ability to access the internet and its continued willingness to use the internet as a means to pay for purchases, communicate, access social media, research and conduct commercial transactions, including through mobile devices. The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including changes to laws or regulations impacting internet neutrality, or restrictions imposed by companies with significant market power in the broadband and internet marketplace could decrease the demand for our products, increase our operating costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business.