favorable to us or at all.
63
Table of C
ontents
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities increased by $471 million to $5.5 billion as of December 31, 2024 from $5.0 billion as of December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of cash provided by our operations partially offset by the purchase and origination of loans, net of repayments and the purchase of equity and other investments. Cash equivalents and marketable securities include money market funds, term deposits, U.S. federal bonds and agency securities and corporate bonds and commercial paper, all maturing within the 12 months from December 31, 2024.
The following table summarizes our total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as well as our operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
(1)
Excludes $709 million and $115 million of marketable securities classified in "Long-term Investments" as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Cash Flows From Operating Activities
Our largest source of operating cash is from merchant solutions. Within merchant solutions, the largest source of cash flows are Shopify Payments processing fee arrangements, which are received on a daily basis as transactions are processed. We also generate significant cash flows from our subscription solutions with subscription revenues. These payments are typically paid to us at the beginning of the applicable subscription period, except for our Shopify Plus merchants who typically pay us at the end of their monthly billing cycle.
Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for third-party payment processing fees, employee-related expenditures, marketing programs and outsourced hosting costs.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was primarily the result of operating income, once adjusted for non-cash items, slightly offset by a use of cash due to an increase in non-cash working capital.
Cash Flows From Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2024 was driven by $939 million used for purchases of marketable securities, net of maturities, $464 million used for purchases and originations of loans, net of repayments and sales, $137 million used for purchases of equity and other investments, $30 million used in acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired and $19 million used to purchase property and equipment, which consisted mainly of leasehold improvements and computer equipment.
64
Table of C
ontents
Cash Flows From Financing Activities
Net cash provided by financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2024 was driven by proceeds from the issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted multiple voting shares as a result of stock options exercises.
Contractual Obligations
Our principal commitments consist of our Notes and obligations under our operating leases for office,