investment in the
14
Table of Contents
company and the underlying equity in the net assets of the investee. Results are reported with a one-quarter delay due to the timing of financial information availability from the investee. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, our share of the loss in the investee was $
23
million (March 31, 2024 - $
44
million), and is presented within "Net loss on equity method investment" in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
Derivative Instruments and Hedging
As of March 31, 2025, the Company held foreign exchange forward contracts and options for USD, GBP, Australian dollars ("AUD") and CAD with a total notional value of $
504
million (December 31, 2024 - $
454
million), to fund a portion of its operations. The fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts and options was based upon Level 2 inputs, which included period-end mid-market quotations for each underlying contract as calculated by the financial institution with which the Company has transacted. The quotations are based on bid/ask quotations and represent the discounted future settlement amounts based on current market rates.
Derivative Instruments Designated as Hedges
The Company has a hedging program to mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on future cash flows and earnings. Under this program, the Company has entered into foreign exchange forward contracts and options with certain financial institutions and designated those hedges as cash flow hedges. The Company is hedging cash flows associated with payroll and facility costs.
The fair values of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows:
Unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts and options designated as cash flow hedges were as follows:
These unrealized gains and losses were included in "Accumulated other comprehensive loss", "Other current assets" and "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. These amounts are expected to be reclassified into earnings over the next twelve months.
Realized losses related to the maturity of foreign exchange forward contracts and options designated as cash flow hedges were as follows:
15
Table of Contents
Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedges
The Company holds an investment option to purchase
15,743,174
of Series B common shares of Klaviyo, Inc. at an exercise price of $
88.93
with an expiration date of July 28, 2030. The options are fair valued quarterly under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as certain unobservable inputs are used within the Black-Scholes model as well as a discount for lack of marketability. The fair value of the options as of March 31, 2025, utilizing a discount for lack of marketability of
29
%, was $
118
million (December 31, 2024 -
29
% and $
204
million) and is presented within "Equity and other investments" in the condensed consolidated balance