management more difficult, particularly in the event that we issue preferred shares with special voting rights. Issuances of preferred shares, or the perception that such issuances may occur, could cause the trading price of our Class A subordinate voting shares to drop.
In addition, provisions in the CBCA and in our restated articles of incorporation and by-laws may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in our senior management, including provisions that:
•
require that any action to be taken by our shareholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent;
•
establish an advance notice procedure for shareholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors; and
•
require the approval of a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or by proxy in order to amend certain provisions of our restated articles of incorporation, including, in some circumstances, by separate class votes of holders of our Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted voting shares.
Furthermore, the indenture governing the Notes prohibits us from engaging in certain consolidations, mergers, amalgamations, arrangements, binding share exchanges or transfers or leases of all or substantially all of our assets unless, among other things, the resulting or surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Notes.
These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our shareholders to launch a proxy contest or replace or remove our current senior management by making it more difficult for shareholders to replace members of our Board of Directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our senior management. Any of these provisions could have the effect of delaying, preventing or deferring a change in control which could limit the opportunity for our Class A subordinate voting shareholders to receive a
42
Table of C
ontents
premium for their Class A subordinate voting shares, and could also affect the price that investors are willing to pay for Class A subordinate voting shares.
Our restated articles of incorporation permits us to issue an unlimited number of Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted voting shares.
Our restated articles of incorporation permit us to issue an unlimited number of Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted voting shares. We anticipate that we will, from time to time, issue additional Class A subordinate voting shares in the future. Subject to the requirements of the NYSE and the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX"), we will not be required to obtain the approval of shareholders for the issuance of additional Class A subordinate voting shares. Although the rules of the TSX generally prohibit us from issuing additional Class B restricted voting shares, there may be certain circumstances where additional Class B restricted voting shares may