the equity method of accounting treatment are carried at the Company’s investment amounts and adjusted each period for the Company’s share of the investee’s income or loss and amortization of the basis difference, which is the difference between the fair value of our investment in the company and the underlying equity in the net assets of the investee.
The Company assesses its equity and other investments in private companies and equity method investment for impairment through analyzing market conditions, business results and other qualitative measures that suggest that the carrying amount of the investment may be impaired, and the decline in value below the carrying amount is determined to be other than temporary.
Loss Contingencies
The Company records accruals for loss contingencies when losses are probable and reasonably estimable. The Company evaluates developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is
66
Table of C
ontents
required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of a loss or potential loss. The Company may be unable to reasonably estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss for a particular legal contingency for various reasons, including, among others, because: (i) the damages sought are indeterminate; (ii) the proceedings are in the relatively early stages; (iii) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending proceedings (including motions and appeals); (iv) there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of settlement and the outcome of any negotiations with respect thereto; (v) there remain significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) the relevant law is unsettled; or (vii) the proceedings involve novel or untested legal theories. In such instances, there may be considerable uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of such matters, including the likelihood or magnitude of a possible eventual loss, if any.
Income Taxes
Income tax expense includes domestic and foreign income taxes.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of our deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative loss experience and expectations of future earnings, capital gains and investment in the applicable jurisdiction, the carry-forward periods available to it for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors.
The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing tax returns to determine whether the