prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"), including the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") regarding financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.
In the opinion of the Company, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of its financial position, results of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for the interim periods. These unaudited quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 15 in the Company's 2024 Form 10-K. The consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2024 was derived from the audited annual financial statements, but does not contain all of the footnote disclosures from the annual financial statements.
The quarterly results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full fiscal year.
3.
Significant Accounting Policies
There have been no material changes to the Company’s significant accounting policies and no material updates in the Company's assessment of the recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted during the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from the estimates made by management. Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions in these condensed consolidated financial statements include: key judgments related to revenue recognition in determining whether the Company is the principal or an agent to the arrangements with merchants; estimates and judgments involved in applying the measurement alternative associated with equity and other investments in private companies, including revenue growth rates and revenue multiples based on
10
Table of Contents
market comparables; estimates involved in our equity method investment; and the probability and amount of loss contingencies.
Concentration of Credit Risk
The Company’s cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade and other receivables, loans, merchant