our merchants. Additionally, our POS hardware products have had in the past and may in the future have defects in design, manufacture or associated software. These defects may expose us to product liability claims, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, litigation or regulatory action including claims due to personal injury, death and environmental or property damage. We could incur significant expenses, lost revenue and reputational harm as a result of recalls, safety alerts, product liability claims or regulatory actions, particularly if we fail to prevent, detect or address such issues through design, testing or warranty repairs.
Evolving data protection and privacy laws and regulations, cross-border data transfer restrictions, data localization requirements and other domestic or foreign laws or regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services, expose us to liability, or otherwise adversely affect our business.
Laws and regulations related to data protection and privacy, and their interpretations, concerning the collection, processing and disclosure of consumer personal information are constantly evolving. Many of these laws and regulations, including Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the European Union’s ePrivacy Directive, the United Kingdom’s General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act, applicable provincial and state laws and regulations, as well as those of other applicable jurisdictions contain detailed requirements regarding collecting and processing personal information, and impose certain limitations on how such information may be used, the length for which it may be stored, with whom it may be shared and the effectiveness of consumer consent. In addition to comprehensive U.S. state privacy laws and regulations that have gone into effect or will go into effect in the future, similar laws are being proposed elsewhere, which impose additional obligations such as additional rights processes, new contractual requirements, opt outs for certain uses and disclosures of sensitive personal information and opt outs from sharing personal information for targeted advertising.
Such laws and regulations could restrict our ability to store and process personal data (in particular, our ability to use certain data for purposes such as risk or fraud avoidance, marketing or advertising), to control our costs by using certain vendors or service providers and to offer certain services in certain jurisdictions. Moreover, such laws could restrict our merchants’ ability to run their businesses, for example by limiting their ability to effectively market or advertise to interested buyers and, in general, by increasing the resources required to operate their business. This could reduce our revenues and the general demand for our services.