accounts and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation.
These consolidated financial statements of the Company have been presented in United States dollars ("USD") and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"), including the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") regarding financial reporting.
3.
Significant Accounting Policies
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting year. Actual results may differ from the estimates made by management. Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions in these consolidated financial statements include: key judgments related to revenue recognition in determining whether the Company is the principal or an agent to the arrangements with merchants; estimates and judgments involved in applying the measurement alternative associated with equity and other investments in private companies, including revenue growth rates and revenue multiples based on market comparables; estimates involved in our equity method investment; probabilities of achieving performance milestones associated with non-cash revenue consideration from strategic partnerships; and the probability and amount of loss contingencies.
Revenue Recognition
The Company's sources of revenue consist of subscription solutions and merchant solutions.
Sales taxes collected from merchants and remitted to government authorities are excluded from revenue.
The Company's arrangements with customers can include multiple performance obligations, which may consist of some or all of the Company's subscription solutions. The total transaction price is determined at the inception of the contract and allocated to each performance obligation based on their relative standalone selling prices. In the case of merchant solutions, the transaction price for each performance obligation is based on the observable standalone selling price for each performance obligation. The transaction price for multiple merchant solutions is never a bundled price, therefore a relative allocation is not required.
80
Table of Contents
The Company generally receives payment from its merchants at the time of invoicing. In all other cases, payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement for payment within 30 days of the invoice date.
Subscription Solutions
For services where the performance obligation is to provide merchants with access to the Shopify platform, such as Online Subscriptions and Point-of-Sale ("POS") Pro subscriptions, revenue is recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contractual term of the