and "the Company" refer to Shopify Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. In this MD&A, we present Shopify's results of operations and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and our financial position as of March 31, 2025. You should read this MD&A in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto in Part 1 - Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's 2024 From 10-K.
Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). All amounts are in U.S. dollars ("USD") except where otherwise indicated.
Our MD&A is intended to enable readers to gain an understanding of Shopify's results of operations, cash flows and financial position. To do so, we provide information and analysis comparing our results of operations, cash flows and financial position for the most recently completed period with the same period from the preceding fiscal year. We also provide analysis and commentary that we believe will help investors assess our future prospects. In addition, we provide "forward-looking statements" that are not historical facts, but that are based on our current estimates, beliefs and assumptions and which are subject to known and unknown important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations, including those discussed under Part II
—
Item 1A "Risk Factors" of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our 2024 Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements are intended to assist readers in understanding management's expectations as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including this MD&A, and may not be suitable for other purposes. See "Forward-looking Statements" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
In this MD&A, references to our "solutions" means the combination of products and services that we offer to merchants, and references to "our merchants" as of a particular date means the total number of unique shops that are paying for a subscription to our platform.
Business Overview
We believe we can help merchants of all verticals and sizes, from aspirational entrepreneurs to companies with large-scale, direct-to-consumer or B2B operations, or both, realize their potential at all stages of their business life cycle. In the three months ended March 31, 2025, our platform facilitated gross merchandise volume ("GMV") of $74.8 billion, representing an increase of 23% from the three months ended March 31, 2024. A detailed description of this metric is presented below in the section entitled, "Key Performance Indicators".
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, our total revenue was $2.4 billion, an increase of 27% versus the three