and operating results. Our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, specifically employees with technical and engineering skills and skills in emerging technologies such as AI will be critical to our future success and the demand and competition for such specialized talent may be high. Our remote-first work model may negatively impact our ability to attract, train and retain talent.
Our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our Flex Comp compensation system provides
22
Table of C
ontents
employees with a single total compensation amount that is allocated between cash and equity awards at the discretion of the employees, subject to certain restrictions. While we believe Flex Comp will help to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, there can be no assurance that this system will result in the benefits we expect, and we may be required to grant additional awards or offer alternative forms of compensation to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. In addition, the ability of employees to choose the allocation of their compensation between cash and equity may result in variability in our cash and stock-based expenses from quarter to quarter, which may introduce some volatility in our reported financial results.
In addition, we believe that our corporate culture plays an instrumental role in our success, as it fosters innovation and teamwork, as well as technologically advanced and well-crafted software and products. In order to support our growth, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate employees working remotely in various countries around the world, while at the same time preserving the benefits created by our corporate culture. Over time, it may become harder to maintain our corporate culture and we may be forced to change it in response to unexpected circumstances beyond our control. Such changes could limit our ability to innovate and operate effectively. Any failure to preserve our culture could also negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, to continue to perform at current levels or to execute on our business strategy effectively and efficiently.
We use third-party cloud service providers to deliver our platform services. Any disruption of services from our cloud service providers could harm our business.
We currently manage our platform services and serve all of our merchants through third-party cloud computing services, such as Google Cloud Platform. If, for any reason, we are required to migrate our computing to other cloud service providers, such a transition could require significant time and expense and our business could be adversely impacted.
Our third-party cloud service providers do not guarantee that access to our platform will be uninterrupted or error-free. Any damage to, or failure of, our providers' systems could result in interruptions to our platform.