cash to be restricted when withdrawal or general use is legally restricted.
83
Table of Contents
Marketable Securities
The Company’s marketable debt securities consist of federal bonds and agency securities, U.S. term deposits and corporate bonds and commercial paper, and mature within 36 months from the date of purchase. Marketable debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity at the time of purchase and this classification is re-evaluated as of each consolidated balance sheet date. Held-to-maturity debt securities represent those securities that the Company has both the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity and are carried at amortized cost. Interest on these debt securities, as well as amortization/accretion of premiums/discounts, are included in interest income. Marketable debt securities are assessed as to whether any unrealized loss positions are other than temporarily impaired. Impairments are considered other than temporary if they are related to deterioration in credit risk or if it is likely the Company would be required to sell the securities before the recovery of their remaining amortized cost basis. Realized gains and losses determined to be other than temporary are determined based on the specific identification method and are reported in "Other income (expense), net" in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Marketable debt securities with contractual maturity greater than one year are classified as "Long-term investments" in the consolidated balance sheets.
Fair Value Measurements
The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade and other receivables, merchant cash advances receivable, loans, trade accounts payable and accruals and employee-related accruals approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value based on applicable accounting guidance, using a fair value hierarchy. A financial instrument’s classification within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
Fair Value Option
The guidance in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, provides a fair value option election that allows entities to make an irrevocable election to not separate embedded derivatives from their host contract and to fair value the hybrid instrument upon initial recognition and subsequent measurement dates for certain eligible financial assets and liabilities. Unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected are reported in earnings. The decision to elect the fair value option is determined on an instrument by instrument basis and must be applied to an entire instrument and is irrevocable once elected. The Company has elected to apply the fair value option to its investments in convertible notes in private companies. The fair value elections were made in order to