assets, 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes will automatically become due and payable.
We will, subject to limited exceptions, be required to offer to purchase all of the outstanding Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change before the maturity date of the Notes at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Upon conversion of the Notes, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, our Class A subordinate voting shares or a combination thereof, at our election. We are also required to repay the Notes at maturity, unless earlier converted or repurchased. We may not have sufficient funds available to purchase the Notes or pay cash on conversion as required. Our failure to offer to purchase Notes (or to purchase such Notes) when required by the indenture or to pay cash upon conversions of Notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing any future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of a fundamental change under the indenture could constitute an event of default under any agreement for future indebtedness and if such event of default is not cured or waived, future lenders could terminate commitments to lend and cause all amounts outstanding to be due and payable immediately. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and purchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversions of Notes and, if applicable, lenders could proceed against any collateral granted to them to secure such indebtedness or force us into bankruptcy or liquidation.
We may need to raise additional funds to pursue our growth strategy or continue our operations, and we may be unable to raise capital when needed or on acceptable terms.
From time to time, we may seek additional equity or debt financing to fund our growth, enhance our platform, respond to competitive pressures or make acquisitions or other investments. Our business plans may change, general economic, financial or political conditions in our markets may deteriorate or other circumstances may arise, in each case that have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and the anticipated cash needs of our business. Any of these events or circumstances could result in significant additional funding needs, requiring us to raise additional capital. We cannot predict the timing or amount of any such capital requirements at this time. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or at all, we may be unable to expand our business at the rate desired and our results of operations may suffer. Financing through issuances of equity securities would be dilutive to holders of our shares.
We may not be able to utilize our loss