we call subscription solutions and a merchant success-based component that we call merchant solutions.
Subscription Solutions
We generate subscription solutions revenues primarily through the sale of subscriptions to our platform and from variable platform fees, as well as through the sale of subscriptions to our Point of Sale Pro ("POS Pro") offering, the sale of apps, the registration of domain names and the sale of themes.
We offer pricing plans designed to meet the needs of our current and prospective merchants. While most merchants subscribe to our Basic and Shopify plans, the majority of our gross merchandise volume ("GMV") has been generated from merchants subscribing to our Shopify Plus plan and enterprise offerings. GMV is the total dollar value of orders facilitated through our platform including certain apps and channels for which a revenue-sharing arrangement is in place in the period, net of refunds, and inclusive of shipping and handling, duty and value-added taxes. GMV does not represent revenue earned by us. Offered at a starting rate that is several times that of our Advanced plan, the Shopify Plus plan solves for the complexity of merchants as they grow and scale globally, offering additional functionality and support, including features like Shopify Audiences for customer acquisition, B2B features for selling wholesale and Launchpad for ecommerce automation. We have also launched localized pricing plans in select countries where we bill in local currency in order to attract more merchants to our platform.
Our subscription plans typically have a one-month term, although merchants can elect to make an annual commitment. Merchants who sign on to Shopify Plus initially have annual or multi-year subscription terms. Subscription terms generally renew automatically unless notice of cancellation is provided in advance. POS Pro subscriptions fees are charged on a per month and per location basis, with an option to elect an annual commitment.
8
Table of C
ontents
Merchant Solutions
We offer a variety of merchant solutions to augment those provided through our subscriptions and to address the broad array of functionality merchants commonly require, including accepting payments, securing working capital and shipping. We believe that offering merchant solutions creates additional value for our merchants by passing on our economies of scale, saving them time and money by making additional functionality available within a single centralized commerce platform, and creates additional value for Shopify by increasing merchants’ use of our platform.
We principally generate merchant solutions revenues from payment processing fees and currency conversion fees from Shopify Payments, our fully integrated payment processing service that allows our merchants to accept and process payment cards online and offline. We also generate merchant solutions revenue from other product offerings including our lending and financial products (to merchants in