offering, the sale of apps, the sale of themes and the registration of domain names. Subscription solutions revenues increased from $1.8 billion in the year ended December 31, 2023 to $2.4 billion in the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of
28%
. Our merchants typically enter into monthly subscription agreements. The revenue from these agreements is recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contractual term and therefore we have deferred revenue on our balance sheet. We do not consider this deferred revenue balance to be a good indicator of future revenue. Instead, we believe Monthly Recurring Revenue ("MRR") is most closely correlated with the long-term value of our merchant relationships. As of December 31, 2024, MRR totaled $178 million, representing an increase of 24% relative to MRR at December 31, 2023. A detailed description of this metric is presented below in the section entitled, "Key Performance Indicators".
We offer a variety of merchant solutions that are designed to add value to our merchants by passing on our economies of scale and augment
our subscription solutions. During the year ended December 31, 2024, merchant solutions revenues accounted for 74% of
total revenues (
74%
in the year ended December 31, 2023). We principally generate merchant solutions revenues from payment processing fees and currency conversion fees from Shopify Payments. Shopify Payments is a fully integrated payment processing service that allows our merchants to accept and process payment cards online and offline. In addition to payment processing fees and currency conversion fees from Shopify Payments, we also generate merchant solutions revenue from referral fees from third parties, other transaction services and other services rendered as part of strategic partnerships and Shopify Capital. Shopify Capital helps eligible merchants secure financing and is currently available for merchants in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia. The majority of our merchant solutions revenues are directionally correlated with the level of GMV that our merchants process through our platform. Merchant solutions revenues increased from $5.2 billion in the year ended December 31, 2023 to $6.5 billion in the year
ended December 31, 2024
, representing an increase of 25%.
Our business model is driven by our ability to attract new merchants, retain revenue from existing merchants and increase sales to both new and existing merchants. Our merchants represent a wide array of retail verticals, business sizes, and geographies and no single merchant has ever represented more than five percent of our total revenues in a single reporting period. We believe that our future success depends on many factors, including our ability to expand our merchant base; localize features for specific geographies; retain merchants as they grow their businesses on our platform and adopt more features; offer more sales channels that connect merchants with