support team, such experiences may affect our brand. Our Shopify Partner Directory enables independent designers, developers and marketers to offer their services to merchants who engage them directly. Our reputation may be harmed if any of the services provided by these third parties does not meet our merchants’ expectations.
We receive media coverage globally. Any unfavorable media coverage or negative publicity about our industry or our company including, without limitation, the quality and reliability of our platform, our level of customer service, privacy and security practices, product changes, our business operations, litigation, or regulatory activity, or regarding the actions of our partners or merchants, could seriously harm our reputation. Critics have in the past and may in the future utilize the internet, the press and other means to publish negative views of our industry, our company and our competitors, our employees, or make allegations regarding our business and operations, or the business and operations of our competitors. We may be the recipient of similar negative publicity or allegations in the future, which could adversely affect the size, demographics, engagement and loyalty of our merchants, result in decreased revenues, divert the attention of management, cause fluctuations in the market price of our Class A subordinate voting shares and negatively impact our business and reputation.
We believe that the importance of brand recognition will continue to increase as competition in our market increases. In addition to our ability to provide reliable and useful solutions at competitive prices, successful promotion of our brand will depend on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We market our platform through advertisements on search engines and social networking and media sites and paid banner advertisements on other websites, partner and affiliate channels and through a number of free traffic sources, including customer referrals, word-of-mouth and search engines. We also use a number of offline marketing channels as well, including audio, television and direct mail to attract new merchants. Additionally, the success of our brand promotion efforts is partly dependent on our visibility on third-party advertising platforms and changes in the way these platforms operate or changes in their terms or data use practices could make marketing and promotion of our platform and brand more expensive and difficult thereby limiting our success as a business.
We have incurred net losses in the past and we expect to make substantial investments in our business in the future. As such, we may be unable to maintain our profitability in the future.
In prior years, we incurred net losses and have also had an accumulated deficit. These losses and accumulated deficit were a result of the substantial investments we made to grow our business and we expect to make significant investments in our business in the future, including with respect to