any amendments to or waivers of the
Code of Conduct
at that location.
We have also adopted a
Board Charter
,
Audit Committee Charter, Compensation and Talent Management Committee Charter
, and
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter
for the Board of Directors and for each of our Audit Committee. Each of these documents is available on our website https://shopifyinvestors.com/Governance/Governance-Documents.
Insider Trading Policies and Procedures
The Company has insider trading policies and procedures (the "Insider Trading Policy") that govern the purchase, sale and other dispositions of its securities by directors, officers, employees and contractors. as well as by the Company itself. We believe these policies and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable listing standards.
A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 11: Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item will be disclosed in our Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2024. This information will also be disclosed in the management information circular that we prepare in accordance with Canadian corporate and securities law requirements.
Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this Item will be disclosed in our Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2024. This information will also be disclosed, as applicable, in the management information circular that we prepare in accordance with Canadian corporate and securities law requirements.
Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item will be disclosed in our Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2024. This information will also be disclosed, as applicable, in the management information circular that we prepare in accordance with Canadian corporate and securities law requirements.
Item 14: Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by this Item will be disclosed in our Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2024. This information will also be disclosed in the management information circular that we prepare in accordance with Canadian corporate and securities law requirements.
72
Table of C
ontents
Part IV
Item 15: Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
a.
The following documents are filed as part of this report:
1.
Consolidated Financial Statements
2.
Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K
The information required by this item is set forth in the Index to Exhibits that precedes the signature page of this Annual Report
b.
The information required by this item is set forth in the Index to Exhibits that precedes the signature page of this