material and adverse impact on us due to their costs, diversion of our resources and other factors.
Activities of merchants or partners or the content of our merchants' shops could damage our brand, subject us to liability and harm our business and financial results.
Our terms of service and acceptable use policy prohibit our merchants and our partners from using our platform to engage in illegal or otherwise prohibited activities and our terms of service and acceptable use policy permit us to terminate a merchant’s shop or a partner's account if we become aware of such use. Merchants or partners may nonetheless engage in prohibited or illegal activities on our platform in violation of our terms, policy and applicable laws and regulations, which could harm our reputation and may subject us to legal or regulatory claims or actions. Furthermore, our brand may be negatively impacted by the actions of merchants or partners that are deemed to be hostile, offensive or inappropriate. While we use technology to monitor for compliance with or eligibility for certain Shopify offerings, we do not proactively and comprehensively monitor or review the appropriateness of all content on all our merchants’ shops in connection with our services, and we do not have control over merchant activities or the activities in which our merchants’ buyers engage. The safeguards we have in place may not be sufficient for us to avoid regulatory action, liability or avoid harm to our brand, especially if such hostile, offensive, inappropriate or illegal use is high profile, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Merchants using the platform may also operate businesses in regulated industries, which are subject to additional scrutiny, increasing the potential scrutiny and potential liability we could incur. In addition, due to our international expansion, we may be subject to international actions alleging that merchants’ store content violate laws in foreign jurisdictions, which could negatively affect our business and operations. The laws relating to the liability of online service providers are evolving and subject to challenge including claims related to defamation, product liability, libel, breach of contract, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement. Developments in these laws in various jurisdictions could subject us to liability, penalties or restrictions on our business.
There may be incidents of misuse of merchant or user data or other undesirable activity by third parties who have access to our platforms. We may not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data or technical limitations, the scale of activity on our platform, the allocation of resources to other projects, or other factors, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by the media, or other third parties. Such incidents and activities may include the use of merchant or user data or our systems in a manner