Contents
17.
Commitments and Contingencies
Unconditional Purchase Obligations
The Company has entered into agreements where it commits to usage levels related to third-party services with an annual minimum fixed unconditional purchase obligation of $
200
million. The amount of the minimum fixed and determinable portion of the unconditional purchase obligations over the next three years, as of December 31, 2024, was $
468
million.
Litigation and Loss Contingencies
From time to time, the Company may become a party to litigation and subject to claims incidental to the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property claims, labor and employment claims and threatened claims, breach of contract claims, tax and other matters.
In the third quarter of 2022, a jury in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware returned a verdict finding that the Company infringed
three
web technology patents owned by Express Mobile, Inc. and the Company recorded an estimated liability in that period for damages and potential interest of $
55
million. The Company filed a post-trial motion for judgment as a matter of law. In the second quarter of 2024, the court granted that motion, vacating the jury verdict in its entirety and mooting the plaintiff's motion for pre- and post-judgement interest.
As a result of this decision, the Company has reversed the previously recorded liability in the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 within "General and administrative" in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss), as a loss contingency was no longer considered probable.
The Company records accruals for loss contingencies when losses are probable and reasonably estimable. The Company currently has no material pending litigation or claims. The Company is not aware of any litigation matters or loss contingencies that would be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
18.
Related Parties
The Company has a commercial agreement with Flexport, a company in which it has an equity method investment. The Company earns a share of revenues for orders processed or otherwise sent through services provided by Shopify. The Company recognized $
nil
revenue in the years ended December 31, 2024, related to this agreement. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company commenced a separate agreement with Flexport to provide co-marketing services for the coordinated marketing of fulfillment-related products and services to current and prospective merchants. In the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized $
4
million of expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and $
11
million in "Other current assets" in the consolidated balance sheets related to this agreement.
In December 2023, the Company made a separate investment in Flexport with the purchase of convertible notes of $
260
million. The Company has selected to