subscriptions. Certain subscription contracts have a transaction price that includes a variable component that is based on the merchants' volume of sales. In such cases, the Company recognizes revenue when the merchant's sale occurs, the variable price becomes known and it has a right to invoice. Payments received in advance of services being rendered are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized ratably over time, over the requisite service period.
Revenue from the sale of separately priced apps and themes is recognized at a point in time, when the arrangement between the merchant and partner is established. Revenue from the sale of rights to use a domain name that is sold separately is recognized ratably over time, over the contractual term, which is generally an annual term.
Merchant Solutions
The Company offers a variety of merchant solutions, which are primarily transaction based, to augment those provided through a subscription and to address the broad array of functionality merchants commonly require.
For services where the performance obligation is to process payments for the Company’s merchants, from such services as Shopify Payments, Transaction Fees and Shop Pay Installments, revenues are recognized at a point in time, at the time of the transaction.
The Company earns referral fees from third parties to whom it directs business pursuant to agreements with such partners. Related revenues can be recurring or non-recurring and are recognized once the arrangement between the partner and customer has been made or over the expected term of the contract. In connection with certain referral revenue contracts with partners, the Company receives a component of the transaction price in non-cash consideration in the form of equity in the partner at the outset of the contract. When the transaction price includes non-cash consideration, the non-cash consideration is measured as the fair value at the inception of the contract.
Other revenue generating services and products to merchants include, but are not limited to, the sale of shipping labels, the sale of POS hardware, advertising on the Shopify App Store and Shop Campaigns, the Company’s buyer acquisition offering. Revenue is recognized when services are performed, or as ownership passes to the merchant.
Principal versus Agent
For revenue streams that involve another party that contributes to providing a specified service to a customer, the Company determines whether it is the principal or an agent. In these instances, the Company determines whether it has promised to provide the specified service itself (as principal) or to arrange for the specified service to be provided by another party (as an agent). This determination depends on the facts and circumstances of each arrangement and, in some instances, involves significant judgment. The Company recognizes revenue from certain services, such as the sale of shipping labels, the sale of apps, the sale of themes, card services and installments