December 31, 2024 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Revenue Recognition
For revenue streams that involve another party that contributes to providing a specified service to a customer, the Company determines whether it is the principal or an agent. In these instances, the Company determines whether it has promised to provide the specified service itself (as principal) or to arrange for the specified service to be provided by another party (as an agent). This determination depends on the facts and circumstances of each arrangement and, in some instances, involves significant judgment. The Company recognizes revenue from certain services, such as the sale of shipping labels, the sale of apps, the sale of themes, card services and installments services, on a net basis as the Company is the agent in the arrangement with customers. All other revenue is reported on a gross basis, as the Company has determined it is the principal in the respective arrangements.
Equity and Other Investments
The Company evaluates each investment to determine if the investment is a variable interest entity and, if so, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were no variable interest entities required to be consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
The Company also assesses each investment to determine its classification based on fair value measurements and other factors, which then are classified as equity and other investments with readily determinable fair values, equity and other investments without readily determinable fair values and equity and other investments under the equity method of accounting.
Equity and other investments in private companies without readily determinable fair values are carried at cost less impairments, with subsequent adjustments for observable changes (referred to as the measurement alternative). Estimates and judgments are involved in applying the measurement alternative associated with equity and other investments without readily determinable fair values by developing certain key assumptions, including revenue growth rates and revenue multiples based on market comparables.
The Company also holds investments in convertible notes of private companies which are classified as available-for-sale debt securities, for which the Company has elected to account for under the fair value option. The investments are carried at fair value at each balance sheet date and any movements in the fair values are classified as "Other income (expense), net" in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
The Company evaluates each investment to determine if the investment should be accounted for as an equity method investment based upon equity ownership, significant influence and ongoing involvement in the investee, including factors such as representation on the investee's Board of Directors. Investments that qualify for