Research and Development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses for product management, product development, product design, data analytics, contractor and consultant fees as well as internal use hosting costs and corporate overhead allocations. We continue to focus our research and development efforts on adding new features and solutions, and increasing the functionality and enhancing the ease of use of our platform. While we expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to increase the functionality of our platform, over the long term we expect our research and development expenses will eventually decline as a percentage of total revenues.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist of employee-related expenses for finance and accounting, legal, administrative, talent and information technology personnel, impairment related to certain office leases we have ceased using, professional services fees, sales and use tax and other indirect taxes, insurance, the provision for expected credit losses on uncollectible receivables, corporate overhead allocations, legal contingencies and other corporate expenses, including sustainability spend. We expect that over time general and administrative expenses will decrease as a percentage of total revenues as we focus on processes, systems and controls to enable our internal support functions to scale with the growth of our business.
51
Table of C
ontents
Transaction and Loan Losses
Transaction and loan losses consist of expected and actual losses related to Shopify Payments, Shop Pay Installments, Shopify Balance and Shopify Capital. We are exposed to transaction losses on Shopify Payments, Shop Pay Installments and Shopify Balance as a result of unrecovered merchant transactions due to returns and disputes. We are also exposed to Shopify Balance losses when a merchant account experiences unauthorized transactions where funds cannot be recovered or reversed. We are exposed to transaction losses on loans and merchant cash advances offered through Shopify Capital as a result of fraud or uncollectibility. Transaction and loan losses are expected to increase in absolute dollars over time as merchant penetration and adoption grow.
Impairment on Sales of Shopify's Logistics Businesses
Impairment on sales of Shopify's logistics businesses consists of impairment charges incurred as the result of the sales of our logistics businesses in 2023.
Other Income (Expense)
Other income (expense) consists primarily of unrealized and realized gains or losses on equity and other investments, losses on our equity method investment in Flexport, Inc. ("Flexport"), transaction gains or losses on foreign currency, interest income and interest expense related to Shopify's convertible senior notes. Equity and other investments in publicly traded companies with readily determinable fair values are carried at fair value at each