rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management’s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our platform, prevent or delay introductions of new or enhanced solutions, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our platform, or injure our reputation. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to developing and protecting their technology or intellectual property rights than we do.
Our pricing decisions may fail to generate expected results and may adversely affect our ability to attract new merchants and retain existing merchants.
We have changed our pricing models from time to time and expect to do so in the future. Such changes may not yield expected benefits to our business and financial results and could also negatively affect the willingness of merchants to use our products and services. If our pricing models are not optimal, it may adversely affect the profitability of our solutions. Our pricing decisions may also impact the mix of merchant adoption among our plans and negatively impact our overall revenue. Moreover, our merchants may be sensitive to changes in our pricing models compared to prices offered by our competitors. As a result, our pricing decisions may result in loss of market share and in the future we may be required to reduce our prices, which could adversely affect our revenue, gross profit, profitability, financial position and cash flows.
Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our solutions and subject us to possible litigation.
Our solutions incorporate and are dependent to a significant extent on the use and development of open source software and we intend to continue our use and development of open source software in the
34
Table of C
ontents
future. Such open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses and is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable. Pursuant to such open source licenses, we may be subject to certain conditions, including requirements that we offer our proprietary software that incorporates the open source software for no cost, that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open source software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. If an author or other third party that uses or distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the