litigation, we could incur substantial costs, our management’s attention and resources could be diverted and it could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
The trading volume of the Notes, the terms of the Notes including the conversion feature, if triggered, and the applicable accounting treatment thereof may impact the trading price of the Class A subordinate voting shares and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
The market price of our Class A subordinate voting shares could also be affected by possible sales of our Class A subordinate voting shares by investors who view the Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in us and by hedging or arbitrage trading activity that we expect to develop involving the Notes. Additionally, the market price of the Class A subordinate voting shares could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes.
In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, holders of the Notes will be entitled to convert their Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely our Class A subordinate voting shares (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. If we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering Class A subordinate voting shares, the issuance could cause dilution to our existing shareholders and cause the market price of our Class A subordinate voting shares to decline. In addition, the accounting method for reflecting the Notes on our balance sheet, accruing interest expense for the Notes and reflecting the underlying Class A subordinate voting shares in our reported diluted earnings per share may adversely affect our reported earnings and financial condition.
Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A subordinate voting shares in the public market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could cause the market price of our shares to decline.
Certain of our shareholders have certain rights to require us to file registration statements in the respective jurisdictions covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements or prospectuses that we may file for ourselves or on behalf of other shareholders.
Further, we cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A subordinate voting shares or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our Class A subordinate voting shares will have on the market price of our Class A subordinate voting shares. Sales of substantial amounts of our shares, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A subordinate voting shares.
If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal