laws, regulations or interpretations thereof could result in additional taxes; or
•
future earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory tax rates.
We currently conduct activities in the United States, Ireland, Singapore and other jurisdictions through our subsidiaries pursuant to transfer pricing arrangements that require affiliated companies to deal on an arm's length basis. While we believe that we operate in compliance with applicable transfer pricing laws and intend to continue to do so, our transfer pricing policies are not binding on applicable tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with positions we have taken and successfully challenge our transfer pricing as not reflecting arm’s length principles. In that case, they could require us to adjust our transfer prices and reallocate income, which may result in a higher tax liability. Similarly, we may be subject to income tax in jurisdictions if tax authorities argue that our in-country activities could constitute a permanent establishment.
Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should start collecting state, provincial or local business taxes, sales and use taxes or other indirect taxes on transactions by our merchants. If we are subject to liability for past or future sales by our merchants, it could harm our results of operations.
The application of indirect taxes, such as sales and use taxes, value-added taxes, goods and services taxes, digital service taxes, economic presence taxes and gross receipt taxes, to businesses like ours and to our merchants and their buyers is a complex and evolving issue. Many of the statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the adoption and growth of the Internet and online commerce. In many cases, it is not clear how existing statutes apply to commerce services provided over the Internet. There is a risk that various jurisdictions could assert that we are liable for indirect taxes or digital service taxes, which could be levied upon income or gross receipts, or for the collection of local sales and use taxes, value-added or other indirect taxes. This risk exists regardless of whether we are subject to domestic income tax or other taxes. Tax authorities are becoming increasingly active in asserting nexus for business activity tax purposes and imposing sales and use taxes and other indirect taxes on products and services provided over the internet. We may be subject to indirect taxes if a local tax authority asserts that our activities or the activities of any of our subsidiaries are sufficient to establish a nexus, including with respect to the distribution of solutions over the internet.
Each jurisdiction has different rules and regulations governing indirect sales and use taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying