key talent, sales and marketing, research and development, the creation and implementation of new products and services, the functionality of our platform, merchant service and support, security and operational requirements, our network infrastructure, acquisitions and the expansion of our international operations. Historically, our costs have increased each year due to these factors and we expect to continue to incur increasing costs to support our anticipated future growth. While we are focused on our costs relative to our future revenue growth, certain costs may be more difficult to predict or outside of our control and increased investments and expenditures may make it difficult for us to maintain profitability. For example, if the costs associated with acquiring new merchants materially rise in the future, including the fees we pay to third parties to market our platform, our expenses may rise significantly. Therefore, we
25
Table of C
ontents
cannot predict if we will maintain profitability over time. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur significant losses in the future and we may not be able to maintain our profitability on a consistent basis.
We have previously made, and may make in the future, decisions that could negatively impact our short-term operating results if we believe those decisions will improve the experiences of our merchants and their buyers and/or if we believe such decisions will improve our operating results over the long term. These decisions may not be consistent with the expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business may be materially and adversely affected.
If our software or hardware contain undetected errors or defects, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The software underlying our platform is complex and, despite internal testing, may contain errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs that are difficult to detect and correct, particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Any failure to successfully correct such errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs in a timely manner, or at all, could result in lost revenue, significant expenditures of capital, a delay or loss in market acceptance, litigation and damage to our reputation and brand, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our platform is a multi-tenant cloud-based system that allows us to deploy new versions and enhancements to all of our merchants simultaneously. To the extent we deploy new versions or enhancements that contain errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs to all of our merchants simultaneously, the consequences would be more severe than if such versions or enhancements were only deployed to a smaller number of