reasons, including, among others, because: (i) the damages sought are indeterminate; (ii) the proceedings are in the relative early stages; (iii) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending proceedings (including motions and appeals); (iv) there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of settlement and the outcome of any negotiations with respect thereto; (v) there remain significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) the relevant law is unsettled; or (vii) the proceedings involve novel or untested legal theories. In such instances, there may be considerable uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of such matters, including the likelihood or magnitude of a possible eventual loss, if any.
Operating Leases
The Company accounts for operating leases by first determining if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at inception. The operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, therefore, the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date was used to determine the present value of lease payments. The right-of-use assets exclude lease incentives, which are accounted for as a reduction of lease liabilities if they have not yet been received. The Company's lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Lease expense related to lease components is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
The carrying values of right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. The
86
Table of Contents
determination of whether any impairment exists includes a comparison of estimated undiscounted future cash flows anticipated to be generated over the remaining life of an asset or asset group to their net carrying value. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with the asset or asset group are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss will be recorded based on the estimated fair value. For right-of-use assets that are impaired, the remaining carrying value of the right-of-use assets are amortized on a straight line basis over the remaining term of the lease.
The Company's lease agreements include lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately under Topic 842, Leases. Variable lease components and non-lease components are excluded from the lease payments used to calculate the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, and are recorded in the period in which the obligation for the payment is incurred.
The Company subleases certain leased office space and recognizes sublease income on a straight-line basis over the sublease term. Sublease payments received for variable lease costs will be recorded as income, as earned. The Company recognizes