services, on a net basis as the Company is the agent in the arrangement with customers. All other revenue is reported on a gross basis, as the Company has determined it is the principal in the respective arrangements.
Lending Services
For lending services, including loans and merchant cash advances ("MCAs"), the performance obligations associated with these services is to arrange and provide funding to merchants. Certain loans and MCAs are facilitated by the Company and originated by bank partners, from whom the Company
81
Table of Contents
then purchases the loans and MCAs, obtaining all rights, title and interest or discount for a fixed fee or calculated as a percentage of the MCA's or loan's principal. Revenues are presented as merchant solutions revenue net of any deferred origination fees, which are amortized over the contractual or expected term of the loan or MCA. Interest and fees earned on the loan portfolio are recognized as merchant solutions revenue based on the effective interest method. For certain loans where the borrowing fee is fixed, the Company uses the expected repayment date and volume to calculate an effective interest rate. For loans, using the merchant's contractual or expected repayment date, the Company calculates an effective interest rate based on the merchant's expected future payment volume to determine how much of a merchant's repayment to recognize as revenue and how much to apply against the merchant's receivable balance. For some loans, the Company sells its full rights, title and interest to third-party investors. We account for the asset transfer as a sale and derecognize the full amount the Company paid to its bank partner to originate the loan and record a gain on sale of the loans sold to the third-party investor as merchant solutions revenue upon transfer of title. For MCA's, the Company applies a percentage of the remittances collected against the merchant's receivable balance, and a percentage, which is related to the discount, as merchant solutions revenue.
Logistic Services
Logistics related revenue was recognized up until the second quarter of 2023, at which point the Company sold its logistics businesses, as further described in Note 4. Prior to the sale of these businesses, revenue was generated from the respective fulfillment solutions, which included picking, packing and preparing orders for shipment, and outbound shipping, as well as additional revenues from inbound shipping, storage, returns processing and other fulfillment-related services as needed by merchants. Revenue related to these fulfillment solutions were recognized over time as the Company fulfilled, up to completion of delivery. Revenues related to the inbound, storage and return processing offerings were recognized over time, and revenues related to other fulfillment-related services were recognized at a point in time, once the services had been rendered. The Company also earned revenues from providing cloud-based software on