that we will not pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future;
•
issuances of Class B restricted voting shares and preferred shares;
•
redemption of the Founder Share;
•
our intention to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth; and
•
our expectations with respect to adapting our current facilities.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations may include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties that are discussed in greater detail in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" and Part II, Item 7A "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Although we believe that the plans, intentions, expectations, assumptions and strategies reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future results. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this Form 10-K. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. Therefore, these forward-looking statements do not represent our views as of any date other than the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
6
Table of C
ontents
Part I
Item 1: Business
Overview
Shopify is a leading global commerce technology company, offering trusted tools to start, scale, market and run a business of any size. Shopify's mission is to make commerce better for everyone with a platform and services that are engineered for simplicity and reliability, while delivering a better shopping experience for consumers everywhere.
Shopify's business is designed to empower our merchants by offering a comprehensive,