months ended March 31, 2024. Our business model has two revenue components: a recurring subscription component we call subscription solutions and a merchant success-based component we call merchant solutions.
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, subscription solutions revenues accounted for 26% of our total revenues (27% in the three months ended March 31, 2024). We offer a range of plans that increase in price depending on additional features and economic considerations. Shopify Plus is offered at a starting rate that is several times that of our standard Shopify plans. Shopify Plus solves for the complexity of merchants as they grow and scale globally, offering additional functionality and support, including features like Shopify Audiences, B2B features and Launchpad, for ecommerce automation. BarkBox, Vuori, BevMo, Carrier, JB Hi-Fi, Meta, ButcherBox, SKIMS and Supreme are a few of our notable merchants seeking a reliable, cost-effective and scalable commerce solution. The flexibility of our pricing plans is designed to help our merchants grow in a cost-effective manner and to provide more advanced features and support as their business needs evolve.
Revenue from subscription solutions is generated through the sale of subscriptions to our platform, including variable platform fees, as well as through the sale of subscriptions to our POS Pro offering, the sale of apps, the sale of themes and the registration of domain names. Subscription solutions revenues
27
Table of Contents
increased from $511 million in the three months ended March 31, 2024 to $620 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025, representing an increase of 21%. Our merchants typically enter into monthly subscription agreements. The revenue from these agreements is recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contractual term and therefore we have deferred revenue on our balance sheet. We do not consider this deferred revenue balance to be a good indicator of future revenue. Instead, we believe Monthly Recurring Revenue ("MRR") is most closely correlated with the long-term value of our merchant relationships. As of March 31, 2025, MRR totaled $182 million, representing an increase of 21% relative to MRR at March 31, 2024. A detailed description of this metric is presented below in the section entitled, "Key Performance Indicators".
We offer a variety of merchant solutions that are designed to add value to our merchants by passing on our economies of scale and augment our subscription solutions. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, merchant solutions revenues accounted for 74% of total revenues (73% in the three months ended March 31, 2024). We principally generate merchant solutions revenues from payment processing fees and currency conversion fees from Shopify Payments. Shopify Payments is a fully integrated payment processing service that allows our merchants to accept and process payment cards online and offline. In addition to payment processing fees