or other negative macroeconomic factors such as tariffs or inflation, have in the past and may in the future impact buyer confidence and spending, and adversely impact consumer spending, which could result in merchants who use our platform going out of business or deciding to stop using our services in order to conserve cash, or otherwise adversely affect the amount of commerce transacting through our platform and our ability to generate revenue. Challenging economic conditions may also adversely affect third parties with whom we have entered into relationships and upon which we depend in order to grow our business. Uncertain and adverse economic conditions may also lead to increased refunds and chargebacks, any of which could adversely affect our business.
Furthermore, we hold marketable securities in our cash management program and from strategic partnerships and investments that are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, foreign exchange and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by certain events that affect the global financial markets. If global credit and equity markets decline for extended periods, or if there is a downgrade of the securities within our cash management program portfolio, the investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. Thus, if general macroeconomic conditions deteriorate, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.
We currently rely on two suppliers to provide the technology we offer through Shopify Payments.
At present, we have payment service provider agreements with Stripe, Inc. ("Stripe") and PayPal, Inc. ("PayPal") and their respective affiliates (together, our "Payment Service Providers"). Upon completion of the existing term, the Stripe agreement automatically renews every 12 months, unless either party terminates the agreement earlier. The PayPal agreement, following its initial term, automatically renews every 12 months, unless either party terminates the agreement earlier. These agreements directly support Shopify Payments and, at this time, any disruption or problems with our Payment Service Providers or their services could have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial results. We have the ability, under our current agreements, to integrate alternative payment service providers for Shopify Payments. However, if our Payment Service Providers were to terminate their relationships with us before an alternative payment service provider was fully integrated, we could incur substantial delays and expense, and the quality and reliability of such alternative payment service provider may not be comparable.
Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties.
We anticipate that the growth of our business will continue to depend