able to negotiate terms with respect to the acquisition or investment that are acceptable to us. In addition, the acquisitions and investments that we consummate may fail to achieve our strategic objectives, in which case we may shut down, divest or otherwise exit the acquired business or investment, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. Furthermore, liquidity in certain of our strategic investments is limited, which may affect our ability to exit such investments in a timely manner.
28
Table of C
ontents
Shopify Capital and other financing and lending solutions are subject to additional risks relating to the availability of capital to fund merchants, the ability of our merchants to generate sales to remit receivables or make payments, general macroeconomic conditions, legal and regulatory risks and the risk of fraud.
Our financing and lending solutions include sales-based repayment loans and merchant cash advances ("MCAs"), together known as Shopify Capital, as well as Shopify Credit. These products are subject to additional risks. If we cannot source capital to fund loans, MCAs or charge cards, we might have to reduce the availability of these services, or cease offering them altogether. In the United States and certain international markets, we work with banking partners to offer lending products and MCAs, as applicable. If a partner were unable to continue to issue any of these products, we would have to incur costs to find an alternate partner or build our own program or cease offering lending products or MCAs in the applicable market. Additionally, a decline in macroeconomic conditions could lead to a decrease in the number of merchants eligible for one or more of these lending products or MCAs and/or increase the risk of fraud or non-payment. If more of our merchants cease operations, experience a decline in their sales or engage in fraudulent behavior, it would make it more difficult for us to obtain repayment of credit extended through lending products or to obtain the receivables purchased via MCAs. In addition, if we are unable to properly manage the risks of offering lending products or MCAs to merchants or if we fail to correctly predict the likelihood of timely repayment of lending products or likely remittances for MCAs, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
We may sell a percentage of Shopify Capital loans originated in the United States to third party investors. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand for the purchase of loans and, based on the terms of Shopify Capital's current and contemplated transactions, purchasers may terminate the purchase of these loans at any time. Purchases of loans may fluctuate based on a number of factors, some of which may be outside of our control, including, but not limited to, economic conditions, changes in the regulatory environment in the United States, the availability of alternative