employee, contractor or vendor error, malfeasance, or otherwise. Such exploitation may expose merchant or buyer data and negatively impact Shopify’s business and reputation, regardless of the fact that the breach may be outside of Shopify’s control (for example, in connection with a breach of a third-party application). Further, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, contractors, merchants or partners into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords or other information or otherwise compromise the security of our internal networks, electronic systems and/or physical facilities in order to gain access to our data or our merchants’ data. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and the size and severity of attacks and security breaches are increasing across the industry, we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or stop attacks or security breaches while they are occurring.
Any actual or perceived security incident could damage our reputation and brand, expose us to a risk of litigation and possible liability and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by a security incident. Many jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, customers or government regulators of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data and our agreements with certain merchants and partners require us to notify them in the event of a security incident. In addition, we have provided in the past, and may provide in the future, voluntary notification to merchants, customers or individuals of data security incidents, regardless of any legal or contractual obligation to do so. Any such notifications may be costly, could lead to negative publicity, scrutiny and/or fines from regulators and may cause our merchants to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. Moreover, if a high profile security breach occurs with respect to a competitor, retailer or other commerce-related platform, merchants and buyers may lose trust in our business model or commerce more generally, which could adversely impact our and our merchants’ businesses. Any of these events could harm our reputation or subject us to significant liability, and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results.
If we fail to improve and enhance the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform and innovate and introduce new solutions in a manner that responds to our merchants’ evolving needs, our business may be adversely affected.
The markets in which we compete are characterized by constant change and innovation and we expect them to continue to evolve rapidly. Our success has been based on our ability to identify and anticipate the needs of our merchants and design and maintain a platform that provides them with the tools they need to