the previously hedged forecasted transaction impacts earnings or is no longer probable of occurring.
85
Table of Contents
In addition, the Company has a master netting agreement with each of the Company's counterparties, which permits net settlement of multiple, separate derivative contracts with a single payment. The Company presents its derivative instruments on a net basis in the consolidated financial statements.
Provision for Credit Losses Related to Loans and Merchant Cash Advances
Loans and merchant cash advance receivables represent the aggregate amount of Shopify Capital related receivables owed by merchants as of the balance sheet date, net of an allowance for expected credit losses. The Company estimates the loss provision based on an assessment of various factors, including historical trends, merchants' gross merchandise volume ("GMV"), supportable forecasted information and other factors, including macroeconomic factors, that may affect the merchants' ability to make future payments on the receivables. Increases to the provision are reflected in current operating results, while charges against the provision are made when losses are incurred. Recoveries are reflected as a reduction in the allowance for credit losses related to loans and merchant cash advances when the recovery occurs. These additions, charges and recoveries are classified within "Transaction and loan losses" on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
Provision for Transaction Losses Related to Shopify Payments, Shop Pay Installments and Shopify Balance
Transaction losses arise from unrecovered merchant transactions due to returns and disputes. The Company may also incur losses when a merchant account experiences unauthorized transactions where funds cannot be recovered or reversed. The Company estimates the provision for transaction losses based on an assessment of various factors, including historical trends, GMV (facilitated using Shopify Payments and Shop Pay Installments including those managed using Shopify Balance), supportable forecasted information and other factors that may increase the volume of losses. Additions to the provision are reflected in current operating results, while charges against the provision are made when losses are incurred. These additions are classified within "Transaction and loan losses" on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
Loss Contingencies
The Company records accruals for loss contingencies when losses are probable and reasonably estimable. The Company evaluates developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of a loss or potential loss. The Company may be unable to reasonably estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss for a particular legal contingency for various