in the three months ended March 31, 2025 was driven by proceeds from the issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted multiple voting shares as a result of stock options exercises.
Contractual Obligations
Our principal commitments consist of our Notes, unconditional purchase obligations and obligations under our operating leases for office space. There have been no significant changes to our principal commitments, as compared to the principal commitments described in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
In connection with the sales of our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023, we retained our guarantee of certain leases. We also entered into an indemnification agreement that governs the liability obligations of the purchaser in connection with these guarantees. These arrangements, and our obligations arising from such arrangements, are not expected to have a material impact on the current or future financial performance or financial condition of the Company.
Litigation and Loss Contingencies
We are not aware of any litigation matters or loss contingencies that would be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions. Predicting future events is inherently an imprecise activity and, as such, requires the use of significant judgment. Actual results may vary from our estimates in amounts that may be material to the financial statements. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Our critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgements are discussed in Part II — Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our 2024 Form 10-K as well as "Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies" in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I — Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Item 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to market risks, as discussed in Note 3 in our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025, as well as in our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. These risks primarily include foreign currency exchange risk, equity and other investments risk, interest rate risk,