restricted share units ("RSU") is measured using the fair value of the Company's shares as if the RSUs were issued and vested on the grant date. An estimate of forfeitures is applied when determining compensation expense. All Class A subordinate voting shares issued in connection with awards under the Company's Second Amended and Restated Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") are from the Company's treasury pool.
Income Taxes
Income tax expense includes domestic and foreign income taxes.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of our deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative loss experience and expectations of future earnings, capital gains and investment in the applicable jurisdiction, the carry-forward periods available to it for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors.
The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing tax returns to determine whether the tax positions have met a “more-likely-than-not” threshold of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax benefits related to tax positions not deemed to meet the “more-likely-than-not” threshold are not permitted to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions
The functional and reporting currency of the Company and its subsidiaries is USD. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are re-measured to USD using the exchange rates prevailing at the consolidated balance sheet dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are measured in USD using historical exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are measured using the actual exchange rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions. Gains and losses resulting from re-measurement are recorded in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as "Foreign exchange (loss) gain", with the exception of foreign exchange forward contracts and options used for hedging which are re-measured in "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" and the income (loss) is then reclassified into earnings to either cost of revenue or operating expenses in the same period, or periods, during which the hedged transaction affects earnings.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, with original maturities at their acquisition date of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We consider