performance share units (PSUs) and deferred share units (DSUs). Each LTIP Unit represents the right to receive
one
Class A subordinate voting share in accordance with the terms of the LTIP. Unless otherwise approved by the Compensation and Talent Management Committee of the Board of Directors, RSUs granted between November 2017 and August 2022 have been approved with
three-year
vesting schedules, with 1/3 vesting on each anniversary following the date of grant. As a result of employee compensation plan, certain RSUs were forfeited and their associated vesting schedules were ended. For employees that allocated a portion of their new total compensation reward to obtain RSUs, the RSUs are granted quarterly and generally vest on a monthly basis over the period of
three months
or if allocated to the long-term equity component, generally vest over a
three year
period.. A PSU participant’s grant agreement will describe the performance criteria established by the Company’s Compensation and Talent Committee of the Board of Directors that must be achieved for PSUs to vest to the PSU participant, provided the participant is continuously employed by or in the Company’s service or the service or employment of any of the Company’s affiliates from the date of grant until such PSU vesting date. As of December 31, 2024, there have been
no
PSUs granted. DSUs are granted solely to non-employee directors of the Company, at their option, in lieu of their Board retainer fees. DSUs will vest upon a director ceasing to act as a director.
The maximum number of Class A subordinate voting shares reserved for issuance, in the aggregate, under the Company's SOP and the LTIP was initially equal to
37,436,920
Class A subordinate voting shares, adjusted to give effect to Share Split. The number of Class A subordinate voting shares available for issuance, in the aggregate, under the SOP and the LTIP will be automatically increased on January 1st of each year, beginning on January 1, 2016 and ending on January 1, 2026, in an amount equal to
5
% of the aggregate number of outstanding Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted voting shares on December 31st of the preceding calendar year. As of January 1, 2025, there were
475,654,042
shares available for issuance under the Company's SOP and LTIP.
108
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the stock option and RSU award activities under the Company's share-based compensation plans for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:
(1)
As of December 31, 2024
14,340
of the outstanding stock options were granted under the Company's Fourth Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan ("Legacy Option Plan") and are exercisable for Class B restricted voting shares,
14,535,048
of the outstanding stock options were granted under the Company's SOP and are exercisable for Class A subordinate voting shares, and
87,604
of the outstanding stock options were granted under the Deliverr 2017 Stock Option and Grant Plan and are