industry that is prone to cyberattacks. Our products and services involve the collection, storage, processing and transmission of a large amount of data. Failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of our data, merchant data and data of buyers shopping with our merchants, including personal information, or payment information from merchants and their customers, could result in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction or other misuse of such data, which could harm our business and reputation and diminish our competitive position. In addition, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping and general hacking continue to be prevalent in our industry. As a result of our increased visibility, the size of our merchant base and the increasing amount of confidential information we process, we believe that we are increasingly a target for such breaches and attacks, in particular because attackers tend to focus their efforts on popular offerings with a large user base. Our remote-first work environment could also impact the security of our platform and systems as well as our ability to prevent attacks or respond to them quickly.
We have experienced such attacks in the past and may experience such attacks in the future. Such attacks may result in an interruption of service on our platform or the loss or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. For example, we have been subject to system interruptions and delays including as a result of distributed denial of service ("DDoS attacks"), a technique used by hackers to take an internet service offline by overloading its servers. A DDoS attack or security breach could delay or interrupt service to our merchants and their buyers and may deter buyers from visiting our merchants’ shops.
We have a defense-in-depth approach to resist such attacks and minimize our risks, but we cannot guarantee that our approach and infrastructure are or will be adequate to prevent cyberattacks, network and service interruption, system failure or data loss or misuse, or detect security breaches. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to react in a timely manner to any cyberattack or other security incident, or that our remediation efforts will be successful. Our business and operations span numerous countries and involve thousands of employees, contractors, merchants, developers, partners and other third parties. At any given time, we face known and unknown cybersecurity risks and threats that are not fully mitigated. We expect to continue to harden our infrastructure to adapt to evolving tactics, techniques and procedures to make us more resilient.
17
Table of C
ontents
Moreover, our platform, our apps and third-party apps available for our platform have been in the past, and in the future could be breached if vulnerabilities in our platform or third-party apps are exploited by unauthorized third parties or due to