controls over financial reporting, our operations, financial reporting and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
Any failure of our internal controls could have an adverse effect on our stated results of operations and harm our reputation. As a result, we may experience higher than anticipated operating expenses, as well as higher independent auditor fees during and after the implementation of these changes. If we are unable to implement any of the required changes to our internal control over financial reporting effectively or efficiently or are required to do so earlier than anticipated, it could adversely affect our operations, financial reporting and results of operations. If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be adversely impacted.
40
Table of C
ontents
Because we do not expect to pay any dividends on our Class A subordinate voting shares for the foreseeable future, investors may never receive a return on their investment.
We have never declared or paid any dividends on our securities. We do not have any present intention to pay cash dividends on our Class A subordinate voting shares and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Class A subordinate voting shares in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant.
As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from certain provisions of the Exchange Act that are applicable to U.S. domestic public companies.
Although we have voluntarily chosen to file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K with the SEC, we remain a "foreign private issuer," as such term is defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act. As a result, we are exempt from certain provisions of the Exchange Act that are applicable to U.S. domestic public companies, including: (i) the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents or authorizations in respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act, (ii) the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their stock ownership and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time and (iii) Regulation Fair Disclosure, aimed at preventing issuers from making selective disclosures of material non-public information. In addition, as a foreign private issuer, we have the option to follow certain Canadian corporate governance practices, except to the extent