secondarily liable because a merchant or partner offered or sold products or services, or engaged in other conduct that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates their intellectual property or other proprietary rights. Third parties have in the past asserted, and may in the future assert, that Shopify is not protected by laws or legal doctrines allowing a safe harbor to platforms for infringing content posted by the platform’s users. The risk of claims may increase as the number of merchants and partners using our services, and the variety of solutions that we offer increases.
Any such claims, regardless of merit, that result in litigation could result in substantial expenses, divert the attention of management, cause significant delays in introducing new or enhanced services or technology, materially disrupt the conduct of our business and have a material and adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we do not believe that our proprietary technology, processes and methods have been patented by any third party, it is possible that patents have been issued to third parties that cover all or a portion of our business. As a consequence of any patent or other intellectual property claims, we could be required to pay substantial damages, develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty-bearing licensing agreements, stop selling or marketing some or all of our solutions, re-brand our solutions, or end our relationship with certain merchants or partners. We may also be obligated to indemnify our merchants or partners or pay substantial settlement costs, including royalty payments, in connection with any such claim or litigation and to obtain licenses, modify applications or refund fees, which could be costly. If it appears necessary, we may seek to secure license rights to intellectual property that we are alleged to infringe at a
30
Table of C
ontents
significant cost, potentially even if we believe such claims to be without merit. If required licenses cannot be obtained, or if existing licenses are not renewed, litigation could result. Litigation is inherently uncertain and can cause us to expend significant money, time and attention to it, even if we are ultimately successful, and otherwise negatively affect our business and operating results.
We may also become subject to claims, lawsuits (including class action or individual lawsuits), government or regulatory investigations, inquiries or audits and other proceedings. The number and significance of legal disputes have increased as we have grown larger, as our business has expanded in scope and geographic reach, and as our platform and solutions have increased in complexity, and we expect we will continue to face additional legal disputes. We also receive significant media attention, which could result in increased litigation or other legal or regulatory reviews and proceedings. Such investigations and legal proceedings may have a