valuations and interest rates.
The Company has a high concentration of risk associated with a small number of equity and other investments that are impacted by fluctuations in their fair values or by observable changes or impairments.
Interest Rate Risk
A portion of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and loans and debt securities earn interest. The Company’s trade and other receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities and lease liabilities do not bear interest. The Company's
0.125
% convertible senior notes due 2025 (the "Notes") have a fixed annual interest rate and thus, the Company does not have economic interest rate exposure on the Notes. The Company is not exposed to material interest rate risk.
Foreign Exchange Risk
The Company's results of operations and foreign currency assets and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency fluctuations.
While the majority of the Company's revenues, cost of revenues and operating expenses are denominated in USD, a significant portion are denominated in foreign currencies. Due to offering Shopify Payments, Shopify Capital, subscriptions and other billings to select countries in local currency, a significant proportion of revenue transactions are denominated in GBP, Euros and CAD. Furthermore, a significant proportion of operating expenses are also incurred in the aforementioned foreign currencies.
Although foreign currency fluctuations associated with revenues and costs may partially offset one another in earnings, the Company uses foreign exchange derivative products to mitigate a portion of the remaining exposure of foreign currency fluctuations as discussed in Note 5. By their nature, derivative financial instruments involve risk, including the credit risk of non-performance by counterparties.
Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in the Year
In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07 on Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures to enhance interim and annual disclosures at the segment level. Entities are required to provide disclosures of significant segmented expenses and other categories used by the Chief Operating Decision Maker. The Updates also clarify circumstances in which an entity can disclose multiple segment measures of profit or loss, provide new segment disclosure requirements for entities with a single reportable segment, and contain other disclosure requirements. The Updates are effective for annual periods beginning after January 1, 2024. The Company adopted this ASU in the year ended December 31, 2024. The CODM has determined that the Company operates in a single operating and reportable segment and manages segment profit (loss) based upon consolidated net income (loss). The impact of adoption on the Company's consolidated financial statements was disclosure of the segment measure of profit (loss) and the measure of segment assets reported on the consolidated balance sheet as total consolidated assets used by the CODM to assess segment