interpretations that change over time. Various jurisdictions (including Canada and European Union member states) are seeking to impose additional reporting,
32
Table of C
ontents
record-keeping or indirect tax collection and remittance obligations on certain platforms that facilitate online commerce. In June 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. that U.S. states may require collection of sales tax by companies that have no physical presence in the taxing state, and since the decision, many states have adopted or started to enforce laws relating to the collection and remittance of sales taxes in their jurisdiction by remote vendors and online marketplaces. The adoption and enforcement of such laws could require our merchants or us to incur substantial costs in order to comply, which could adversely affect buyer behavior, adversely affect some of our merchants and indirectly harm our business. Similar laws are being considered and/or implemented in other jurisdictions, where the application of value-added tax or other indirect taxes on online commerce is complex and evolving. When we believe we are subject to indirect taxes in a particular state or jurisdiction we undertake necessary steps to comply with the applicable rules and regulations. If a tax authority asserts that distribution of our solutions is subject to such taxes or additional reporting or record-keeping obligations, we or our merchants may need to incur additional costs and such additional costs may decrease the likelihood that merchants would purchase our solutions or continue to renew their subscriptions. We cannot assure that we will not be subject to indirect taxes or additional income taxes for past sales in jurisdictions where we currently believe no such taxes are required. New obligations to collect or pay taxes of any kind would increase our cost of doing business.
Our business and prospects would be harmed if changes to technologies used in our platform or new versions or upgrades of operating systems and internet browsers adversely impact the process by which merchants and buyers interface with our platform.
We believe the simple and straightforward interface for our platform has helped us to expand and offer our solutions to merchants with limited technical expertise. In the future, providers of internet browsers could introduce new features that would make it difficult for merchants to use our platform. In addition, internet browsers for desktop or mobile devices could introduce new features, change existing browser specifications such that they would be incompatible with our platform, or prevent buyers from accessing our merchants’ shops. Any changes to technologies used in our platform, to existing features that we rely on, or to operating systems or internet browsers that make it difficult for our merchants or their buyers to access our solutions, may make it more difficult for us to maintain or increase our revenues and could adversely