foreign exchange derivative products only with large banks and financial institutions that are considered to be highly creditworthy. We limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution and conduct timely evaluations of the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. Management mitigates the risks associated with marketable securities by adhering to its investment policy, which stipulates minimum rating requirements, maximum investment exposures and maximum maturities. Due to the Company’s diversified merchant base, there is no particular concentration of credit risk related to the Company’s trade and other receivables, loans receivable and merchant cash advances. Trade and other receivables, loans receivable and merchant cash advances are monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure timely collection of amounts. The Company has mitigated some of the risks associated with Shopify Capital by holding insurance policies with an AAA rated provider as of December 31, 2024. The Company pays a monthly premium based on total eligible dollars advanced, and records this as "General and administrative" expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). All policies include a deductible set at either a specified dollar loss threshold or calculated as a percentage of eligible advances issued. The receivable related to insurance recoveries, if any, is included in "Loans and merchant cash advances, net" in the consolidated balance sheets. There are no receivables from individual merchants accounting for 10% or more of revenues or receivables.
Equity and Other Investments Risk
The Company holds equity and other investments that are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our holdings. The Company's equity and
88
Table of Contents
other investments in public companies are recorded at fair value, which is subject to market price volatility. The Company also holds an investment option to purchase Series B common shares in Klaviyo, Inc. which is accounted for as a derivative instrument and valued using the Black-Scholes model, and is subject to market price volatility as well as a discount for lack of marketability. The Company's equity investments in private companies are recorded using the measurement alternative and are assessed each reporting period for observable price changes and impairments, which may involve estimates and judgments given the lack of readily available market data. Certain equity investments in private companies are in the early stages of development and are inherently risky due to their lack of operational history. Furthermore, for the equity method investment, Shopify's share of income and loss from these investments may cause volatility to Shopify's earnings. The Company's debt investments in convertible notes of private companies are recorded at fair value, which are impacted by the underlying entities'