performance and allocate resources.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09 on Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures that require greater disaggregation of income tax disclosures to the income rate tax rate reconciliation and
89
Table of Contents
income taxes paid. The Updates are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company will adopt and apply the guidance in fiscal year 2025. The Company is still assessing the impact of this disclosure ASU.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03 on Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses that enhances disclosure of certain costs and expenses to provide enhanced transparency into the expenses presented in the income statement. The Updates are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026. The Company will adopt and apply the guidance in fiscal year 2027. The Company is still assessing the impact of this disclosure ASU.
4.
Business Acquisition and Sales of Businesses
Business Acquisition
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company completed individually immaterial acquisitions that resulted in goodwill and intangible assets being recognized.
Deliverr, Inc.
On July 8, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Deliverr, a company based in San Francisco, California, that provided fulfillment services to ecommerce retailers. The acquisition accelerated the development of Shopify's logistics offering by adding Deliverr's software, which included machine learning and optimization technology. The Company acquired
100
% of the outstanding shares of Deliverr in exchange for cash consideration of $
1,962
million and $
10
million in Shopify Class A subordinate voting shares. In connection with the transaction, a further $
294
million in restricted shares, RSUs and stock options were issued and were accounted for as stock-based compensation as they were related to post-combination services. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination.
The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation of the Deliverr assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date:
The acquired technology was valued at $
255
million using a relief-from-royalty methodology, the customer relationships were valued at $
29
million using a cost approach and other intangibles were valued at $
4
million using a relief-from-royalty methodology, and amortized over
six
,
five
and
three years
, respectively. Goodwill from the Deliverr acquisition was primarily attributable to the synergies that resulted from integrating the Deliverr software with Shopify's logistics offering, and the acquisition of the assembled workforce.
None
of the goodwill recognized is deductible for income tax purposes. The deferred tax liability related to the taxable temporary difference on the acquired intangible assets.
90
Table of Contents
Sale of Businesses
In the second quarter of 2023 the Company sold its