larger competitors may be able to leverage a larger installed customer base and distribution network to adopt more aggressive pricing policies and offer more attractive sales terms, which could cause us to lose potential sales or to sell our solutions at lower prices. We also face competition from niche companies that offer particular products that attempt to address certain of the problems that our platform solves or to address certain merchant needs. Our potential new or existing competitors may be able to develop products and services better received by merchants or may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, regulations or merchant requirements.
Competition may intensify as our competitors enter into business arrangements or alliances or raise additional capital, or as established companies in other market segments or geographic markets expand
15
Table of C
ontents
into our market segments or geographic markets. For instance, certain competitors could use strong positions in one or more markets to gain a competitive advantage against us in areas where we operate by, among other things: integrating competing platforms, applications or features into products they control; making acquisitions; or making access to our platform more difficult including by changing the terms of service related to their products, which could impact our and our merchants’ ability to offer services or adversely impact our results of operations and those of our merchant
s. For example, large technology platforms have imposed and are considering imposing, or may provide its users the ability to impose, restrictions on the ability of other parties to access or use data from their customers and users. These practices may impact our merchants' ability to market and sell their offerings, which could affect the demand for our platform and lead to the loss of current or prospective merchants o
r other business relationships. Competitors may also be more established in international markets with a better understanding of local customs, providing them a competitive advantage. We also expect new entrants to offer competitive services and merchants may also seek to build their own solutions, including using advanced tools such as AI, and particularly in markets where development costs are lower. If we cannot compete successfully against current and future competitors, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
We store personal information including of our merchants and their buyers and users of our apps. If the security of this information is compromised or is otherwise accessed without authorization, our reputation may be harmed and we may be exposed to liability and loss of business.
We store personal information, credit card information and other confidential information of our merchants and their buyers, our partners and consumers with whom we have a direct