driver of merchant solutions revenue, are typically lower than on subscription solutions due to the associated third-party costs of providing this solution. We view this revenue stream as beneficial to our operating margins, as Shopify Payments requires significantly less sales and marketing and research and development expense than Shopify’s core subscription business. The lower margins on merchant solutions compared to subscription solutions means that the continued growth of merchant solutions may cause a decline in our overall gross margin percentage.
Seasonality
Our merchant solutions revenues are directionally correlated with the level of GMV that our merchants facilitated through our platform. Our merchants typically process additional GMV during the fourth quarter holiday season. As a result, we have historically generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarter than in other quarters. While we believe that this seasonality has affected and will continue to affect our quarterly results, our continued growth has partially masked seasonal trends to date. As a result of the continued growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our
29
Table of Contents
business may become more seasonal in the future and that historical patterns in our business may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance.
Foreign Currency Fluctuations
While the majority of our revenues, cost of revenues and operating expenses are denominated in USD, a significant portion are denominated in foreign currencies. Due to offering Shopify Payments, Shopify Capital, subscriptions and other billings to select countries in local currency, a significant proportion of revenue transactions are denominated in EUR, GBP and CAD. A significant proportion of operating expenses are also incurred and expected to be included in the aforementioned foreign currencies. To help mitigate the impacts associated with foreign currency fluctuations on future cash flows from operating expenses, we maintain a portfolio of foreign exchange forward contracts and options designated as hedging instruments. As our operations continue to expand internationally, we may be exposed to additional fluctuations in other foreign currencies. Refer to Part I — Item 3 "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on the effect on reported results of changes in foreign exchange rates.
Key Components of Results of Operations
See Part II — Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our 2024 Form 10-K for details on the key components of results of operations. There have been no material changes to our key components of results of operations during the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to those described in our 2024 Form 10-K.
30
Table of Contents
Quarterly Results of Operations
The following table sets forth a summary of our condensed