and currency conversion fees from Shopify Payments, we also generate merchant solutions revenue from referral fees from third parties, other transaction services and other services rendered as part of strategic partnerships and Shopify Capital. Shopify Capital helps eligible merchants secure financing and is currently available for merchants in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia. The majority of our merchant solutions revenues are directionally correlated with the level of GMV that our merchants process through our platform. Merchant solutions revenues increased from $1.4 billion in the three months ended March 31, 2024 to $1.7 billion in the three months ended March 31, 2025, representing an increase of 29%.
Our business model is driven by our ability to attract new merchants, retain revenue from existing merchants and increase sales to both new and existing merchants. Our merchants represent a wide array of retail verticals, business sizes, and geographies and no single merchant has ever represented more than five percent of our total revenues in a single reporting period. We believe that our future success depends on many factors, including our ability to expand our merchant base; localize features for specific geographies; retain merchants as they grow their businesses on our platform and adopt more features; offer more sales channels that connect merchants with potential customers; develop new solutions to extend our platform’s functionality and catalyze merchants’ sales growth; leverage emerging technologies, including AI; enhance our ecosystem and partner programs; provide a high level of merchant support; hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel; and build with a focus on maximizing long-term value.
We have focused on rapidly growing our business and plan to continue making investments to drive future growth. We believe that our investments will increase our revenue base, improve the retention of this base and strengthen our ability to increase sales to our merchants. Building a 100-year company requires a balance between growth and profitability, and we maintain a portfolio of investments with varying time horizons in our cash management program.
Key Performance Indicators
Our key performance indicators, which we do not consider to be non-GAAP measures, that we use to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions are MRR and GMV. Our key performance indicators may be calculated in a manner different than similar key performance indicators used by other companies.
The following table shows MRR and GMV for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
28
Table of Contents
Monthly Recurring Revenue
We calculate MRR at the end of each period by multiplying the number of merchants who have subscription plans with us at the period end date by the average monthly subscription plan fee, which excludes variable