carryforwards and tax credits, which could adversely affect our profitability.
As of December 31, 2024, we had loss carryforwards and tax credits in various jurisdictions. These loss carryforwards and tax credits could expire and/or be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our profitability.
Risks Related to Ownership of our Shares
The Founder Share has a variable number of votes, which has the effect of concentrating a degree of voting power with Tobias Lütke, that could be substantially greater than the economic interest of the shares he holds.
The Founder Share provides a variable number of votes that represents, when combined with the votes attached to certain other voting shares of Shopify beneficially owned or controlled by Tobias Lütke, his immediate family and affiliates, at least 40% of the aggregate voting power attached to all of Shopify's outstanding voting shares, provided that such variable number of votes does not cause the aggregate voting power of Tobias Lütke and his immediate family and affiliates to exceed 49.9% of the aggregate voting power attached to all of the Shopify's outstanding voting shares. Tobias Lütke also holds the substantial majority of our outstanding Class B restricted voting shares, each of which carries 10 votes per share, and as at December 31, 2024, held 631,611 Class A subordinate voting shares, representing
37
Table of C
ontents
0.03% of the aggregate voting power attached to all of Shopify's outstanding voting shares. As a result, as at December 31, 2024, Tobias Lütke owned, directly or indirectly, or exercised control or direction over shares representing 40.03% of the aggregate voting power attached to all of the Shopify's outstanding voting shares and therefore has significant influence over our management and affairs and over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions. There are no economic rights associated with the Founder Share, and in certain circumstances, Tobias Lütke could have voting power that is substantially greater than his economic interests and the percentage of shares that he holds. Future issuances of our Class A subordinate voting shares will dilute the voting power of our Class A subordinate voting shareholders. However, because of the variable voting power of the Founder Share, which effectively sets and preserves Tobias Lütke's voting power, future issuances of Class A subordinate voting shares will not generally result in dilution of the voting power of Tobias Lütke. This concentration of voting power will exist for the foreseeable future and continue until terminated in accordance with our certificate and articles of arrangement.
Each of our directors and officers owes a fiduciary duty to Shopify and must act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of Shopify. However, any director and/or officer that is a shareholder, even a controlling