positive and negative evidence, using a "more-likely-than-not" standard. The factors the Company uses to assess the likelihood of realization are its recent operating results, historical losses and the cumulative losses, forecasts of future pre-tax income and tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the deferred tax assets.
The Company had a provision for income taxes of $
209
million in the year ended December 31, 2024, on account of earnings and unrealized gains on the company's equity and other investments, net of an offset to the reversal of valuation allowance.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, there were significant unrealized gains on the Company's equity and other investments resulting in a deferred tax expense. As a result, a portion of the valuation allowance was reversed which partially offset the deferred tax expense in the current year.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company performed a U.S. state tax sourcing analysis that resulted in a change to our U.S. state tax apportionment. This also resulted in a reduction in deferred tax assets, including unused non-capital tax losses, that were fully offset by a valuation allowance.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development continues to advance efforts with respect to the global minimum tax framework ("Pillar Two"). On June 20, 2024, Canada enacted legislation in accordance with the Pillar Two framework. Many countries have also enacted or are expected to enact Pillar Two legislation. The Company continues to monitor the development and implementation of these rules both in local countries and on a multilateral basis, making it uncertain to predict the ultimate impact in the future. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company has recorded incremental tax relating to Pillar Two in the amount of $
18
million.
113
Table of Contents
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had a provision for income taxes of $
53
million, primarily on account of earnings in jurisdictions outside of North America.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of the application of the Company's tax rates to the results of ongoing operations, other discrete items primarily related to unrealized non-deductible losses on equity and other investments, share-based compensation and change in valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets in Canada as well as the United States, the Company had a recovery for income taxes of $
163
million.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, and following the reversal of a large portion of the unrealized gains on the Company’s equity and other investments, a valuation allowance was recorded against the excess of the Company's Canadian deferred income tax assets relative to its deferred income tax liabilities as the Company has a history of operating losses.
The Company receives a development and expansion incentive under the International Headquarters Award in Singapore. The incentives granted by