and other obligations may create regulatory, liability and reputational risks for Shopify.
We could also be subject to liability and/or governmental regulation related to the content of merchants’ shops, products and services or other activities of our merchants and/or partners in various jurisdictions around the world. In many jurisdictions, new laws, regulations or rules relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their customers and other third parties are currently being proposed and debated, or otherwise being tested in court. This liability could relate to a number of different types of legal claims or concerns, including concerns relating to unfair competition, unfair, deceptive and abusive practices, copyright and trademark infringement, defamation, invasion of privacy or other torts, products liability and other theories based on the nature of the relevant goods, services or content. Any legislation, court ruling or other governmental regulation or action that imposes liability on providers of online services in connection with the activities of their customers or their customers’ users could adversely affect our business. In such circumstances we may also be subject to liability under applicable law, which may not be fully mitigated by our terms of service. Any liability attributed to us could adversely affect our brand, reputation, ability to expand our merchant base and financial results.
For additional information regarding these and other laws, regulations and rules that affect us and our business, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Additional Information
Additional information about Shopify is available on our website at www.shopify.com, on the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or the website maintained by the Canadian Securities Administrators at www.sedarplus.ca. The aforementioned information is made available in accordance with legal requirements and is not, unless otherwise specifically stated, incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We are a "foreign private issuer" as such term is defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act, and are not subject to the same requirements that are imposed upon U.S. domestic issuers by the SEC. Although, as a foreign private issuer, we are not required to do so, we have chosen to file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K with the SEC instead of filing the reporting forms available to foreign private issuers. We will make available free of charge, through our website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.
Item 1A: Risk Factors
In addition to any other risks contained in this