approximately 28 shareholders of record of our Class B restricted voting shares and 1 Founder share, which is issued to Tobias Lütke.
Dividend Policy
The Company has not paid and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
[None]
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
[None]
Stock Performance Graph
The above graph compares the total shareholder return on a $100 investment in Shopify's Class A subordinate voting shares to the same investment in the S&P 500 IT Index and the S&P/TSX Composite
45
Table of C
ontents
Index over the same period. The above graph shows how a $100 investment in Shopify on January 2, 2020, with a closing stock price of $40.78 on such date (on a pro-forma basis, after giving effect to the Share Split), would have grown to $260.73 on December 31, 2024, with a closing stock price of $106.33 on such date.
The above graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Shopify Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
Item 6: [Reserved]
Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
In this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD&A"), "we", "us", "our", "Shopify" and "the Company" refer to Shopify Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. In this MD&A, we present Shopify's results of operations and cash flows for the fourth quarter and the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, and our financial position as of December 31, 2024. You should read this MD&A together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our audited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). All amounts are in U.S. dollars ("USD") except where otherwise indicated.
Our MD&A is intended to enable readers to gain an understanding of Shopify's results of operations, cash flows and financial position. To do so, we provide information and analysis comparing our results of operations, cash flows and financial position for the most recently completed period with the same period from the preceding fiscal year. We also provide analysis and commentary that we believe will help investors assess our future prospects. In addition, we provide "forward-looking statements" that are not historical facts, but that are based on our current estimates, beliefs and assumptions and which are subject to known and unknown important risks,