Additionally, such laws and regulations are often inconsistent and may be subject to amendment or re-interpretation, which may cause us to incur significant costs and expend significant effort to ensure compliance. Given that requirements may be inconsistent and evolving, how
26
Table of C
ontents
we choose to respond to these requirements globally may not meet the expectations of individual merchants, their buyers or other stakeholders, which could thereby reduce the demand for our services. Finally, some merchants, partners or service providers may respond to these evolving laws and regulations by asking us to make certain privacy or data related contractual commitments that we are unable or unwilling to make or by placing restrictions on how data may be used. Restrictions imposed by our partners or other third parties may also impair our merchant's ability to sell or market their products, which could affect the demand for our platform. Any of these responses or restrictions could lead to a loss of current or prospective merchants or other business relationships.
Certain laws and regulations also include restrictions on the transfer of personal information across borders or apply with extra-territorial effect. Because our services are accessible worldwide, certain foreign jurisdictions may claim that we are required to comply with such laws even in jurisdictions where we have no local entity, employees or infrastructure. Some of these laws include strict localization provisions that require certain data to be stored within a particular region or jurisdiction. We rely on a globally distributed infrastructure in order to be able to provide our services efficiently, and consequently may not be able to meet the needs of merchants who are located in or otherwise subject to such localization requirements, which may reduce the demand for our services.
Other laws and regulations, like the GDPR, generally prohibit cross-border data transfers and onward transfers unless specific conditions are met, such as a determination that a jurisdiction provides an "adequate" level of data protection or the existence of other "appropriate safeguards" that provide some assurances as to the treatment and protection of such data. We rely on a variety of these mechanisms, including the European Commission Decision 2002/2/EC regarding the adequacy of Canadian law and Standard Contractual Clauses, and eventually intend to rely on Binding Corporate Rules for transfers between Shopify entities, to strengthen our ability to efficiently provide our services around the globe at scale. If we are no longer able to rely on a particular transfer mechanism or are otherwise unable to transfer personal information across borders, we may not be able to operate in certain jurisdictions, which may reduce the demand for our services and limit our opportunities for international growth. As the enforcement landscape further develops, and supervisory authorities issue further guidance on