sales and marketing, $8 million in research and development and $11 million in general and administrative.
(5)
In the third quarter of 2023, we had $38 million of impairment related costs associated with right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements.
We believe that year-over-year comparisons are more meaningful than our sequential results due to seasonality in our business. While we believe that this seasonality has affected and will continue to affect our quarterly results, our rapid growth has partially masked seasonal trends to date. Our merchant solutions revenues are directionally correlated with our merchants' GMV. Our merchants' GMV typically increases during the fourth-quarter holiday season. As a result, we have historically generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarter than in other quarters. As a result of the growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our business may become more seasonal in the future, and that historical patterns in our business may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance.
Quarterly Revenue and Gross Margin Trends
Historically, revenues experienced a seasonal decrease in our first quarter as consumers typically reduce their spending following the holiday season resulting in a seasonal decrease in GMV per merchant, which was not completely offset by merchant and MRR growth. Subsequently, revenues have increased in each of the next three quarters as a result of merchant, MRR and overall GMV growth. Our merchants have processed additional GMV during the fourth-quarter holiday seasons, and as a result we have generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarters compared to other quarters. Due to the continued growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our business may become more seasonal in the future.
Our gross margin is generally driven by the mix between our higher margin subscription solutions revenue and lower margin merchant solutions revenue. While our total revenues have increased in recent periods, the mix has shifted towards merchant solutions revenue, most notably in the fourth quarter due to higher holiday volume of orders facilitated and the resulting Shopify Payments revenue during this period. We expect this overall trend to continue over time.
61
Table of C
ontents
In connection with expanding our operations internationally, we anticipate a growing proportion of our revenues and cost of sales transactions to be incurred in foreign currencies as compared to USD due to increased Shopify Payments, Shopify Capital, subscriptions and other billings to select countries in local currency. Fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to the USD may impact identified quarterly and yearly trends.
Quarterly Operating Expenses Trends
Excluding the events described below and outlined in the tables above, prior to the second quarter of 2023 operating expense growth was relatively steady. Following the workforce reduction and sales of