future interpretations may impact our business. Certain jurisdictions have enacted, or are considering the enactment, of comprehensive legal compliance frameworks specifically related to AI. Any failure or perceived failure by us, our service providers or our
20
Table of C
ontents
merchants to comply with such requirements, if applicable, could have an adverse impact on our business. Additionally, AI decisions or output that are based (partially or solely) on automated processing or profiling, inappropriate or controversial data practices, or insufficient disclosures regarding AI-generated content, may: undermine the decisions, predictions, analysis or solutions AI tools produce; lead to unintentional bias or discrimination; or impair the acceptance of AI solutions, subjecting us to legal liability, regulatory investigations, or competitive, reputational or other harm, which may negatively impact the value of our business, our intellectual property and our brand. The rapid evolution of AI and machine learning may require us to allocate additional resources to help implement AI and machine learning in a responsible and ethical way, in order to minimize unintended or harmful impacts, and may also require us to make investments in the development of proprietary datasets, machine learning models or other systems, which could be costly and negatively impact our profitability.
Our limited operating history in new and developing markets and new geographic regions may increase the risk that our growth and expansion efforts will not be successful.
We operate in new and developing markets that may not develop as we expect and elements of our business strategy are new and subject to ongoing development. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, including increasing and unforeseen expenses as we continue to grow our business. If we do not manage these risks successfully, our business, results of operations and prospects could be harmed.
Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to continue to expand into new geographic regions and offer new products and we will face risks entering markets in which we have limited or no experience, which have additional complexity and in which we have limited or no brand recognition. It is costly to establish, develop and maintain international operations, and to promote our brand internationally. In addition, continuing to expand into new geographic regions, including those where the main language is not English, requires substantial expenditures and will take considerable time and attention, and we may not be successful enough in these new markets to recoup our investments in a timely manner, or at all. Our efforts to expand into new geographic regions may not be successful, which could limit our ability to grow our business.
Our business is susceptible to risks associated with international operations,