merchants, distributors and other third parties, which limit access to and use of our proprietary intellectual property. Although we rely, in part, upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the skills and ingenuity of our employees, as well as the functionality and frequent enhancements to our platform, make our intellectual property difficult to replicate.
Government Regulation
We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that may affect companies conducting business on the internet, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could adversely affect our business. For example, concern about the use of software as service platforms for illegal conduct, such as money laundering or supporting terrorist activities, may in the future result in legislation or other governmental action that could require changes to our platform. Similarly, legislation or other governmental action around online platforms that might be used to facilitate, enable or host the distribution of illegal or otherwise harmful content, goods or services, may require changes to our platform.
We are subject to U.S. and Canadian laws and regulations that may govern or restrict our business and activities in certain countries and with certain persons, including the economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the sanctions regulations administered or enforced by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions in
11
Table of C
ontents
Canada, and the export control laws administered by the U.S. Commerce Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security, the U.S. State Department’s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls and the Canadian Export and Import Controls Bureau. We are currently subject to a variety of laws and regulations in Canada, the United States, the European Economic Area and elsewhere related to financial services. Depending on how our merchant solutions, including our payments and lending products, evolve, we may be subject to additional laws in Canada and other jurisdictions worldwide.
We are also subject to federal, state, provincial and foreign laws that may relate to cybersecurity, privacy and the protection of data. Some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and regulators of data security breaches involving certain types of personal information and our agreements with certain merchants require us to notify them in the event of a security incident. Additionally, some jurisdictions as well as our contracts with certain merchants require us to use industry-standard or reasonable measures to safeguard personal information or confidential information, and thereby mitigate the risk of a security incident. We also expect the enactment of future laws and regulations regarding cybersecurity, privacy and the protection of data, that will likely apply to our business. These laws