opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Revenue Recognition - Principal versus Agent Considerations
As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, management follows the guidance provided in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, for determining whether the Company is the principal or an agent in arrangements with customers that involve another party that contributes to providing a specified service to a customer. In these instances, management determines whether the Company has promised to provide the service itself (as principal) or to arrange for the specified service to be provided by another party (as an agent). As disclosed by management, this determination is a matter of significant judgment that depends on the facts and circumstances of each arrangement. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of shipping labels, the sale of apps, the sale of themes, card services and installments services on a net basis as the Company is the agent in the arrangement with customers. All other revenue is reported on a gross basis, as management has determined it is the principal in the respective arrangements. Revenue reported on a gross basis makes up a significant portion of total revenues of $8,880 million.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Revenue Recognition – Principal versus Agent Considerations is a critical audit matter are (i) that there was significant judgment applied by management, in some instances, in assessing whether the Company (a) was primarily responsible for the fulfillment of the promised service, (b) had control of the promised service before it was transferred to the customer, and (c) had full discretion in establishing the price for the promised service; and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s determination as to whether the Company had promised to provide the service as principal or as an agent. These procedures also included, among others, testing the reasonableness of management’s determination as to whether the Company had promised to provide the service as principal or as an agent, which included assessing whether the Company was primarily responsible for the fulfillment of the promised service, had control of the promised service before it was transferred to the customer, and had full discretion in establishing the price for the promised service by considering the contractual