security breaches involving certain types of personal information and our agreements with certain merchants and partners require us to notify them in the event of certain security incidents. Additionally, some jurisdictions, as well as our contracts with certain merchants, require us to use industry-standard or reasonable measures to safeguard personal information or confidential information. These laws, which may focus on individuals’ financial and payment related
16
Table of C
ontents
information, are increasingly relevant to us, as we continue to collect and store more payment information from buyers directly through services such as Shop Pay.
Our failure to comply with legal or contractual requirements around the privacy and security of personal information could lead to significant fines and penalties imposed by regulators, as well as claims by our merchants, their buyers or other relevant stakeholders. These proceedings or violations could force us to incur significant expenses in defense or settlement of these proceedings, result in the imposition of monetary liability or injunctive relief, divert management’s time and attention, increase our costs of doing business and materially adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our solutions. In addition, if our security measures fail to protect credit card information adequately, we could be liable to our partners, our merchants, their buyers and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship, for their losses, as well as our payments processing partners under our agreements with them. As a result, we could be subject to fines and higher transaction fees, we could face regulatory or other legal action and our merchants could end their relationships with us. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data, merchant data and buyer data other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems or other cybersecurity incidents could impact or interrupt service to our merchants, their buyers and others who use our services, harm our reputation, subject us to significant liability and adversely affect our business and financial results.
We operate in an