our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023, operating expenses decreased and continued to decrease in the third quarter of 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024, we saw increased spend to support our operations growth. Due to the reversal of a previously recorded estimated legal liability in the second quarter of 2024, operating expenses decreased versus the first quarter of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024 and continuing into the fourth quarter of 2024, operating expenses increased in connection with operations growth.
We recognized an impairment on the sales of our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023. We also recognized restructuring expenses in the second quarter of 2023 which caused an increase in research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative spend relative to revenue in the quarter. We impaired certain office spaces in the third quarter of 2023, which caused an increase in general and administrative expense relative to revenue. In the second quarter of 2024, we released the remaining portion of the litigation contingency recorded in the second quarter of 2022 which decreased general and administrative spend. In addition, the sales of our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023, impacted the comparability of operating expenses. We note a significant portion of our operating expenses are incurred in foreign currencies which may impact the comparability of our quarterly and yearly trends.
Quarterly Other (Expense) Income Trends
Historically, there have been no consistent trends associated with other (expense) income as changes are impacted by fluctuations in the fair value of our equity investments in public companies with readily determinable fair values, observable changes or impairments associated with our equity investments in private companies without readily determinable fair values, changes in our equity method investment based on our share of income and loss, including amortization of the basis difference, changes in the fair value of our investments in convertible notes of private companies, foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The results from these changes may fluctuate from period to period and may cause volatility to our earnings as well as impact comparability of our results from period to period.
Key Balance Sheet Information
(1)
Excludes $709 million and $115 million of marketable securities classified in "Long-term Investments" as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Total net assets increased $2.5 billion as of December 31, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, due to the increase of $2.6 billion in total assets and the decrease of $133 million in total liabilities. The increase in net assets is primarily due to the cash provided by operating activities of $1.6 billion and an increase in Equity and other investments from net unrealized gains on our investments of $1.0 billion.
62
Table of C
ontents
The following table