presents the total value of the Company's cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, long-term investments, equity and other investments and equity method investments by the assets' underlying geographic location:
Liquidity and Capital Resources
To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities as well as the sale of the Notes, raising approximately $7.8 billion, net of issuance costs, from investors.
In connection with the expiration of our previous short-form base shelf prospectus, we filed a new short-form base shelf prospectus with the securities commissions in each of the provinces and territories of Canada, except Quebec, and a corresponding shelf registration statement on Form F-10 with the U.S. SEC, on November 12, 2024. This shelf prospectus and registration statement enables Shopify to offer Class A subordinate voting shares, preferred shares, debt securities, warrants, subscription receipts, units, or any combination thereof, from time to time during the 25-month period that the shelf prospectus is effective. The type of securities and the specific terms thereof will be determined at the time of any offering and will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement to be filed separately with Canadian securities regulators and the SEC.
Our principal cash requirements are for working capital and ongoing operations. Excluding current deferred revenue and convertible senior notes, working capital as of December 31, 2024 was $6.5 billion. The $920 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes due in less than one year may be settled in Class A subordinate voting shares instead of cash, at our option. As a result of our employee compensation program there is a potential for an increase in cash usage as employees have the ability to elect how much of their total compensation will be in the form of cash versus stock-based compensation awards. Given the ongoing cash generated from operations and our existing cash and cash equivalents, we believe there is sufficient liquidity to meet our current and planned financial obligations over the next 12 months and into the foreseeable future. Our future financing requirements will depend on many factors, including but not limited to our growth rate, subscription renewal activity, the timing and extent of spending to support development of our platform, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the macroeconomic conditions and overall levels of consumer spending on goods and potential strategic investments and acquisitions activity. Although we currently are not a party to any material undisclosed agreement and do not have any understanding with any third parties with respect to potential material investments in, or material acquisitions of, businesses or technologies, we may enter into these types of arrangements in the future, which could also require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. Additional funds may not be available on terms