collaborative warehouse fulfillment solutions which were recognized over time, over the contractual term, which could have been up to
five years
. Payments received in advance of services being rendered were recorded as deferred revenue and recognized ratably over time, over the requisite service period.
Rewards Program
Our merchants' customers (or "buyers") in North America can participate in our rewards program ("Shop Cash") and earn Shop Cash rewards on certain eligible purchases made from merchants or through other incentive programs. Buyers can then redeem Shop Cash against purchases through the Shop app, which we track on their behalf. Shop Cash cannot be redeemed for cash.
Rewards issued to buyers, to whom we have no performance obligation, are generally expensed as a cost of revenues, however depending on the policy the rewards were earned under, they may be expensed as sales and marketing. The rewards are expensed when they are made available to the buyer at an estimated value based on the redemption value, less an estimate of Shop Cash rewards that are not expected to be redeemed ("breakage"). Breakage is based on historical breakage trends and supportable forecasted information.
Software Development Costs
Research and development costs are generally expensed as incurred. The Company may capitalize certain development costs incurred in connection with its internal use software. The Company expenses costs in the preliminary stages of development and may capitalize direct and incremental costs through technological feasibility, in which capitalization ceases once the additional features and functionality are put into service. Capitalized costs are recorded as part of intangible assets in the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of
two
or
three years
.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
Advertising costs included in sales and marketing expenses during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were $
546
million, $
497
million and $
505
million respectively.
82
Table of Contents
Stock-Based Compensation
The accounting for stock-based awards is based on the fair value of the award measured at the grant date. Accordingly, stock-based compensation cost is recognized as an operating expense over the requisite service period.
The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, single option approach. An estimate of forfeitures is applied when determining compensation expense. The Company determines the fair value of stock option awards on the date of grant using assumptions regarding expected term, share price volatility over the expected term of the awards, risk-free interest rate and dividend rate. All Class A subordinate voting shares issued in connection with options under the Company's Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan ("SOP") are from the Company's treasury pool.
The fair value of