considered to be highly creditworthy. We limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution and conduct timely evaluations of the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. Management mitigates the risks associated with marketable securities by adhering to its investment policy, which stipulates minimum rating requirements, maximum investment exposures and maximum maturities. Due to the Company’s diversified merchant base, there is no particular concentration of credit risk related to the Company’s trade and other receivables, loans receivable and merchant cash advances. Trade and other receivables, loans receivable and merchant cash advances are monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure timely collection of amounts. There are no receivables from individual merchants accounting for 10% or more of revenues or receivables.
Inflation Risk
We are subject to inflation risk that could have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our merchants are also subject to risks associated with inflationary pressures that could impact their business and financial condition. These pressures could subsequently result in impacts to our GMV and further affect our business, particularly if economic growth has slowed across many of the regions in which we operate.
Item 4: Controls and Procedures
All control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Accordingly, even disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
43
Table of Contents
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
Management of the Company, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined by the SEC) in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act for the Company to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, that is required to be made known to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer by others within the Company and disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted by it under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief