29 days of the expected repayment date.
The Company maintains an internal monitoring list related to its outstanding loans. A merchant's ability and willingness to repay the financing receivables outstanding under the program is analyzed for a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to current or expected age of the financing, merchant subscription or financing status, merchant gross merchandise volume trends and other changes to merchant credit profiles.
Merchant Cash Advances
The following table summarizes the activities of the Company’s allowance for credit losses related to uncollectible merchant cash advances receivable for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
18
Table of Contents
7.
Intangible Assets
The following table illustrates the classification of amortization expense related to intangible assets in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss):
Estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets, as of March 31, 2025 is as follows:
19
Table of Contents
8.
Goodwill
The Company's goodwill relates to acquisitions of various companies.
The gross changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024 are as follows:
(1)
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of Vantage Discovery Inc. (see note 18).
(2)
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company completed individually immaterial acquisitions that resulted in goodwill being recognized.
9.
Deferred Revenue
(1)
Deferral of revenue includes only the portion of collections from merchant billings throughout the period, primarily related to subscription fees, for which the services have not yet been provided. The amounts primarily exclude subscription revenue that has both been deferred and recognized within the period presented.
The opening balances of current and long-term deferred revenue were $
302
million and $
196
million, respectively, as of January 1, 2024.
As of March 31, 2025, the long-term deferred revenue, excluding non-cash consideration received, will be recognized ratably over the remaining terms of the contracts with the customers, which range from
two
to
three years
.
The Company has received non-cash consideration in the form of equity investments in exchange for services to be rendered as part of strategic partnerships. As the Company is required to provide referral services and other services to support the partners' merchant offerings over the period of the performance obligations, revenue is deferred and recognized over time on a ratable basis over the expected terms of the contracts.
20
Table of Contents
The table below summarizes the gross changes in deferred revenue associated with this non-cash consideration received for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
The Company will recognize this revenue ratably over the remaining terms of the respective strategic