entities' valuations and interest rates. Our investment option derivative to purchase Series B common shares in Klaviyo, representing $204 million of our investments as of December 31, 2024, is impacted by market price volatility and interest rates.
Our marketable securities greater than one year, and less than 3 years, representing $708 million of our investments as of December 31, 2024, are recorded at carrying value and any changes in the fair value due to the interest rate are not recorded until the investment is sold as they are classified as "held to maturity". The results from these changes may fluctuate from period to period and may cause volatility to our earnings as well as impact comparability of our results from period to period.
Interest Rate Risk
We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in our cash management program totaling $5.5 billion as of December 31, 2024. The cash and cash equivalents are held for operations and working capital purposes. Our investments within cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into these types of investments for trading or speculative purposes.
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates. Our future investment income may fall short of our expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as "held to maturity", no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other than temporary.
In September 2020, we issued $920 million aggregate principal amount of Notes. The Notes have a fixed annual interest rate of 0.125%; accordingly, we do not have economic interest rate exposure on the Notes. However, the fair market value of the Notes is exposed to interest rate risk. Generally, the fair market value of our fixed interest rate Notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. In addition, the fair market value of the Notes will generally fluctuate as the price of our Class A subordinate voting shares fluctuates. We carry the Notes at face value less debt offering costs, plus any amortization of offering costs, and we present the fair value for required disclosure purposes only.
The Company holds convertible notes in private companies. These investments are classified as available-for-sale debt securities, for which we have elected to account for under the fair value option. These investments are carried at fair value at each balance sheet date and any movements in the fair value are recognized in "Net income (loss)" in the