and support. Our subscription plans typically have a one-month term, although merchants can have annual or multi-year subscription terms. Subscription terms automatically renew unless notice of cancellation is provided in advance. Merchants purchase subscription plans directly from us.
We also generate additional subscription solutions revenues from merchants that have subscription plans with us through the sale of apps, the registration of domain names and the sale of themes. Revenues from the sale of apps, the registration of domain names and the sale of themes have been classified within subscription solutions on the basis that they are typically sold at the time the merchant enters into the subscription arrangement or because they are charged on a recurring basis.
Merchant Solutions
We principally generate merchant solutions revenues from payment processing fees and currency conversion fees from Shopify Payments, referral fees from partners, Shopify Capital and Transaction Fees.
Other revenue generating services and products include, but are not limited to, the sale of shipping labels through Shopify Shipping, the sale of point-of-sale ("POS") hardware, advertising on the Shopify App Store and Shop Campaigns, our buyer acquisition offering.
In the second quarter of 2023, we sold our logistics businesses. Prior to the sales of these businesses, Shopify Fulfillment Network and Deliverr fulfillment services generated revenue from their respective fulfillment solutions, which included picking, packing and preparing orders for shipment and outbound shipping, as well as additional revenues from inbound shipping, storage, returns processing and other fulfillment-related services as needed by merchants. We also earned revenues from providing cloud-based software on collaborative warehouse fulfillment solutions.
For a discussion of how we expect seasonal factors to affect our merchant solutions revenue, see “Factors Affecting the Comparability of our Results—Seasonality".
Cost of Revenues
Cost of Subscription Solutions
Cost of subscription solutions consists primarily of third-party infrastructure, hosting costs and other direct costs, an allocation of costs incurred by both the operations and support functions, including personnel-related costs directly associated with subscription solutions such as salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, processing fees related to billing our merchants, payments for domain registration and amortization of acquired intangible assets.
We expect that the cost of subscription solutions will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in growing our business, and as the number of merchants utilizing the platform increases along with the costs of supporting those merchants. Over time, we expect that our subscription solutions gross margin percentage will fluctuate modestly based on the mix of subscription plans that our merchants select and the timing of expenditures related to infrastructure expansion