terms with customers, on a sample basis, and agreements with service providers, where applicable, and considering whether these conclusions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit.
/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
Ottawa, Canada
February 11, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2011.
75
Shopify Inc.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(
Expressed in US $ millions, except share amounts)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
76
Shopify Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
(Expressed in US $ millions, except share and per share amounts)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
77
Shopify Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
(Expressed in US $ millions, except share amounts)
(1)
Share amounts as of December 31, 2021 have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the share split ("Share Split") effected in June 2022. See Note 19 for details.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
78
Shopify Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(Expressed in US $ millions)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
79
Table of Contents
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
1.
Nature of Business
Shopify Inc. ("Shopify" or the "Company") was incorporated on September 28, 2004. Shopify is a leading global commerce company that provides essential internet infrastructure for commerce, offering trusted tools to start, scale, market and run a business of any size. Shopify makes commerce better for everyone with a software platform and services that are engineered for simplicity and reliability, while delivering a better shopping experience for consumers everywhere. The Company's software enables merchants to run their business across all of their sales channels, including web and mobile storefronts, physical retail locations, social media storefronts and marketplaces. The Shopify platform provides merchants with a single view of their business across all of their sales channels and enables them to manage products and inventory, process orders and payments, fulfill and ship orders, build customer relationships, source products, leverage analytics and reporting and access financing, all from one integrated back office.
2.
Basis of Presentation and Consolidation
These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its directly and indirectly held wholly owned subsidiaries including, but not limited to: Shopify LLC, Shopify Holdings (USA) 2 Inc., Shopify (USA) Inc., Shopify Strategic Holdings 3 LLC, incorporated in the state of Delaware in the United States; Shopify International Limited, incorporated in Ireland; Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd., incorporated in Singapore; All intercompany