merchant solutions revenue. While our total revenues have increased in recent periods, the mix has shifted towards merchant solutions revenue, most notably in the fourth quarter due to higher holiday volume of orders facilitated and the resulting Shopify Payments revenue during this period. We expect this overall trend to continue over time.
In connection with expanding our operations internationally, we anticipate a growing proportion of our revenues and cost of sales transactions to be incurred in foreign currencies as compared to USD due to increased Shopify Payments, Shopify Capital, subscriptions and other billings to select countries in local
37
Table of Contents
currency. Fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to the USD may impact identified quarterly and yearly trends.
Quarterly Operating Expenses Trends
Excluding the events described below and outlined in the tables above, prior to the second quarter of 2023 operating expense growth was relatively steady. Following the workforce reduction and sales of our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023, operating expenses decreased and continued to decrease in the third quarter of 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024, we saw increased spend to support our operations growth. Due to the reversal of a previously recorded estimated legal liability in the second quarter of 2024, operating expenses decreased versus the first quarter of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024 and continuing into the first quarter of 2025, operating expenses increased in connection with operations growth.
We recognized an impairment on the sales of our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023. We also recognized restructuring expenses in the second quarter of 2023 which caused an increase in research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative spend relative to revenue in the quarter. We impaired certain office spaces in the third quarter of 2023, which caused an increase in general and administrative expense relative to revenue. In the second quarter of 2024, we released the remaining portion of the litigation contingency recorded in the second quarter of 2022 which decreased general and administrative spend. In addition, the sales of our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023, impacted the comparability of operating expenses. We note a significant portion of our operating expenses are incurred in foreign currencies which may impact the comparability of our quarterly and yearly trends.
Quarterly (Loss) Gain on Equity and Equity Method Investments and Other Income Trends
Historically, there have been no consistent trends associated with (loss) gain on equity and equity method investments and other income as changes are impacted by fluctuations in the fair value of our equity investments in public companies with readily determinable fair values, observable changes or impairments associated with our equity investments in private