Company's share of income or loss in the investee, combined with the amortization of the basis difference, is presented as "Net loss on equity method investment" in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
Investment options to purchase additional shares of equity and other investments are classified as a derivative instrument at fair value using the Black-Scholes model. These derivative instruments are not designated as hedges and presented within "Equity and other investments" in the consolidated balance sheets.
The Company assesses its equity and other investments in private companies and equity method investment for impairment through analyzing market conditions, business results and other qualitative measures that suggest that the carrying amount of the investment may be impaired, and the decline in value below the carrying amount is determined to be other than temporary.
Derivatives and Hedging
The majority of the Company's derivative products are foreign exchange forward contracts and options, which are designated as cash flow hedges of foreign currency forecasted expenses. By their nature, derivative financial instruments involve risk, including the credit risk of non-performance by counterparties. The Company may hold foreign exchange forward contracts and options to mitigate the risk of future foreign exchange rate volatility related to future British Pound Sterling ("GBP"), Euros, Canadian dollar ("CAD") and Australian dollar ("AUD") denominated costs and current and future obligations.
The Company's foreign currency forward contracts and options generally have maturities of 12 months or less. The critical terms match method is used when the key terms of the hedging instrument and that of the hedged item are aligned; therefore, the changes in fair value of the forward contracts and options are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"). The effective portion of the gain or loss on each forward contract and option is reported as a component of AOCI and reclassified into earnings to either cost of revenue or operating expense in the same period, or periods, during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gains or losses, if any, is recorded immediately in "Other income (expense), net".
For hedges that do not qualify for the critical terms match method of accounting, a formal assessment is performed to verify that derivatives used in hedging transactions continue to be highly effective in offsetting the changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. Hedge accounting is discontinued if a derivative ceases to be highly effective, matures, is terminated or sold, if a hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring, or if the Company removes the derivative's hedge designation. For discontinued cash flow hedges, the accumulated gain or loss on the derivative remains in AOCI and is reclassified into earnings in the period in which