terms specific to a series of preferred shares or as required by law, will not be entitled to vote at meetings of holders of shares.
Stock-Based Compensation
In 2008, the Board of Directors adopted and the Company’s shareholders approved the Legacy Option Plan. Immediately prior to the completion of the Company’s May 2015 Initial Public Offering ("IPO"), and in connection with the closing of the offering, each option outstanding under the Legacy Option Plan became exercisable for
one
Class B restricted voting share. Following the closing of the Company’s IPO, no further awards were made under the Legacy Option Plan. The Legacy Option Plan continues to govern awards granted thereunder.
The Company’s Board of Directors and shareholders approved a stock option plan ("SOP"), as well as a long term incentive plan ("LTIP"), each of which became effective upon the closing of the Company's IPO on May 27, 2015. On May 30, 2018, May 26, 2021 and June 4, 2024 these plans were amended following approval from the Company’s Board of Directors and shareholders.
On July 8, 2022, the Company approved the issuance of rollover options, from the Company's treasury pool, under the Deliverr, Inc. 2017 Stock Option and Grant Plan, adopted on the closing of the acquisition of Deliverr.
The SOP allows for the grant of options to the Company’s officers, directors, employees and consultants. All options granted under the SOP will have an exercise price determined and approved by the Company’s Compensation and Talent Management Committee of the Board of Directors at the time of grant, which shall not be less than the market price of the Class A subordinate voting shares at such time. For purposes of the SOP, the market price of the Class A subordinate voting shares shall be the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A subordinate voting shares on the NYSE for the
five
trading days ending on the last trading day before the day on which the option is granted. Options granted under the SOP are exercisable for Class A subordinate voting shares. Both the vesting period and term of the options in the SOP are determined by the Compensation and Talent Management Committee of the Board of Directors at the time of grant. Options granted under the SOP between
107
Table of Contents
November 2017 and August 2022 have been approved with a
three year
vesting schedule with one-third vesting after one year and the remainder vesting evenly over the remaining
24
months. As a result of Flex Comp, certain options in the aforementioned plans were forfeited and their associated vesting schedules were ended. For employees that allocated a portion of their new total compensation reward to obtain options, such options are granted quarterly and generally vest on a monthly basis over a period of
three months
, or if allocated to the long-term equity component, generally vest over a
three year
period.
The LTIP provides for the grant of share units, or LTIP Units, consisting of RSUs,