Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a15(f)) identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
44
Table of Contents
PART II: OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1: Legal Proceedings
The information set forth under “Note 11 — Contingencies — Litigation and Loss Contingencies” to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I — Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 1A: Risk Factors
We are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition including, not limited to, those described in Part I — Item 1A "Risk Factors” in the Company's 2024 Form 10-K. Current global economic and geopolitical events and conditions may amplify many of these risks. These risks are not the only risks that may affect us. Additional risks that we are not aware of or do not believe are material at the time of this filing may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. There have been no material changes to the Company’s risk factors from those disclosed in the 2024 Form 10-K.
Item 2: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
[None]
Item 3: Defaults Upon Senior Securities
Not applicable.
Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Item 5: Other Information
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company’s directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) listed below
adopted
, modified or
terminated
trading plans intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act.
On
March 6, 2025
,
Gail Goodman
, a
member of the Company's board of directors
,
entered into a trading plan
that provides for the potential sale of up to
41,430
shares of the Company’s Class A Subordinate Voting Shares. The plan will terminate on
November 16, 2026
, subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth in the plan.
45
Table of Contents
Item 6: Exhibits
Index to Exhibits
Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
May 8, 2025
Shopify Inc.
46