account for it using the fair value option for the investment, which is classified within "Equity and other investments". In the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized $
32
million of interest income related to the convertible note within "Interest income" and an immaterial amount of unrealized losses in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss), resulting in a fair value of $
291
million as of December 31, 2024.
19.
Shareholders’ Equity
Founder Share
On June 7, 2022, the Company's shareholders approved an update to the Company's governance structure pursuant to a plan of arrangement (the "Arrangement"). Under the terms of the Arrangement, on June 9, 2022 the Company created a new class of share, designated as the Founder share, and issued such Founder share to Tobias Lütke. The Founder share provides Mr. Lütke with a variable number of votes that, when combined with the Class B multiple voting shares (which are now described as Class B restricted voting shares as a result of the Company's updated governance structure) beneficially owned
106
Table of Contents
by him, his immediate family and his affiliates, represents
40
% of the aggregate voting power attached to all of the Company's outstanding shares.
Share Split
On June 7, 2022, the Company's shareholders approved a
ten
-for-one split of the Company's Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted voting shares. Each shareholder of record on June 22, 2022 received nine additional Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted voting shares, as applicable, for every one share held, distributed after close of trading on June 28, 2022. All share and per share amounts presented herein have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the impact of the Share Split.
Common Stock Authorized
The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of Class A subordinate voting shares, an unlimited number of Class B restricted voting shares and
one
Founder share. The Class A subordinate voting shares have
one
vote per share, the Class B restricted voting shares have
10
votes per share and the Founder share has a variable number of votes per share. The Class B restricted voting shares are convertible into Class A subordinate voting shares on a
one
-for-one basis at the option of the holder. Class B restricted voting shares will also automatically convert into Class A subordinate voting shares in certain other circumstances. The Founder share cannot convert into either Class A subordinate voting shares or Class B restricted voting shares.
Preferred Shares Authorized
The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of preferred shares issuable in series. Each series of preferred shares shall consist of such number of shares and having such rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions as may be determined by the Company’s Board of Directors prior to the issuance thereof. Holders of preferred shares, except as otherwise provided in the