sheets. Additional accrued interest of $
62
million recognized on the convertible notes in private companies is included in the carrying amount and fair value above.
The following table outlines estimated fair values of our debt securities by date of contractual maturity as of March 31, 2025:
Equity Securities
The Company holds equity investments in public and private companies that were obtained through a combination of direct investment and strategic partnerships.
Equity Investments with Readily Determinable Fair Values
Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are comprised of:
(1)
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, $
14
million was transferred from Level 3 to Level 1, respectively, due to the vesting of warrants (March 31, 2024 - $
9
million). The equity investments categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy represent unvested warrants that require the application of a discount for lack of marketability which was
18
% at March 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 -
18
%).
13
Table of Contents
Adjustments related to equity and other investments with readily determinable fair values for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
Equity Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values
The carrying value of equity investments in private companies without readily determinable fair values were as follows:
Adjustments related to equity and other investments without readily determinable fair values for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
(1)
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company applied certain valuation methods based on information available, including the market approach and option pricing models in order to quantify the level of impairment recognized. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company identified an observable price change resulting in the remeasurement of private investments at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The resulting unrealized losses and impairments were presented as "Net unrealized (loss) gain on equity and other investments" in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
As of March 31, 2025, included in the total $
709
million of equity and other investments without readily determinable fair values, $
585
million was remeasured at fair value and was classified within Level 3 of the fair value measurement hierarchy on a non-recurring basis.
In April 2025, consistent with the Company's ongoing strategic investments, the Company invested $
67
million in private companies.
Equity Method Investment
The Company holds an equity method investment in Flexport which is presented within "Equity method investment" in the condensed consolidated balance sheets and is carried at the amount of Shopify’s original investment, as adjusted each period for Shopify’s share of the investee’s income or loss and the basis difference amortization, which is the difference between the fair value of our