consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The underlying entity's valuation includes inputs such as interest rates which impact the market value of the investment.
69
Table of C
ontents
Concentration of Credit Risk
The Company’s cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade and other receivables, loans, merchant cash advances and foreign exchange derivative instruments subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Management mitigates this risk associated with cash and cash equivalents by making deposits and entering into foreign exchange derivative products only with large banks and financial institutions that are considered to be highly creditworthy. We limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution and conduct timely evaluations of the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. Management mitigates the risks associated with marketable securities by adhering to its investment policy, which stipulates minimum rating requirements, maximum investment exposures and maximum maturities. Due to the Company’s diversified merchant base, there is no particular concentration of credit risk related to the Company’s trade and other receivables, loans receivable and merchant cash advances. Trade and other receivables, loans receivable and merchant cash advances are monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure timely collection of amounts. The Company has mitigated some of the risks associated with Shopify Capital by holding insurance policies with an AAA rated provider as of December 31, 2024. The Company pays a monthly premium based on total eligible dollars advanced, and records this as "General and administrative" expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). All policies include a deductible set at either a specified dollar loss threshold or calculated as a percentage of eligible advances issued. After considering the Company’s deductible and the insurer's maximum liability under the policies, the majority of the Company's gross outstanding balance of loans and merchant cash advances as of December 31, 2024 is covered. The receivable related to insurance recoveries, if any, is included in "Loans and merchant cash advances, net" in the consolidated balance sheets. There are no receivables from individual merchants accounting for 10% or more of revenues or receivables.
Inflation Risk
We are subject to inflation risk that could have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our merchants are also subject to risks associated with inflationary pressures that could impact their business and financial condition. These pressures could