the Act).  Yes o No
x
The aggregate market value of the registrant's Class A Subordinate Voting Shares held by non-affiliates, based on the closing price of the Class A Subordinate Voting Shares as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on June 28, 2024, the end of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $
79,793,497,805
.
The registrant ha
d
1,215,528,049
C
lass A Subordinate Vot
ing Shares,
79,292,685
Class B Res
tricted Voting Shares and
1
Founder Share issued and outstanding as of February 7, 2025.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Not applicable.
EXPLANATORY NOTE
Shopify Inc., a corporation existing under the Canada Business Corporations Act, qualifies as a foreign private issuer in the United States ("U.S.") for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Although, as a foreign private issuer, Shopify Inc. is not required to do so, Shopify Inc. has chosen to file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") instead of filing the reporting forms available to foreign private issuers.
Shopify Inc. intends to prepare and file a management information circular and related materials under Canadian requirements. As Shopify Inc.'s management information circular is not filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, Shopify Inc. may not incorporate by reference information required by Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K from its management information circular. Accordingly, in reliance upon and as permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, Shopify Inc. will be filing an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K containing the Part III information no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Shopify Inc.
Form 10-K
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2024
TABLE OF CONTENTS
General Matters
Information Contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
In this Annual Report on Form 10-K "we", "our", "Shopify" and the "Company" refer to Shopify Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. References to our "solutions" means the combination of products and services that we offer to merchants, and references to "our merchants" as of a particular date means the total number of unique shops that are paying for a subscription to our platform. Words importing the singular, where the context requires, include the plural and vice versa and words importing any gender include all genders.
Shopify, the associated Shopify logo and the shopping bag design are registered trademarks of Shopify Inc. or its subsidiaries. All other trademarks and brand names used herein are the property of their respective owners.
Presentation of Financial Information
We prepare and report our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). Our reporting