expenses are denominated in USD, a significant portion are denominated in foreign currencies. Due to offering Shopify Payments, Shopify Capital, subscriptions and other billings to select countries in local currency, a significant proportion of revenue transactions are denominated in British pound sterling ("GBP"), Euros ("EUR") and Canadian dollars ("CAD"). Furthermore, a significant proportion of operating expenses are also incurred in the aforementioned foreign currencies.
Although foreign currency fluctuations associated with revenues and costs may partially offset one another in earnings, the Company uses foreign exchange derivative products to mitigate a portion of the remaining exposure of foreign currency fluctuations as discussed in Note 4. By their nature, derivative financial instruments involve risk, including the credit risk of non-performance by counterparties.
11
Table of Contents
4.
Financial Instruments
The Company measures financial instruments based on quoted prices in active markets (Level 1), inputs from similar instruments such as quoted prices or other observable market data (Level 2) or where little or no market activity exists, using unobservable inputs that require judgment or estimation (Level 3).
Debt Securities
The Company holds certain debt securities that are classified as held-to-maturity at the time of purchase as the Company has both the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity. The fair value of corporate bonds are based upon Level 2 inputs, which include period-end mid-market quotations for each underlying contract as calculated by the financial institution with which the Company has transacted. The quotations are based on bid/ask quotations and represent the discounted future settlement amounts based on current market rates.
The Company also holds debt securities in the form of convertible notes in private companies classified as available-for-sale for which the Company has elected to apply the fair value option. The investments are carried at fair value at each balance sheet date and any movements in the fair values are classified as "Other expense, net" in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
The following tables summarize debt securities by balance sheet classification and level within the fair value hierarchy:
The fair values of marketable securities above include accrued interest of $
10
million, which is excluded from the carrying amounts. The accrued interest is included in "Trade and other receivables, net" in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Additional accrued interest of $
72
million recognized on the convertible notes in private companies is included in the carrying amount and fair value above.
12
Table of Contents
The fair values above include accrued interest of $
19
million, which is excluded from the carrying amounts. The accrued interest is included in "Trade and other receivables, net" in the condensed consolidated balance