are consistent with our mission and will improve our financial performance over the long-term. Due to these factors and the continued evolution of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and operating margin may not be indicative of future performance.
In the long term, we anticipate that our growth rate will decline over time to the extent that the number of merchants using our platform increases and we achieve higher market penetration rates. If our growth rate declines, investors' perception of our business may be adversely affected and the trading price of our Class A subordinate voting shares could decline as a result. To the extent our growth rate slows, our business performance will become increasingly dependent on our ability to retain and increase revenue from existing merchants.
Our business could be harmed if we fail to manage our growth effectively.
The scalability and flexibility of our platform depends on the functionality of our technology and network infrastructure and its ability to handle increased traffic and demand for bandwidth. The growth in merchants using our platform and the orders processed through our platform have increased the amount of data and requests that we process. Any problems with the transmission of increased data and requests could result in harm to our brand or reputation. Moreover, as our business grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our operational infrastructure and continuing to enhance its scalability in order to maintain the performance of our platform. Moreover, we may face integration challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control. If we are unable to manage operational and integration challenges, or suffer unknown liabilities and reputational damage, our business may be adversely affected.
We intend to further expand our overall business with no assurance that our revenues will continue to grow. While we intend to expand our business without significant additional hiring in the near term, we may be unable to achieve that expansion without increasing our headcount. As we grow, we will be required to continue to improve our financial controls and procedures, and we may not be able to do so effectively.
Our business is highly competitive. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors.
We face competition in various aspects of our business and we expect such competition may intensify in the future, as existing and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services and as our business continues to evolve and expand into new areas. We have competitors with longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition, greater experience and more extensive commercial relationships in certain jurisdictions, and greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Some of our