relationship. Mobile applications integrated with Shopify and the third-party apps available for our platform may also store personal information, credit card information and/or other confidential information. While we use technology to monitor for compliance with eligibility requirements for certain Shopify offerings, we do not proactively and comprehensively monitor all content on all of our merchants’ shops, or the information provided to us through the applications integrated with Shopify, and, therefore, we do not control the substance of the content on our platform, which may include personal information. Additionally, we use dozens of third-party service providers and subprocessors to help us operate our business and deliver services to merchants and their buyers. These service providers and subprocessors may store or access personal information, credit card information and/or other confidential information.
There have been in the past, and may be in the future, successful attempts to obtain or to provide unauthorized access to the personal or confidential information of our partners, our merchants, our merchants’ buyers and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship, including as a result of breaches of a secure network by an unauthorized party, software vulnerabilities or coding errors, human error or malfeasance, including employee, contractor or vendor theft or misuse, or other misconduct. The security measures we have integrated into our internal networks and platform, which are designed to prevent or minimize security breaches, may not function as expected or may not be sufficient to protect our internal networks and platform against certain attacks. In addition, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to networks in which data is stored or through which data is transmitted change frequently and are becoming increasingly sophisticated. As a result, we, and third parties we work with, including service providers we use and third-party apps or other services used by our merchants, may be unable to anticipate these techniques, detect the attacks for long periods of time or implement adequate preventative measures. The unauthorized release, unauthorized access or compromise of personal or confidential information of our partners, our merchants, our merchants’ buyers and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such a data breach did not arise out of our actions or inaction, or if it were to affect one or more of our competitors or our merchants’ competitors, rather than Shopify itself, the resulting consumer concern could negatively affect our merchants and/or our business.
We are also subject to federal, state, provincial and foreign laws regarding cybersecurity and the protection of data. Some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and government regulators of