multi-channel commerce platform that supports their business as it grows. This platform allows merchants to seamlessly manage, market and sell their products across various sales channels, including online storefronts, physical retail spaces, social media and more. Emphasizing merchant-first innovation, Shopify provides an integrated back-end system to streamline operations, from managing inventory and transaction management to building relationships with buyers. With a robust and continuously updated infrastructure, Shopify's goal is to provide merchants with cutting-edge technology to thrive in a competitive market.
Our Merchants
We believe we can help merchants of all verticals and sizes, from aspirational entrepreneurs to companies with large-scale, direct-to-consumer or business to business ("B2B") operations, or both, realize their potential at all stages of their business life cycle. Our merchants represent a wide array of retail verticals and business sizes and no single merchant has ever represented more than five percent of our total revenues in a single reporting period. As of December 31, 2024, we had millions of merchants from more than 175 countries using our platform, geographically dispersed as follows: 45% in the United States, 30% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, 15% in Asia Pacific, Australia and China, 5% in Canada and 5% in Latin America (Mexico and South America).
Shopify's products are designed to enable our merchants' success, which drives our business model. Over time, historical merchant cohorts (the group of merchants that join the platform in a given year) have increased their sales, adopted additional merchant solutions, upgraded their subscription plans and purchased additional apps. Over time, revenue from these historical cohorts has increased and growth in revenue from merchants that remain on the Shopify platform has more than offset decreases in revenues from merchants leaving the platform (as shown in the chart below). Moreover, the total annual revenue generated by each of our previous cohorts has grown on a generally consistent basis. We intend to grow our base of merchants by both inspiring entrepreneurship through marketing programs and trial experiences and continuing to improve the ease with which merchants can get a new or existing business up and running with Shopify.
7
Table of C
ontents
Ecosystem
A rich ecosystem of app developers, theme designers and other partners, such as digital and service professionals, marketers, photographers and affiliates has evolved around the Shopify platform. We believe our partner ecosystem helps drive the growth of our merchant base by extending the functionality of the Shopify platform through the development of apps, which in turn further accelerates growth of the ecosystem. As of December 31, 2024, more than 16,000 apps were available in the Shopify App Store.
Our Offerings
Our business model has two revenue components: a recurring subscription component that