cash advances and foreign exchange derivative instruments subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Management mitigates this risk associated with cash and cash equivalents by making deposits and entering into foreign exchange derivative products only with large banks and financial institutions that are considered to be highly creditworthy. We limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution and conduct timely evaluations of the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. Management mitigates the risks associated with marketable securities by adhering to its investment policy, which stipulates minimum rating requirements, maximum investment exposures and maximum maturities. Due to the Company’s diversified merchant base, there is no particular concentration of credit risk related to the Company’s trade and other receivables, loans receivable and merchant cash advances. Trade and other receivables, loans receivable and merchant cash advances are monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure timely collection of amounts. There are no receivables from individual merchants accounting for 10% or more of revenues or receivables.
Equity and Other Investments Risk
The Company holds equity and other investments that are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our holdings. The Company's equity and other investments in public companies are recorded at fair value, which is subject to market price volatility. The Company also holds an investment option to purchase Series B common shares in Klaviyo, Inc. which is accounted for as a derivative instrument and valued using the Black-Scholes model, and is subject to market price volatility as well as a discount for lack of marketability. The Company's equity investments in private companies are recorded using the measurement alternative and are assessed each reporting period for observable price changes and impairments, which may involve estimates and judgments given the lack of readily available market data. Certain equity investments in private companies are in the early stages of development and are inherently risky due to their lack of operational history. Furthermore, for the equity method investment, Shopify's share of income and loss from these investments may cause volatility to Shopify's earnings. The Company's debt investments in convertible notes of private companies are recorded at fair value, which are impacted by the underlying entities' valuations and interest rates.
The Company has a high concentration of risk associated with a small number of equity and other investments that are impacted by fluctuations in their fair values or by observable changes or impairments.
Foreign Exchange Risk
The Company's results of operations and foreign currency assets and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency fluctuations.
While the majority of the Company's revenues, cost of revenues and operating