concentration of credit risk and inflation risk, as discussed below. We regularly assess these risks to minimize any adverse effects on our business as a result of those factors.
40
Table of Contents
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
While the majority of our revenues, cost of revenues and operating expenses are denominated in USD, a significant portion are denominated in foreign currencies. Due to offering Shopify Payments, Shopify Capital, subscriptions and other billing to select countries in local currency, a significant proportion of revenue transactions are denominated in EUR, GBP and CAD. A significant proportion of operating expenses are also incurred in the aforementioned foreign currencies. We therefore are subject to foreign currency exchange risk related to these currencies and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. To help mitigate the impacts associated with foreign currency fluctuations on future cash flows from operating expenses, we maintain a portfolio of foreign exchange derivative products designated as hedging instruments.
Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates
The following non-GAAP financial measures convert our revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses and income (loss) from operations in the current reporting period using the comparative prior year period's monthly average exchange rates:
(1)
Represents the increase or decrease in GAAP amounts reported resulting from using the comparative period's effective foreign exchange rates. The exchange rate effect is primarily driven by fluctuations in CAD, EUR and AUD foreign exchange rates.
(2)
Represents the outcome that would have resulted if the comparative period's effective foreign exchange rates are applied to the current reporting period.
This effect of foreign exchange rates on our condensed consolidated statements of operations disclosure is a supplement to our condensed consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We have provided the above non-GAAP disclosure as we believe it presents a clear comparison of our period to period operating results by removing the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and to assist investors in understanding our financial and operating performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are not recognized measures for financial statement presentation under U.S. GAAP, do not have standardized meanings and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other public companies. Such non-GAAP financial measures should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, the corresponding measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
41
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the effects on revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses and income (loss) from operations of a 10% strengthening of all foreign currencies the Company transacts in versus the USD without considering the impact of the Company's hedging activities and factoring in