projects.
50
Table of C
ontents
Cost of Merchant Solutions
Cost of merchant solutions primarily consists of costs that we incur when transactions are processed using Shopify Payments, such as credit card network fees (charged by credit card providers such as Visa, Mastercard and American Express) as well as third-party processing fees. Cost of merchant solutions also consists of rewards earned by merchants through our rewards program, processing fees related to billing our merchants, POS hardware costs, product costs associated with expanding our product offerings, including Shopify Balance, third-party infrastructure and hosting costs, chargeback protection program costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets and an allocation of costs incurred by both the operations and support functions, including personnel-related costs directly associated with merchant solutions such as salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation.
In the second quarter of 2023, we sold our logistics businesses. Prior to the sales of these businesses, merchant solutions cost of revenues included amortization of acquired intangible assets relating mostly to the acquired Deliverr, Inc. ("Deliverr") and 6 River Systems, LLC technology, costs associated with picking, packing and preparing orders for shipment, outbound shipping, warehouse storage, overhead costs and other costs for fulfillment-related services as part of our logistics offerings and materials and third-party manufacturing costs associated with fulfillment robots sold to customers rather than leased to customers, which were capitalized and depreciated into cost of revenues.
We expect that the cost of merchant solutions will increase in absolute dollars in future periods as the number of merchants utilizing these solutions increases, resulting in a growth in volumes processed. We also expect additional increases as we continue to expand Shopify Payments internationally.
Operating Expenses
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of marketing programs, partner referral payments related to merchant acquisitions, costs associated with partner and developer conferences, employee-related expenses for marketing, business development and sales, as well as the portion of merchant support required for the onboarding of prospective new merchants. Other costs within sales and marketing include travel-related expenses and corporate overhead allocations. Costs to acquire merchants are expensed as incurred, however, contract costs associated with Shopify Plus merchants are amortized over the expected life of their relative contract. We plan to continue to expand sales and marketing efforts to attract new merchants, retain revenue from existing merchants and increase revenues from both new and existing merchants. Sales and marketing expenses are expected to increase in absolute dollars but over time, we expect sales and marketing expenses will eventually decline as a percentage of total revenues.