operate their businesses. Our ability to attract new merchants, retain revenue from existing merchants and increase sales to both new and existing merchants will depend in large part on our ability to continue to improve and enhance the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform and to innovate and introduce new solutions. If we fail to anticipate and address merchants' rapidly changing needs and expectations or adapt to emerging trends, our reputation could be harmed and our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer.
Furthermore, we expect adoption of our platform and solutions by Shopify Plus merchants and enterprise-level businesses to increase. As the number of merchants with higher volume sales increases, so does the need for us to offer increased functionality, performance, reliability, scalability and support, which requires us to devote additional resources to such efforts. To the extent we are not able to enhance our platform’s functionality to satisfy these requirements, our business, operating results, reputation and financial condition could be adversely affected.
We may experience difficulties with software development that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or implementation of new solutions and enhancements. We must also continually update, test and enhance our software platform. The continual improvement and enhancement of our platform requires significant investment and we may not have the resources to make such investment. We may make significant investments in new solutions or enhancements that may not achieve expected returns and such solutions or enhancements may not result in our ability to recoup our investments in a timely manner, or at all. The improvement and enhancement of the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform is expensive and complex, and to the extent we are not
18
Table of C
ontents
able to execute on these efforts in a manner that responds to our merchants’ evolving needs, our business, operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected.
The impact of worldwide economic conditions, including the resulting effect on spending by merchants or their buyers, may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
Our performance is subject to worldwide economic conditions and their impact on levels of spending by merchants and their buyers. These conditions are impacted by events outside of our control, which may have a long-term impact on the global economy. A portion of the merchants that use our platform are small businesses. Such merchants may be disproportionately affected by economic downturns or disruptions, especially if they sell discretionary goods, and may choose to allocate their spending to items other than our platform, especially in times of economic uncertainty or recessions.
Economic downturns, financial market volatility