partnership service agreements, which range from
three
to
five years
.
10.
Convertible Senior Notes
In September 2020, the Company issued $
920
million aggregate principal amount of
0.125
% convertible senior notes due 2025 (the "Notes"). The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were $
908
million after deducting underwriting fees and offering costs.
The interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2021. The Notes will mature on November 1, 2025, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted pursuant to their terms.
The Notes have a conversion rate of 6.9440 Class A subordinate voting shares per one thousand dollars of principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately $
144.01
per share, adjusted to give effect to the share split effected in June 2022. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment following the occurrence of certain specified events, as set out or defined in the supplemental indenture governing the Notes. In addition, upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change prior to the maturity date or upon our issuance of a notice of redemption, as set out or defined in the supplemental indenture governing the Notes, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional Class A subordinate voting shares for a holder that elects to convert its Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change or during the relevant redemption period.
The Company accounts for the Notes as a single unit of account on the balance sheet. The carrying value of the liability is represented by the face amount of the Notes, less total offering costs, plus any amortization of offering costs. Total offering costs upon issuance of the Notes were $
12
million and are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the contractual term of the Notes. Interest expense is recognized at an annual effective interest rate of
0.38
% over the contractual term of the Notes.
The net carrying amount of the outstanding Notes was as follows:
As of March 31, 2025, the estimated fair value of the Notes was approximately $
923
million (December 31, 2024 - $
939
million). The estimated fair value was determined based on the last executed trade for the Notes of the reporting period in an over-the-counter market, which is considered as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
21
Table of Contents
11.
Contingencies
Litigation and Loss Contingencies
From time to time, the Company may become a party to litigation and subject to claims incidental to the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property claims, labor and employment claims and threatened claims, breach of contract claims, tax and other matters.
The Company records accruals for loss contingencies when losses are probable and reasonably estimable. The Company currently has no material pending