uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations, including those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements are intended to assist readers in understanding management's expectations as of the date of this MD&A and may not be suitable for other purposes See "Forward-looking Statements" in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.
In this MD&A, references to our "solutions" means the combination of products and services that we offer to merchants, and references to "our merchants" as of a particular date means the total number of unique shops that are paying for a subscription to our platform.
Business Overview
We believe we can help merchants of all verticals and sizes, from aspirational entrepreneurs to companies with large-scale, direct-to-consumer or B2B operations, or both, realize their potential at all stages of their business life cycle. In the year ended December 31, 2024, our platform facilitated gross merchandise volume ("GMV") of $292.3 billion, representing an increase of 24% from the year ended December 31, 2023. A detailed description of this metric is presented below in the section entitled, "Key Performance Indicators".
During the year ended December 31, 2024, our total revenue was $8.9 billion, an increase of 26% versus the year ended December 31, 2023. Our business model has two revenue components: a recurring subscription component we call subscription solutions and a merchant success-based component we call merchant solutions.
In the year ended December 31, 2024, subscription solutions revenues accounted for 26% of our total revenues (26% in the year ended December 31, 2023). We offer a range of plans that increase in price depending on additional features and economic considerations. Shopify Plus is offered at a starting rate
46
Table of C
ontents
that is several times that of our standard Shopify plans. Shopify Plus solves for the complexity of merchants as they grow and scale globally, offering additional functionality and support, including features like Shopify Audiences, B2B features and Launchpad, for ecommerce automation. BarkBox, Vuori, BevMo, Carrier, JB Hi-Fi, Meta, ButcherBox, SKIMS and Supreme are a few of our notable merchants seeking a reliable, cost-effective and scalable commerce solution. The flexibility of our pricing plans is designed to help our merchants grow in a cost-effective manner and to provide more advanced features and support as their business needs evolve. We have also launched localized pricing plans in select countries where we bill in local currency in order to reduce friction and attract more merchants to our platform.
Revenue from subscription solutions is generated through the sale of subscriptions to our platform, including variable platform fees, as well as through the sale of subscriptions to our POS Pro