seasonal in the future and that historical patterns in our business may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance.
9
Table of C
ontents
Human Capital
Shopify is a company designed for world-class crafters. We value employees who are merchant-obsessed and thrive on change. Teams at Shopify experiment, observe and iterate to make commerce better for everyone. In 2024, we launched “~Mastery” in support of talent growth and development. “~Mastery” is a talent system that is built for and rewards those who show up better to work every day on the continuous journey to improve their craft.
Shopify has a remote-first work environment for employees, gathering in-person periodically during the year to connect and solve complex problems. Teams align through “Local Access” in certain cities, in-person team events or “Bursts” and key company moments, which in 2024, included a company-wide Summit, held in Toronto, Canada. These in-person moments foster connection and drive mission alignment and impact. Employees also have the opportunity to tackle novel problems and projects through Hack Days, which, in 2024 included in-person collaboration in cross-company teams.
We are intentional in building a culture and environment that empowers our talented people. We measure employee engagement through regular pulse checks, including a semi-annual survey. In a 2024 company-wide employee survey, nine out of ten respondents indicated that they would recommend their team at Shopify to an ambitious and hardworking friend. We offer wellness resources and programs across four pillars: financial, mental, physical and social wellness, including an Employee Assistance Program that provides employees with confidential help for any work, health or life concern. As of December 31, 2024, Shopify had approximately 8,100 employees worldwide.
Technology
The Shopify platform is a multi-tenant cloud-based system that is engineered for high scalability, reliability and performance. Open source has played a major role at Shopify from the beginning given our founder's active role on the core team that built Ruby on Rails, the technology that powers much of the Shopify platform. Our platform's cloud-based architecture is designed to support sudden traffic spikes and to provide high reliability to our merchants. The Shopify platform is "single branch" software, which means that all of our merchants use the latest version of Shopify, which eliminates the need to maintain older versions of the platform and enables us to quickly distribute new versions. We also maintain a focus on security, with firewalls, advanced encryption, intrusion detection systems and two-factor authentication and additional safeguards for credit card processing on the platform.
Maintaining the integrity and security of our technology infrastructure is critical to our business, and we plan to invest further in our infrastructure to meet our merchants' needs and maintain their trust. Our investment plans