that such laws would be contrary to U.S. securities laws, and provided that we disclose the requirements we are not following and describe the applicable Canadian practice. We currently rely on this exemption with respect to the requirements regarding the quorum for any meeting of our shareholders. We may in the future elect to follow home country practices in Canada with regard to other matters and shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all U.S. corporate governance requirements.
It may be difficult to enforce judgments of U.S. courts against us or our directors and executive officers in Canada, to assert U.S. securities laws claims in Canada, or to serve process on our directors and officers in Canada.
We are incorporated in Canada. Certain of our directors and executive officers reside and may have a majority of their assets outside of the United States. Additionally, Shopify has assets outside the United States. Therefore, a court judgment against us, or those of our directors and executive officers residing outside of the United States, including a judgment predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, may not be collectible in the United States and may not be enforced by Canadian courts. It may also be difficult for investors to effect service of process in the United States on those directors and executive officers residing outside of the United States or to assert U.S. federal securities law claims in original actions instituted in Canada. Canadian courts may refuse to hear a claim based on an alleged violation of U.S. securities laws against us or these persons on the grounds that Canada is not the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. Even if a Canadian court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Canadian law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also be governed by Canadian law. As a result of the difficulty associated with enforcing a judgement against us or these persons in Canada, you may be able to collect only limited, or may be unable to collect any, damages awarded by either a U.S. or foreign court.
Our by-laws provide that any derivative actions, actions relating to breach of fiduciary duties and other matters relating to our internal affairs will presumptively be litigated in Canada, which could limit investors’ ability to obtain a preferred judicial forum for disputes with us.
We have adopted a forum selection by-law that provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Superior Court of Justice of the Province of Ontario, Canada and appellate Courts therefrom (or, failing such Court, any other "court" as defined in the CBCA having jurisdiction, and the appellate Courts