deferred revenue due to the sales of Shopify's logistics businesses (see Note 4) during the year ended December 31, 2023.
The opening balances of current and long-term deferred revenue were $
296
million and $
268
million, respectively, as of January 1, 2023.
As of December 31, 2024, the long-term deferred revenue, excluding non-cash consideration received, will be recognized ratably over the remaining terms of the contracts with the customers, which range from
two
to
three years
.
The Company has received non-cash consideration in the form of equity investments in exchange for services to be rendered as part of strategic partnerships. As the Company is required to provide referral services and other services to support the partners' merchant offerings over the period of the performance obligations, revenue is deferred and recognized over time on a ratable basis over the expected terms of the contracts.
The table below summarizes the gross changes in deferred revenue associated with this non-cash consideration received for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:
The Company will recognize this revenue ratably over the remaining terms of the respective strategic partnership service agreements, which range from
one
to
five years
.
103
Table of Contents
16.
Convertible Senior Notes
In September 2020, the Company issued $
920
million aggregate principal amount of
0.125
% convertible senior notes due 2025. The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were $
908
million after deducting underwriting fees and offering costs.
The interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2021. The Notes will mature on November 1, 2025, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted pursuant to their terms.
The Notes have a conversion rate of 6.9440 Class A subordinate voting shares per one thousand dollars of principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately $
144.01
per share, adjusted to give effect to the Share Split. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment following the occurrence of certain specified events, as set out or defined in the supplemental indenture governing the Notes. In addition, upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change prior to the maturity date or upon our issuance of a notice of redemption, as set out or defined in the supplemental indenture governing the Notes, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional Class A subordinate voting shares for a holder that elects to convert its Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change or during the relevant redemption period.
Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding August 1, 2025, the Notes may be convertible at the option of the holders only under the following circumstances:
(1)
during any calendar quarter commencing after March 31, 2021, and only during