fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment considers the following factors: macroeconomic conditions,
87
Table of Contents
industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall company financial performance, events affecting the reporting unit and changes in the Company’s fair value. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, the Company carries out a quantitative test for impairment of goodwill. This is done by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with the carrying value of the reporting unit that includes goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, including goodwill, no impairment results. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in an amount equal to that difference, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The Company has an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment for our reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Company may resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period.
Business Combinations
The Company follows the acquisition method to account for business combinations in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. The acquisition method of accounting requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of a business acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value is recorded as goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income.
Segment Information
The Company’s chief operating decision maker ("CODM") is the Chief Executive Officer. The CODM is the highest level of management responsible for assessing Shopify’s overall performance, and making operational decisions such as resource allocations related to operations, product prioritization and delegations of authority. The CODM has determined that the Company operates in a single operating and reportable segment and manages segment profit (loss) based upon consolidated net income (loss). The measure of segment assets is reported on the consolidated balance sheet as total consolidated assets.
Concentration of Credit Risk
The Company’s cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade and other receivables, loans, merchant cash advances and foreign exchange derivative instruments subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Management mitigates this risk associated with cash and cash equivalents by making deposits and entering into