maintain consistency in presentation across equity and other investments.
Equity and Other Investments
Strategic investments are a part of the Company's strategy and use of capital, expanding its expertise and building strong partnerships around strategic initiatives. The Company evaluates each investment to determine if the investment is a variable interest entity and, if so, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were no variable interest entities required to be consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
The Company classifies each equity investment into one of three categories: (i) equity and other investments with readily determinable fair values, (ii) equity and other investments without readily determinable fair values and (iii) equity and other investments under the equity method of accounting.
Equity and other investments in publicly traded companies with readily determinable fair values are carried at fair value at each balance sheet date and any movements in the fair value are classified as "Other income (expense), net" in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
Equity and other investments in private companies without readily determinable fair values are carried at cost less impairments, with subsequent adjustments for observable changes (referred to as the measurement alternative). Estimates and judgments are involved in applying the measurement
84
Table of Contents
alternative associated with equity and other investments without readily determinable fair values by developing certain key assumptions, including revenue growth rates and revenue multiples based on market comparables.
The Company also holds investments in convertible notes of private companies which are classified as available-for-sale debt securities, for which the Company has elected to account for under the fair value option. The investments are carried at fair value at each balance sheet date and any movements in the fair values are classified as "Other income (expense), net" in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
The Company evaluates each investment to determine if the investment should be accounted for as an equity method investment based upon equity ownership, significant influence and ongoing involvement in the investee, including factors such as representation on the investee's board of directors. Investments that qualify for the equity method of accounting treatment are carried at the Company’s investment amounts and adjusted each period for the Company’s share of the investee’s income or loss plus the amortization of the basis difference, which is the difference between the fair value of our investment in the company and the underlying equity in the net assets of the investee. The Company determined that the investment in Flexport, Inc. ("Flexport") is an equity method investment. The