exercisable for Class A subordinate voting shares.
(2)
The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock option awards and the closing market price of the Company's Class A subordinate voting shares as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.
As of December 31, 2024 the Company had issued
14,615
DSUs under its LTIP.
The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised and RSUs settled during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
609
million and $
564
million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock option awards and the market value on the date of exercise.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there was $
487
million and $
261
million, respectively, of remaining unamortized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and RSUs granted to the Company’s employees. This cost will be recognized over an estimated weighted-average remaining period of
2.20
years. Total unamortized compensation cost will be adjusted for future changes in estimated forfeitures.
Stock-Based Compensation Expense
All share-based awards are measured based on the grant date fair value of the awards and recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) over the period during which the employee is required to perform services in exchange for the award (generally the vesting period of the award).
109
Table of Contents
The Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which requires assumptions, including the fair value of the Company's underlying common stock, expected term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield of the Company's Class A subordinate voting shares. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management’s judgment. If factors change and different assumptions are used, share-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future.
These assumptions are estimated as follows:
•
Fair Value of Common Stock.
The Company uses the five-day volume weighted average price for its Class A subordinate voting shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.
•
Expected Term.
The Company determines the expected term based on the average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding. The Company bases the expected term assumptions on its historical behavior combined with estimates of the post-vesting holding period.
•
Expected Volatility.
The Company determines the price volatility factor based on the Company's historical volatility over the expected term of the stock options.
•
Risk-Free Interest Rate.
The Company bases the risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes valuation model on the yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term of the stock options for each stock