solutions compared to subscription solutions means that the continued growth of merchant solutions may cause a decline in our overall gross margin percentage.
The sales of our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023 impacted the comparability of our results.
Seasonality
Our merchant solutions revenues are directionally correlated with the level of GMV that our merchants facilitated through our platform. Our merchants typically process additional GMV during the fourth quarter holiday season. As a result, we have historically generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarter than in other quarters. While we believe that this seasonality has affected and will continue to affect our quarterly results, our continued growth has partially masked seasonal trends to date. As a result of the continued growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our business may become more seasonal in the future and that historical patterns in our business may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance.
Foreign Currency Fluctuations
While the majority of our revenues, cost of revenues and operating expenses are denominated in USD, a significant portion are denominated in foreign currencies. Due to offering Shopify Payments, Shopify Capital, subscriptions and other billings to select countries in local currency, a significant proportion of revenue transactions are denominated in Euros ("EUR"), British pound sterling ("GBP") and Canadian dollars ("CAD"). A significant proportion of operating expenses are also incurred and expected to be included in the aforementioned foreign currencies. To help mitigate the impacts associated with foreign currency fluctuations on future cash flows from operating expenses, we maintain a portfolio of foreign exchange forward contracts and options designated as hedging instruments. As our operations continue to expand internationally, we may be exposed to additional fluctuations in other foreign currencies. Refer to "Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk—Risks and Uncertainties"
below for additional information on the effect on reported results of changes in foreign exchange rates.
49
Table of C
ontents
Key Components of Results of Operations
Revenues
We derive revenues from subscription solutions and merchant solutions.
Subscription Solutions
We principally generate subscription solutions revenues through the sale of subscriptions to our platform, including variable platform fees, as well as through the sale of subscriptions to our POS Pro offering for brick and mortar merchants. We also generate associated subscription solutions revenues from the sale of apps, the registration of domain names and the sale of themes.
We offer subscription plans with various price points, for businesses of all sizes from entry level plans to Shopify Plus, enterprise-level and modular plans that cater to higher-volume businesses that offer additional functionality, scalability