into these types of arrangements in the future, which could also require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. Additional funds may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all.
In April 2025, consistent with the Company's ongoing strategic investments, the Company invested $67 million in private companies.
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities increased by $35 million to $5.5 billion as of March 31, 2025 from $5.5 billion as of December 31, 2024, primarily as a result of cash provided by our operations and proceeds from exercise of stock options partially offset by the purchase and origination of loans, net of repayments, acquisition of business, net of cash acquired and the purchase of equity and other investments. Cash equivalents and marketable securities include money market funds, term deposits, U.S. federal bonds and agency securities and corporate bonds and commercial paper, all maturing within the 12 months from March 31, 2025.
The following table summarizes our total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as well as our operating, investing and financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
(1)
Excludes $894 million and $175 million of marketable securities classified in "Long-term Investments" as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Cash Flows From Operating Activities
Our largest source of operating cash is from merchant solutions. Within merchant solutions, the largest source of cash flows are Shopify Payments processing fee arrangements, which are received on a daily basis as transactions are processed. We also generate significant cash flows from our subscription solutions with subscription revenues. These payments are typically paid to us at the beginning of the applicable subscription period, except for our Shopify Plus merchants who typically pay us at the end of their monthly billing cycle.
Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for third-party payment processing fees, employee-related expenditures, marketing programs and outsourced hosting costs.
For the period ended March 31, 2025, net cash provided by operating activities was primarily the result of operating income, once adjusted for non-cash items, slightly offset by a use of cash due to an increase in non-cash working capital.
39
Table of Contents
Cash Flows From Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities in the three months ended March 31, 2025 was driven by $387 million used for purchases of marketable securities, net of maturities, $168 million used for purchases and originations of loans, net of repayments and sales, $56 million used in acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired, $4 million used to purchase equity and other investments and $4 million used to purchase property and equipment, which consisted mainly of computer equipment.
Cash Flows From Financing Activities
Net cash provided by financing activities