warehouse and commercial space. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2024:
(1)
$920 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes due in less than one year may be settled in Class A subordinate voting shares instead of cash, at our option.
(2)
Consists of payment obligations under our office and commercial space leases as well as other unconditional purchase obligations.
Litigation and Loss Contingencies
In the third quarter of 2022, a jury in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware returned a verdict finding that the Company infringed three web technology patents owned by Express Mobile, Inc. and the Company recorded an estimated liability in that period for damages and potential interest of $55 million. The Company filed a post-trial motion for judgment as a matter of law. In the second quarter of 2024, the court granted that motion, vacating the jury verdict in its entirety and mooting the plaintiff's motion for pre- and post-judgement interest.
As a result of this decision, in the second quarter of 2024, the Company reversed the previously recorded liability within "General and administrative" in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss), as a loss contingency was no longer considered probable.
We are not aware of any other litigation matters or loss contingencies that would be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
In connection with the sales of our logistics businesses in the second quarter of 2023, we retained our guarantee of certain leases. We also entered into an indemnification agreement that governs the liability obligations of the purchaser in connection with these guarantees. These arrangements, and our obligations arising from such arrangements, are not expected to have a material impact on the current or future financial performance or financial condition of the Company.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In the preparation of these consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations would be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we re-evaluate these
65
Table of C
ontents
estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as significant accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss below and in further detail in Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended