Class A subordinate voting shares as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
As of March 31, 2025, the Company had issued
15,488
deferred share units ("DSUs") under its LTIP.
In connection with the acquisition of Vantage Discovery Inc.,
252,257
Class A subordinate voting shares were issued with trading restrictions. The restrictions on these shares are lifted over time and are being accounted for as stock-based compensation as the vesting is contingent on continued employment and therefore related to post-combination services. As of March 31, 2025,
252,257
of the Class A subordinate voting shares remained restricted.
The following table illustrates the classification of stock-based compensation expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), which includes both stock-based compensation and restricted stock-compensation expense:
23
Table of Contents
14.
Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income
The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, which is reported as a component of shareholders’ equity, were as follows:
15.
Income Taxes
The Company's recovery of, or provision for, income taxes is determined by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to income or loss from recurring operations and adding the effects of any discrete income tax items specific to the period.
The Company updates its estimate of the annual effective tax rate each quarter and makes cumulative adjustments if its estimated annual tax rate changes. The Company’s effective tax rate may be subject to fluctuation during the year as new information is obtained, which may affect the assumptions used to estimate the annual effective tax rate, including factors such as the mix of forecasted pre-tax earnings in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates, valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, the recognition and derecognition of tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions and changes in or the interpretation of tax laws in jurisdictions where the Company conducts business.
The Company had a recovery of income taxes of $
88
million in the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily as a result of unrealized loss on equity and other investments, partially offset by earnings in jurisdictions predominantly outside of North America.
The Company had a provision for income taxes of $
17
million in the three months ended March 31, 2024 primarily on account of earnings in jurisdictions outside of North America.
24
Table of Contents
16.
Net Loss per Share
The Company applies the two-class method to calculate its basic and diluted net loss per share as Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B restricted voting shares are participating securities with equal participation rights and are entitled to receive dividends on a share for share basis. The Company uses the treasury stock method and if-converted method for calculating the effect of dilutive