allowance was reversed which partially offset the deferred tax expense in the current year. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company performed a U.S. state tax sourcing analysis that resulted in a change to our U.S. state tax apportionment. This also resulted in a reduction in deferred tax assets, including unused non-capital tax losses, that were fully offset by a valuation allowance. This compares to a provision of income taxes of $53 million in the same period of 2023 primarily as a result of earnings in jurisdictions outside of North America.
In the year ended December 31, 2023, we had a provision for income taxes of $53 million primarily as a result of earnings in jurisdictions outside of North America. This compares to a recovery of income taxes of $163 million in the same period of 2022 primarily as a result of the unrealized loss on equity and other investments, share-based compensation and the change in valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets in Canada, as well as the United States.
59
Table of C
ontents
Summary of Quarterly Results
The following table sets forth selected unaudited quarterly results of operations data for each of the eight quarters ended December 31, 2024. The information for each of these quarters has been derived from unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements that were prepared on the same basis as the audited annual financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflects all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of the results of operations for these periods in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This data should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the relevant period. These quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of our operating results for a full year or any future periods.
60
Table of C
ontents
(1)
Includes stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes as follows:
(a)
Includes accelerated stock-based compensation of $1 million and $4 million in sales and marketing during the second and third quarter of 2023, respectively, and $164 million in research and development during the second quarter of 2023.
(2)
Includes amortization of acquired intangibles as follows:
(3)
In the third quarter of 2022, we incurred $97 million of expenses related to legal matters. In the second quarter of 2024, we released an accrual for an estimated liability of $55 million associated with a legal matter.
(4)
In the second quarter of 2023, we had $148 million of severance related costs associated with reductions in workforce with $28 million in sales and marketing, $102 million in research and development and $18 million in general and administrative. In the third quarter of 2022, we had $30 million of severance related costs associated with reductions in workforce with $11 million in