elevated level of risk may be escalated to the board of directors for consideration, at the discretion of the Audit Committee.
Management's cybersecurity program operates under the leadership of our
Chief Information Security Officer ("CISO")
. The CISO leads our cybersecurity program, sets the direction for security across the Company and leads the Shopify Trust team, including oversight of incident identification, prevention, detection, response and recovery.
Our CISO holds a Bachelors of Software Engineering and has over twenty years of security experience.
The Trust team is comprised of personnel with a broad range of experience across the private and public sectors, the technology industry and different geographic regions.
The CISO provides periodic reports to the Audit Committee on the cybersecurity program.
43
Table of C
ontents
In 2024, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
Despite these protective efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats, nor can we provide assurances that we have not experienced undetected cybersecurity incidents. For additional information about these risks, see Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "
Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data, merchant data and buyer data other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber incidents could impact or interrupt service to our merchants, their buyers and others who use our services, harm our reputation, subject us to significant liability and adversely affect our business and financial results
".
Item 2: Properties
We do not own any real property. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs and we expect to continue to adapt our facilities, as needed.
Item 3: Legal Proceedings
The information set forth under “Note 17 — Commitments and Contingencies — Litigation and Loss Contingencies” to the consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
44
Table of C
ontents
Part II
Item 5: Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Our Class A subordinate voting shares are listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and on the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX") under the trading symbol "SHOP".
Our Class B restricted voting shares and Founder share are not listed for trading or quoted on any exchange or market.
Holders
As of December 31, 2024, there were approximately 1,620 shareholders of record of our Class A subordinate voting shares. These figures do not include beneficial owners who hold shares in the name of a nominee.
As of December 31, 2024, there were