under U.S. GAAP, do not have standardized meanings and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other public companies. Such non-GAAP financial measures should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, the corresponding measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
The following table summarizes the effects on revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses and income (loss) from operations of a 10% strengthening of all foreign currencies the Company transacts in versus the USD without considering the impact of the Company's hedging activities and factoring in any potential changes in demand for the Company's solutions as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates:
(1)
A 10% weakening of the foreign currencies versus the USD would have an equal and opposite impact on the Company's revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses and income (loss) from operations as presented in the table.
(2)
Represents the increase or decrease in GAAP amounts reported resulting from a 10% strengthening in foreign exchange rates relative to the USD.
(3)
Represents the outcome that would have resulted had the foreign exchange rates relative to the USD in those periods been 10% stronger than they actually were, excluding the impact of our hedging program and without factoring in any potential changes in demand for the Company's solutions as a result of changes in exchange rates.
68
Table of C
ontents
Equity and Other Investments Risk
We hold equity and other investments that are subject to market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our holdings. As of December 31, 2024, we had equity and other investments in public and private companies and our equity method investment totaled $5.3 billion. Our equity and other investments with readily determinable fair values, representing $3.1 billion of our investments as of December 31, 2024, are recorded at fair value, which is subject to market price volatility. Our equity investments in private companies, representing $717 million of our investments as of December 31, 2024, are recorded using the measurement alternative and are assessed each reporting period for observable price changes and impairments, which may involve estimates and judgments given the lack of readily available market data. Certain equity investments in private companies are in the early stages of development and are inherently risky due to their lack of operational history. Our equity method investment in Flexport, representing $642 million of our investments as of December 31, 2024, is subject to market-related risks based on our share of income or loss, including amortization of the basis difference, from this investment which may cause volatility to our earnings. Our debt investments in convertible notes of private companies are recorded at fair value represented $543 million of our investments as of December 31, 2024, which are impacted by the underlying