be issued, including upon receiving shareholder approval and pursuant to the exercise of stock options under our fourth amended and restated option plan (the "Legacy Option Plan") that were granted prior to our initial public offering. Any further issuances of Class A subordinate voting shares or Class B restricted voting shares will result in immediate dilution to existing shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of their shareholdings. Additionally, any further issuances of Class B restricted voting shares may significantly lessen the combined voting power of our Class A subordinate voting shares due to the 10-to-1 voting ratio between our Class B restricted voting shares and Class A subordinate voting shares.
Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
Item 1C: Cybersecurity
At Shopify, cybersecurity risk management is an important part of our overall enterprise risk management effort.
Shopify has defined a risk management framework that is designed to find, assess and respond to potential cybersecurity risks that threaten the effectiveness of its security posture.
To identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats, we evaluate information from a variety of sources including threat intelligence feeds, penetration tests and bug bounty reports and monitor observed cybersecurity incidents.
We engage third-party security experts and consultants to assist with assessment and enhancement of our cybersecurity risk management processes, as well as benchmarking against industry practices.
Additionally, we review third party software and services and personnel who contract with Shopify to provide Shopify services and that share or receive data, or have access to or integrate with our systems, to assess potential risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of such third-parties, and generally require third parties to, among other things, maintain security controls to protect our confidential information and data.
Our Internal Audit function provides independent assessment and assurance on the operations of our cybersecurity program and the supporting control frameworks through risk-based Internal Audit projects authorized by the audit committee of our board of directors (the "Audit Committee"). We maintain a security incident response plan designed to monitor, analyze, address, escalate, contain and report, as appropriate, cybersecurity incidents. In addition, our employees receive cybersecurity training designed to enhance awareness of cybersecurity risks.
Our board of directors has overall oversight of enterprise risk management and Audit Committee has direct oversight responsibility for cybersecurity
risk.
The Audit Committee also reviews and discusses periodic reports prepared by the Head of Risk and Internal Audit on the effectiveness of Shopify's overall risk management programs, control processes and governance procedures, together with management’s response.
Matters that are determined to represent an