with U.S. GAAP. This data should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the relevant period. These quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of our operating results for a full year or any future periods.
36
Table of Contents
(1)
Includes stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes as follows:
(a)
Includes accelerated stock-based compensation of $1 million and $4 million in sales and marketing during the second and third quarters of 2023, respectively, and $164 million in research and development during the second quarter of 2023.
(2)
Includes amortization of acquired intangibles as follows:
(3)
In the second quarter of 2024, we released an accrual for an estimated liability of $55 million associated with a legal matter.
(4)
In the second quarter of 2023, we had $148 million of severance related costs associated with reductions in workforce with $28 million in sales and marketing, $102 million in research and development and $18 million in general and administrative.
(5)
In the third quarter of 2023, we had $38 million of impairment related costs associated with right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements.
We believe that period-over-period comparisons are more meaningful than our sequential results due to seasonality in our business. While we believe that this seasonality has affected and will continue to affect our quarterly results, our rapid growth has partially masked seasonal trends to date. Our merchant solutions revenues are directionally correlated with our merchants' GMV. Our merchants' GMV typically increases during the fourth-quarter holiday season. As a result, we have historically generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarter than in other quarters. As a result of the growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our business may become more seasonal in the future, and that historical patterns in our business may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance.
Quarterly Revenue and Gross Margin Trends
Historically, revenues experienced a seasonal decrease in our first quarter as consumers typically reduce their spending following the holiday season resulting in a seasonal decrease in GMV per merchant, which was not completely offset by merchant and MRR growth. Subsequently, revenues have increased in each of the next three quarters as a result of merchant, MRR and overall GMV growth. Our merchants have processed additional GMV during the fourth-quarter holiday seasons, and as a result we have generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarters compared to other quarters. Due to the continued growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our business may become more seasonal in the future.
Our gross margin is generally driven by the mix between our higher margin subscription solutions revenue and lower margin