functionally limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party offerings with our platform, which could negatively impact our solution offerings and harm our business. If we fail to integrate our platform with new third-party offerings that our merchants want or need, or do not adapt to the data transfer requirements of such third-party offerings, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our merchants and their buyers expect, which would negatively impact our offerings and, as a result, harm our business.
We also rely on third parties to manufacture certain of our POS products. We require suppliers of our products to comply with laws and standards on labor, health and safety, the environment, human rights and business ethics, but we do not directly control them or their practices or standards. If any of these suppliers violates laws or implements practices or standards regarded as unethical, corrupt or non-compliant, we could experience and have in the past experienced supply chain disruptions, government actions or fines, litigation, merchant and other stakeholder dissatisfaction and canceled orders, which may damage our reputation and impact our business operations.
Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our platform. In addition, third-party service providers may not perform as expected under our agreements or under their agreements with our merchants, and we or our merchants may in the future have disagreements or disputes with such providers. If we lose access to products or services from a particular supplier, or experience a significant disruption in the supply of products or services from a current supplier, especially a single-source supplier, it could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results.
Our use of AI and machine learning may present additional risks, including risks associated with the use of AI algorithms and tools, the data sets used to train AI-powered models, the content produced by AI and the complex, developing regulatory environment.
Shopify does not currently develop its own foundational AI models, rather, we develop ways to incorporate AI-powered tools into select products we offer to merchants, in order to support elements of their business operations as well as into certain of our internal business operations. We are making investments in expanding the AI capabilities available in our products, including the ongoing deployment and improvement of existing machine learning and AI technologies. AI algorithms may be flawed and datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. AI tools and algorithms may rely on third-party AI with unclear intellectual property rights or interests. Intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, of generative and other AI output, have not been fully interpreted by courts or lawmakers, and we cannot predict how