platform fees, in effect on the last day of that period, assuming they maintain their subscription plans the following month. Subscription plans to both our platform and our POS Pro offering are included in this calculation. When applicable, MRR relating to subscription plans billed in a merchant's local currency is converted to USD using the respective currency exchange rate as of the period end date. Prospective merchants that have joined the platform through special new merchant trial incentives, including paid trials, are included in MRR at their trial price while merchants on free trials are excluded from the calculation of MRR through the duration of the free trial. MRR allows us to average our various pricing plans and billing periods into a single, consistent number that we can track over time. We also analyze the factors that make up MRR, specifically the number of paying merchants using our platform and changes in our average revenue earned from subscription plan fees per paying merchant. In addition, we use MRR to forecast monthly, quarterly and annual subscription plan revenue, which makes up the majority of our subscription solutions revenue. We had $182 million of MRR as of March 31, 2025 compared to $151 million as of March 31, 2024.
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, the MRR growth rate for the period was lower than the same period in 2024 driven mainly by the impact of extending the length of the paid trials from 1 month to 3 months.
Gross Merchandise Volume
GMV is the total dollar value of orders facilitated through our platform including certain apps and channels for which a revenue-sharing arrangement is in place in the period, net of refunds, and inclusive of shipping and handling, duty and value-added taxes. GMV does not represent revenue earned by us. However, the volume of GMV facilitated through our platform is an indicator of the success of our merchants and the strength of our platform. Our merchant solutions revenues are also directionally correlated with the level of GMV facilitated through our platform. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 we facilitated GMV of $74.8 billion (March 31, 2024 - $60.9 billion), representing year-over-year growth of 23% (2024 vs 2023 - 23%). On a constant currency basis, in which GMV in the three months ended March 31, 2025 is converted using the comparative period's monthly average exchange rates, year-over-year growth was 25% (2024 vs 2023 - 23%).
Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results
Change in Revenue Mix
As a result of the continued growth of Shopify Payments, referral fees, other transaction services and other services rendered as part of strategic partnerships and Shopify Capital, our revenues from merchant solutions have increased significantly. Merchant solutions are intended to complement subscription solutions by providing additional value to our merchants and increasing their use of our platform. Gross profit margins on Shopify Payments, the biggest