and if-converted method for calculating the effect of dilutive potential common stock from employee stock options and employee RSUs and from its Notes, respectively.
The following table summarizes the reconciliation of the basic weighted average number of shares outstanding and the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding:
(1)
When the Notes are dilutive, the after tax effect of debt interest is added back to net income to calculate diluted net income per share.
115
Table of Contents
23.
Segment and Geographical Information
The Company's CODM is its Chief Executive Officer. The CODM has determined that the Company operates in a single operating and reportable segment and manages segment performance and resource allocation based upon consolidated net income (loss). The measure of segment assets is reported on the consolidated balance sheet as total consolidated assets. Significant expenses reviewed by the CODM include those that are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).
The following table presents total external revenues by geographic location, based on the location of the Company’s merchants:
24.
Reduction in Workforce
In May 2023, the Company reduced headcount by approximately
23
% of employees across the Company ("2023 Reduction in Workforce"). The Company incurred and paid $
148
million in total severance related costs in the year ended December 31, 2023.
The 2023 Reduction in Workforce costs recorded for severance related costs in the year ended December 31, 2023 were as follows in US $ millions:
116
Table of Contents
Index to Exhibits
117
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
February 11, 2025
Shopify Inc.
118
Table of Contents
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each officer or director of Shopify Inc. whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Tobias Lütke, Jeff Hoffmeister, Jessica Hertz and Michael L. Johnson, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full and several power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as they or he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or his or her or their substitute or substitutes, may