investments, changes in the terms of the loans, loans offered by other entities and prevailing interest rates. If any purchasers significantly reduce the dollar amount of the loans they purchase from us, we may be unable to sell those loans to another purchaser on favorable terms or at all. In addition, these loans are typically sold at a premium to par, and in excess of our costs. Our loan premiums fluctuate from time to time and are sold at variable prices, and we are not guaranteed a gain on all or any of our loan sales. If we are unable to sell loans on terms that are acceptable to us, we may need to secure additional sources of funding, use our balance sheet cash or reduce our origination of Shopify Capital loans. These actions may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash and liquidity position and future prospects. We may provide guarantees, indemnities and backstop repurchases for certain representation and covenant breaches related to the loans themselves as well as related to the servicing of those loans. We currently fund lending products including Shopify Credit using our balance sheet cash. Open lines of credit, such as Shopify Credit, pose liquidity risks to Shopify because Shopify must maintain enough cash to fund the use of these lines. Increased adoption of these new lending products may have an adverse effect on our cash and liquidity position unless we are able to secure external sources of funding.
We are also subject to legal and regulatory risks related to our lending and financing products and these risks increase with expansion into new geographies. If laws and regulations change subjecting lending products or MCAs to licensing or other issuing requirements, our costs associated may increase or we may decide to discontinue the program altogether or in part, and our business and results of operations would be negatively impacted.
We intend to continue to explore other products, models, structures and additional markets for Shopify's lending and financing products. We also intend to continue to explore additional funding options. Some of those models, structures and markets may require, or be deemed to require, additional procedures, partnerships, licenses, regulatory approvals or capabilities. Should we fail to expand and evolve our lending and financing products in this manner, or should new products, models, structures or markets or new regulations or interpretations of existing regulations, impose requirements on us that are impractical or that we cannot satisfy, the future growth and success of our lending products may be materially and adversely affected.
29
Table of C
ontents
We may be unable to achieve or maintain data transmission capacity.
Our merchants often draw significant numbers of buyers to their shops over short periods of time, including from events such as new product releases, holiday shopping seasons and flash sales, which significantly increases the traffic and volume of transactions