potential customers; develop new solutions to extend our platform’s functionality and catalyze merchants’ sales growth; leverage emerging technologies, including AI; enhance our ecosystem and partner programs; provide a high level of merchant support; hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel; and build with a focus on maximizing long-term value.
We have focused on rapidly growing our business and plan to continue making investments to drive future growth. We believe that our investments will increase our revenue base, improve the retention of this base and strengthen our ability to increase sales to our merchants. Building a 100-year company requires a balance between growth and profitability, and we maintain a portfolio of investments with varying time horizons in our cash management program.
47
Table of C
ontents
Key Performance Indicators
Our key performance indicators, which we do not consider to be non-GAAP measures, that we use to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions are MRR and GMV. Our key performance indicators may be calculated in a manner different than similar key performance indicators used by other companies.
The following table shows MRR and GMV for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Monthly Recurring Revenue
We calculate MRR at the end of each period by multiplying the number of merchants who have subscription plans with us at the period end date by the average monthly subscription plan fee, which excludes variable platform fees, in effect on the last day of that period, assuming they maintain their subscription plans the following month. Subscription plans to both our platform and our POS Pro offering are included in this calculation. When applicable, MRR relating to subscription plans billed in a merchant's local currency is converted to USD using the respective currency exchange rate as of the period end date. Prospective merchants that have joined the platform through special new merchant trial incentives, including paid trials, are included in MRR at their trial price while merchants on free trials are excluded from the calculation of MRR through the duration of the free trial. MRR allows us to average our various pricing plans and billing periods into a single, consistent number that we can track over time. We also analyze the factors that make up MRR, specifically the number of paying merchants using our platform and changes in our average revenue earned from subscription plan fees per paying merchant. In addition, we use MRR to forecast monthly, quarterly and annual subscription plan revenue, which makes up the majority of our subscription solutions revenue. We had $178 million of MRR as of December 31, 2024 compared to $144 million as of December 31, 2023 and $109 million as of December 31, 2022, as described above.
In the year ended December 31, 2024, the MRR growth rate for the period was