eligible geographies), referral fees from partners and the sale of shipping labels.
Research and Development
Shopify is building products and solutions for commerce that enable merchants of all sizes around the world to successfully start and scale their businesses on Shopify. We strive to increase the probability of a merchant's future success by finding and supporting solutions that enable merchant discovery and allow merchants to develop a commerce presence across multiple channels and geographies. We expect to continue to leverage emerging technologies including data analytics, machine learning and AI in our products, to help our merchants increase productivity, improve workflows, make smarter decisions and spend less time on operational tasks. For example, Shopify Magic provides a suite of AI-enabled features integrated across the Shopify platform and Sidekick offers merchants an AI-enabled commerce assistant. Research and development at Shopify is currently focused on product management, product development and product design to accomplish these goals.
We also invest in developing the tools to make it easier for our ecosystem partners to build on and for Shopify to extend the functionality and flexibility of the platform. We believe that by deepening and expanding the range of solutions we offer to give merchants and by offering new and better ways to market and sell their products, we will be able to grow our addressable market and meet the needs of merchants in years ahead.
Strategy
We have focused on rapidly growing our business and plan to continue making investments to drive future growth. We believe that our investments will increase our global revenue base and strengthen our ability to increase sales to our merchants. Our growth strategy is driven by our mission: make commerce better for everyone. Key elements of our growth strategy include growing and expanding our merchant base and the types of merchants we serve and helping our existing merchants continue to grow through continued innovation in our platform and the products we offer to our merchants as well as further growing and developing our ecosystem of partners. We continue to build with a focus on adding the most value for our merchants to help them be successful not just today, but in the years to come. We believe that fueling our merchants' success drives Shopify's success.
Seasonality
Our business is affected by seasonality due to holiday demand, which historically has resulted in higher GMV and revenue during our fourth quarter, which ends on December 31. We believe that this seasonality has affected and will continue to affect our quarterly results. In addition, while we have historically generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarter than in other quarters, our continued growth has partially masked seasonal trends to date. In connection with expected continued growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our business may become more