Interruptions in our services would reduce our revenue, subject us to potential liability and adversely affect our ability to retain our merchants or attract new merchants and would also impact our relationships with partners and consumers using applications integrated into our platform. The performance, reliability and availability of our platform is critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain merchants, partners and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship. If service interruptions occur, merchants, partners or buyers could share information about negative experiences on social media, which could result in damage to our reputation and loss of future sales. The property and business interruption insurance coverage we carry may not be adequate to compensate us fully for losses that may occur. In addition, the hosting costs for our cloud services have increased over time and may increase further if we continue to require more computing or storage capacity and such capacity may not be available on the same terms or with the same costs or at all. These costs could adversely impact our business and financial condition.
Our business is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which may expose us to liability, increase costs or have other adverse effects that could harm our business.
We are subject to varied and complex laws, regulations and customs around the world. These laws and regulations may relate to data privacy and data localization laws, copyright or similar laws, anti-spam laws, competition laws and laws related to online platform liability, content moderation, consumer protection, counterfeiting, financial services, cross-border and domestic money transmission, product liability, employment, taxation, anti-money laundering, sanctions, anti-corruption, securities laws and export control, among others. Compliance with such laws is costly and can require changes to our business practices and significant management time and effort.
These laws are continuously evolving, particularly as they relate to internet and multi-channel commerce platforms. Additionally, many of these laws do not address the unique issues raised by online platforms and ecommerce and those that do are often intended to target consumer-facing marketplaces that are differently situated than Shopify's core services. New laws, including those governing the internet, online platforms, AI and competition, potential amendments to existing laws and ongoing regulatory and judicial interpretation of existing laws may be interpreted in a manner that restricts the scope of applicable protections, creates liability, costs or uncertainty for us and our merchants, or limits our
23
Table of C
ontents
ability to operate our platform or offer some of our products, which could in turn place us at a competitive disadvantage, subject our partners to restrictions that may impact our operations, or otherwise negatively impact our business.