on third-party relationships, including strategic partnerships and relationships with software developers, affiliates, payment processors, technology, fulfillment and shipping partners, providers of online sales channels, providers of AI technology and solutions, systems integrators and other partners. We rely on computer hardware and software licensed from and services rendered by third parties in order to provide our solutions and run our business, sometimes by a single-source supplier. Identifying, negotiating and documenting relationships with third parties requires significant time and resources as does integrating third-party content and technology. Some of the third parties that sell our services, or provide additional services on our platform, have direct contractual relationships with our merchants, and therefore we risk the loss of such merchants if the third parties fail to perform their obligations. Our agreements with cloud hosting,
19
Table of C
ontents
technology, content and consulting providers are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit such service providers from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. These third-party providers may choose to terminate their relationship with us or to make material changes to their businesses, products or services.
The success of our platform depends, in part, on our ability to integrate third-party apps, themes and other offerings into our third-party ecosystem. Third-party developers and partners may change the features of their apps, themes and other offerings or alter the terms governing the use of their offerings in a manner that is adverse to us and our merchants. If third-party apps and themes change such that we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our platform with these apps and themes, or if we fail to ensure there are third-party apps and themes that our merchants desire to add to their shops, demand for our platform could decline and merchants may see decreased sales, which in turn would impact our operating results. These third-party apps can be subject to disruptions for reasons beyond our control that could have an adverse effect on us. We are also dependent on the interoperability of our platform with third-party mobile devices and mobile operating systems, as well as web browsers and application stores that we do not control. If we are unable to maintain technical inter-operation, our merchants may not be able to effectively integrate our platform with other systems and services they use. We may also be unable to maintain our relationships with certain third-party vendors if we are unable to integrate our platform with their offerings. In addition, third-party developers may refuse to partner with us or limit or restrict our access to their offerings. Partners may also impose additional restrictions on the ability of third parties like Shopify and our merchants to access or use data from their customers or users. Such changes could