alternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction date and are recorded in other (income) expense, net. Our equity investments are included in Equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries in our consolidated balance sheets. Our share of earnings or losses are recognized in other (income) expense, net in our consolidated statements of income. We periodically evaluate all our equity investments for impairment.
The OSTTRA joint venture is accounted for using the equity method of accounting, and our share of earnings or losses are recognized in Equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries in our consolidated statements of income.
Foreign currency translation
We have operations in many foreign countries. For most international operations, the local currency is the functional currency. For international operations that are determined to be extensions of the parent company, the United States (
“U.S.”
) dollar is the functional currency. For local currency operations, assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using end of period exchange rates, and revenue and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. Foreign currency translation adjustments are accumulated in a separate component of equity.
Depreciation
The costs of property and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method based upon the following estimated useful lives: buildings and improvements from
15
to
40
years and equipment and furniture from
2
to
10
years. The costs of leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the useful lives or the terms of the respective leases.
Advertising expense
The cost of advertising is expensed as incurred.
We incurred $
229
million, $
209
million and $
177
million in advertising costs for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Stock-based compensation
Stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period, which typically is the vesting period. Stock-based compensation is classified as both operating-related expense and selling and general expense in the consolidated statements of income.
Income taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to be applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions taken or