million and employee severance charges of $1 million.
6
Intersegment eliminations primarily relate to a royalty charged to Market Intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by Ratings.
7
In 2025, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $10 million, Executive Leadership Team transition costs of $8 million, a lease impairment of $6 million and acquisition-related costs of $2 million. In 2024, selling and general expenses include IHS Markit merger costs of $18 million, employee severance charges of $2 million, acquisition-related costs of $1 million and recovery of lease-related costs of $1 million.
Operating-Related Expenses
Operating-related expenses increased 4% primarily driven by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and additional headcount, partially offset by lower outside services expenses.
Intersegment eliminations primarily relate to a royalty charged to Market Intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by Ratings.
Selling and General Expenses
Selling and general expenses increased 7%. Excluding the impact of IHS Markit merger costs in 2024 of 8 percentage points, partially offset by Executive Leadership Team transition costs in 2025 of 3 percentage points, a lease impairment in 2025 of 1 percentage point and higher acquisition-related costs in 2025 of 1 percentage point, selling and general expenses increased 10%. The increase was primarily driven by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and additional headcount, and an increase in strategic initiatives, partially offset by lower outside services expenses.
Depreciation and Amortization
Depreciation and amortization increased 2% to $293 million primarily due to higher intangible asset amortization driven by the acquisition of Visible Alpha in May of 2024.
32
Operating Profit
We consider operating profit to be an important measure for evaluating our operating performance and we evaluate operating profit for each of the reportable business segments in which we operate.
We internally manage our operations by reference to operating profit with economic resources allocated primarily based on each segment's contribution to operating profit. Segment operating profit is defined as operating profit before Corporate Unallocated expense and Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries. Segment operating profit is not, however, a measure of financial performance under U.S. GAAP, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner.
The tables below reconcile segment operating profit to total operating profit for the three months ended March 31:
1
2025 includes employee severance charges of $14 million, acquisition-related costs of $7 million, Executive Leadership Team transition costs of $4 million and disposition-related costs of $1 million. 2024 includes employee severance charges of $31 million, IHS Markit merger costs of $11 million and