charges of $26 million and acquisition-related costs of $2 million.
2022
inc
ludes
employee severance charges of $45 million and IHS Markit merger costs of $26 million
. 2024, 2023 and 2022 include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $130 million, $131 million and $111 million, respectively.
2024
Revenue increased 10% primarily due to continued demand for market data and market insights products driven by expanded product offerings to our existing customers under enterprise use contracts. An increase in sales usage-based royalties from the licensing of our proprietary market data to commodity exchanges due to increased trading volumes for Platts based contracts  across all commodity sectors and higher consulting revenue also contributed to revenue growth. Revenue was favorably impacted by the acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders in May of 2024. All four business lines contributed to revenue growth in 2024 with the Price Assessments, Energy & Resources Data & Insights and Advisory & Transactional Services businesses being the most significant drivers, followed by the Upstream Data & Insights business. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 20%. Excluding the impact of higher IHS Markit merger costs in 2023 of 5 percentage points and higher employee severance charges in 2023 of 3 percentage points, operating profit increased 12%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases, higher incentives, investment in strategic initiatives and expenses associated with the acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders. Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
53
Table of Contents
2023
Revenue increased 16% primarily due to the impact of the merger with IHS Markit, continued demand for market data and market insights products driven by expanded product offerings to our existing customers under enterprise use contracts and higher conference revenue. An increase in sales usage-based royalties from the licensing of our proprietary market data to commodity exchanges mainly due to increased trading volumes also contributed to revenue growth. The Energy & Resources Data & Insights, Price Assessments and Upstream Data & Insights businesses continue to be the most significant revenue streams, followed by the Advisory & Transactional Services business. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 19%. Excluding the impact of higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2023 of 6 percentage points and higher IHS Markit merger costs in 2023 of 3 percentage points, partially offset by higher employee severance charges in 2022 of 6 percentage points, operating profit increased 16%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth partially offset by expenses associated with the merger with IHS Markit,