regulations constrain the collection, use, storage, and transfer of personally identifiable information, and impose other obligations with which we must comply. Other regulation geared at consumer protection such as the Federal Trade Commission's CARS Rule announced in December 2023 sets a framework to ensure transparency throughout the vehicle buying and leasing process and could therefore impact Mobility's products and services. If our Mobility business fails to comply with these laws or regulations, we could be subject to significant litigation and civil or criminal penalties (including monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines) in one or more jurisdictions and reputational damage resulting in the loss of data, brand equity and business. To conduct our operations, our Mobility business also moves data across national borders and consequently can be subject to a variety of evolving and developing laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security in an increasing number of jurisdictions. Many jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, such as the U.S. Driver's Privacy Protection Act ("DPPA"), the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the cyber-security law adopted by China in 2017, the separate consumer privacy laws in California and other states in the U.S., as well as other jurisdictions considering imposing such restrictions. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently, and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which our Mobility business operates, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. It is possible that our Mobility business could be prohibited or constrained from collecting or disseminating certain types of data or from providing certain products or services. If our Mobility business fails to comply with these laws or regulations, we could be subject to significant litigation, civil or criminal penalties, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines in one or more jurisdictions. For example, a failure to comply with the GDPR could result in fines up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of annual global revenues or in the case of a DPPA violation, U.S. courts may award liquidated damages of $2,500 per individual's personal information. Additional risks are presented by the evolving landscape related to sanctions and export control laws. The landscape related to these laws is evolving rapidly and presents compliance challenges to all businesses covered by these laws. In addition, from time to time, government and self-regulatory agencies in jurisdictions where we operate conduct market studies on our markets, which may result in the imposition of remedies that impact our business.
For a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our Mobility business, see Item 1A,
Risk Factors
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a further discussion of the legal and