products, RatingsXpress®, RatingsDirect®, and data feed products within Data & Advisory Solutions at Market Intelligence; growth in corporate bond ratings revenue and bank loan ratings revenue due to higher refinancing activity and higher non-transaction revenue due to an increase in surveillance revenue and an increase in revenue at our Crisil subsidiary at Ratings; continued demand for market data and market insights products, higher conference revenue and an increase in sales usage-based royalties from the licensing of our proprietary market data and price assessments to commodity exchanges at Commodity Insights; price increases and new business growth within the Dealer business as well as the favorable impact of the acquisition of Market Scan in February of 2023 at Mobility; and higher exchange-traded derivative revenue and higher data subscription revenue at Indices. These increases were partially offset by a decrease at Engineering Solutions due to its sale on May 2, 2023, a decrease in new entity credit ratings revenue at Ratings and lower over-the-counter derivatives revenue at Indices. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit decreased 19%. Excluding the unfavorable impact of a higher gain on dispositions in 2022 of 39 percentage points, higher acquisition-related costs in 2023 of 2 percentage points and higher amortization of intangibles in 2023 of 3 percentage points, partially offset by the impact of higher IHS Markit merger costs in 2022 of 8 percentage points, the impact of a S&P Foundation grant in 2022 of 4 percentage points and higher employee severance charges in 2022 of 2 percentage points, operating profit increased 11%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by expenses associated with the merger with IHS Markit, higher compensation costs and increased incentives. Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of 1 percentage point.
Our Strategy
We are a provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity and automotive markets. Our purpose is to accelerate progress. We seek to deliver on this purpose in line with our core values of integrity, discovery and partnership.
Powering Global Markets is the framework for our forward-looking business strategy. Through this framework, we seek to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. In 2025, we are striving to deliver on our strategic priorities in the following key areas:
Financial
•
Meeting or exceeding our 2025 enterprise financial and sustainability goals; and
•
Delivering targeted capital return to shareholders.
Customer at the Core
•
Enhancing customer support and seamless user experience with an enterprise mindset and focus on ease of discoverability, distribution, and delivery of our product and