in the future, and it is in the process of evaluating the potential impact of the enactment of Pillar Two by such jurisdictions on its consolidated financial statements.
Segment Review
Market Intelligence
Market Intelligence is a global provider of multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions. Market Intelligence’s portfolio of capabilities are designed to help trading and investment professionals, government agencies, corporations and universities track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuations and manage credit risk.
On December 31, 2024, we completed the acquisition of ProntoNLP, a leading provider of generative artificial intelligence tooling, allowing users to derive differentiated insights from unstructured and structured data. The acquisition is part of our Market Intelligence segment and its intellectual property is expected to power broader enterprise-wide applications. ProntoNLP’s proprietary models and LLM-based signal tools will bolster S&P Global’s textual data analytics capabilities. The acquisition of ProntoNLP is not material to our consolidated financial statements.
On November 1, 2024, we completed the sale of the PrimeOne business, our outsourced technology platform servicing the global prime finance business. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $38 million ($27 million after-tax) in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net in the consolidated statement of income related to the sale of PrimeOne in our Market Intelligence segment.
On August 15, 2024, we completed the sale of Fincentric, formerly known as Markit Digital. This sale followed our announced intent to explore strategic opportunities for Fincentric in February of 2024. Fincentric was S&P Global’s premier digital solutions provider focused on developing mobile applications and websites for retail brokerages and other financial institutions. Fincentric specializes in designing cutting-edge financial data visualizations, interfaces and investor experiences. Fincentric was acquired by S&P Global through the merger with IHS Markit and was part of our Market Intelligence segment. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $21 million ($12 million after-tax) in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net in the consolidated statement of income related to the sale of Fincentric in our Market Intelligence segment.
On May 1, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Visible Alpha, the financial technology provider of deep industry and segment consensus data creating a premium offering of fundamental investment research capabilities on Market Intelligence’s Capital IQ Pro platform. The acquisition is part of our Market Intelligence segment and further enhances the depth and breadth of the overall Visible Alpha and S&P Capital IQ Pro offering. The acquisition of Visible Alpha is not material to our consolidated financial