contagious diseases, security breach, cyber attack, data breach, power loss, telecommunications failure or other natural or man-made event;
•
the impact on the Company’s revenue and net income caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and
•
the impact of changes in applicable tax or accounting requirements on the Company.
The factors noted above are not exhaustive. The Company and its subsidiaries operate in a dynamic business environment in which new risks emerge frequently. Accordingly, the Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-
4
Table of Contents
looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it is made, except as required by applicable law. Further information about the Company’s businesses, including information about factors that could materially affect its results of operations and financial condition, is contained in the Company’s filings with the SEC, including Item 1A,
Risk Factors
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
5
Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1.
Business
Overview
S&P Global Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “S&P Global,” the “Company,” the “Registrant,” “we,” “us” or “our”) is a provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity and automotive markets. The capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms and issuers; the commodity markets include producers, consumers, traders and intermediaries within energy, chemicals, shipping, metals, carbon and agriculture; and the automotive markets include manufacturers, suppliers, dealerships, service shops and customers. We serve our global customers through a broad range of products and services available through both third-party and proprietary distribution channels. We were incorporated in December of 1925 under the laws of the state of New York.
Our Businesses
Our operations consist of five businesses: S&P Global Market Intelligence (“Market Intelligence”), S&P Global Ratings (“Ratings”), S&P Global Commodity Insights (“Commodity Insights”), S&P Global Mobility (“Mobility”) and S&P Dow Jones Indices (“Indices”). As of May 2, 2023, we completed the sale of S&P Global Engineering Solutions (“Engineering Solutions”), a provider of engineering standards and related technical knowledge, and the results are included through that date. For a discussion on the competitive conditions and regulatory environment associated with our businesses, see “MD&A – Segment Review” contained in Item 7,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Market Intelligence
Market Intelligence is a global provider of multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated