proprietary information. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, or other obligations to us could result in material financial loss, higher costs, regulatory actions and reputational harm.
•
Outsourcing these functions also involves the risk that the third-party service providers may not maintain adequate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security of our confidential information and data. Failure of these third parties to maintain these safeguards could result in unauthorized access to our systems or a system or network disruption that could lead to improper disclosure of confidential information or data, regulatory penalties and remedial costs.
•
AWS provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a “cloud” computing service. Currently, we run a significant amount of our computing on AWS. Given this, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.
•
We rely on the business infrastructure and systems of third parties with whom we do business and to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of operational and technological functionality, including our AWS “cloud” computing services. Our service providers could experience system breakdowns or failures, outages (such as the 2024 CrowdStrike outage), downtime, cyber attacks, adverse changes to financial condition, bankruptcy or other adverse conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. Thus, our plans to increase the amount of our infrastructure that we outsource to “the cloud” or to other third parties may increase our risk exposure.
Climate change and the transition to renewable energy and a net zero economy pose operational, commercial and regulatory risks.
The physical commodity and commodity derivative markets may be impacted by decisions by market participants and policy makers to address climate change. In addition, the transition to renewable energy and a net zero economy involves changes to
23
Table of Contents
consumer and institutional preferences around energy consumption, and the possible failure of our products or services to facilitate the needs of customers during the transition to renewable energy could adversely impact our business and revenues. Changing preferences, including as a result of shifting market or political sentiment, could also have an adverse impact on the operations or financial condition of our customers, which could result in reduced revenues from those customers. We are also subject to risks relating to new or heightened climate change-related regulations or legislation, which could impact us and our customers and result in increased regulatory, compliance or operational costs. We are also subject to reputational risks relating to the perception of whether or not we are facilitating a