Engineering Solutions due to its sale on May 2, 2023. The increase at Ratings was driven by growth in both transaction revenue and non-transaction revenue. Transaction revenue increased primarily due to growth in corporate bond ratings revenue and bank loan ratings revenue driven by increased issuance volumes due to higher refinancing activity. Non-transaction revenue increased due to an increase in surveillance revenue and an increase in new entity credit ratings revenue. The increase at Market Intelligence was primarily due to subscription revenue growth for work flow solutions at Enterprise Solutions, data feed products within Data and Advisory Solutions, RatingsXpress®, RatingsDirect® and Credit Analytics within Credit & Risk Solutions and Market Intelligence Desktop products. Revenue growth at Commodity Insights was primarily due to continued demand for market data and market insights products. The increase at Indices was primarily due to higher asset-linked fees revenue, higher over-the-counter derivatives revenue, higher exchange-traded derivative revenue and higher data subscription revenue. The increase at Mobility was primarily due to new business growth within the Dealer business and strong underwriting volumes within the Financial business. Revenue at Market Intelligence was favorably impacted by the acquisition of Visible Alpha in May of 2024 and unfavorably impacted by the divestitures of Fincentric and the PrimeOne business in August of 2024 and November of 2024, respectively. Revenue at Commodity Insights was favorably impacted by the acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders in May of 2024. Revenue at Mobility was favorably impacted by the acquisition of Market Scan in February of 2023. Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 39%. Excluding the impact of a gain on dispositions in 2024 compared to a loss on dispositions, net in 2023 of 7 percentage points, higher IHS Markit merger costs in 2023 of 5 percentage points, a net acquisition-related benefit in 2024 compared to acquisition-related costs in 2023 of 4 percentage points, higher employee severance charges in 2023 of 3 percentage points, higher disposition-related costs in 2023 of 1 percentage point and higher lease impairments in 2023 of 1 percentage point, partially offset by higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2024 of 2 percentage points and legal settlement costs in 2024 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 21%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by increased incentives as a result of financial performance, higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and investments in strategic initiatives, and higher technology costs. Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of 1 percentage point.
34
Table of Contents
2023
Revenue increased 12% primarily due to the impact of the merger with IHS Markit; subscription revenue growth for Desktop