beginning of the period.
Remaining Performance Obligations
Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of contracts for work that has not yet been performed. As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was $
4.8
billion. We expect to recognize revenue on approximately sixty percent and eighty-five percent of the remaining performance obligations over the next
12
and
24
months, respectively, with the remainder recognized thereafter.
We do not disclose the value of unfulfilled performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts where revenue is a usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a license of intellectual property.
Costs to Obtain a Contract
We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year. We have determined that the costs associated with certain sales commission programs are incremental to the costs to obtain contracts with customers and therefore meet the criteria to be capitalized. Total capitalized costs to obtain a contract were $
291
million and $
234
million as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in prepaid and other current assets and other non-current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. The capitalized asset will be amortized over a period consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates, calculated based on the customer term and the average life of the products and services underlying the contracts which has been determined to be approximately
5
years. The expense is recorded within selling and general expenses in the consolidated statements of income.
We expense sales commissions when incurred if the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling and general expenses.
Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
The Company holds an investment in a
50
/
50
joint venture arrangement with shared control with CME Group that combines each company’s post-trade services into a joint venture, OSTTRA. The joint venture provides trade processing and risk mitigation operations and incorporates CME Group’s optimization businesses (Traiana, TriOptima, and Reset) and the Company’s MarkitSERV business. The combination is intended to increase operating efficiencies of both the company’s business to more effectively service clients with enhanced platforms and services for OTC markets across interest rate, FX,
81
Table of Contents
equity, and credit asset classes. Our share of earnings or losses are recognized in Equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries in our consolidated statements of income.
Other (Income) Expense, net
The components of other (income) expense, net for the years ended December 31 are as follows:
Assets and