pre-tax gains (losses) on our cash flow hedges and net investment hedges for the years ended December 31:
The activity related to the change in unrealized gains (losses) in accumulated other comprehensive loss was as follows for the years ended December 31:
7.
Employee Benefits
We maintain a number of active defined contribution retirement plans for our employees. The majority of our defined benefit plans are frozen. As a result, no new employees will be permitted to enter these plans and no additional benefits for current participants in the frozen plans will be accrued.
We also have supplemental benefit plans that provide senior management with supplemental retirement, disability and death benefits. Certain supplemental retirement benefits are based on final monthly earnings. In addition, we sponsor a voluntary 401(k) plan under which we may match employee contributions up to certain levels of compensation as well as profit-sharing plans under which we contribute a percentage of eligible employees’ compensation to the employees’ accounts.
100
Table of Contents
We also provide certain medical, dental and life insurance benefits for active employees and eligible dependents. The medical and dental plans and supplemental life insurance plan are contributory, while the basic life insurance plan is noncontributory. We currently do not prefund any of these plans.
We recognize the funded status of our retirement and postretirement plans in the consolidated balance sheets, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes. The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent net unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service costs. These amounts will be subsequently recognized as net periodic pension cost pursuant to our accounting policy for amortizing such amounts.
Net periodic benefit cost for our retirement and postretirement plans other than the service cost component are included in other (income) expense, net in our consolidated statements of income.
101
Table of Contents
Benefit Obligation
A summary of the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets, as well as the funded status for the retirement and postretirement plans as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows (benefits paid in the table below include only those amounts contributed directly to or paid directly from plan assets):
1
Relates to the impact of lump sum benefit payments to terminated vested participants to settle existing pension obligations owed under the plan. The non-cash pretax settlement charge reflects the accelerated recognition of a portion of unamortized actuarial losses in the plan.
102
Table of Contents
Net Periodic Benefit Cost
For purposes of determining annual pension cost, prior service costs are being amortized straight-line over the average expected remaining lifetime of plan participants expected to receive benefits.
A summary of net periodic benefit cost for our retirement and