periodic inspection of credit rating agencies operating in the EU. Ratings was granted registration in October of 2011. In January of 2011, the EU established the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”), which, among other things, has direct supervisory responsibility for the registered credit rating industry throughout the EU.
Additional rules augmenting the supervisory framework for credit rating agencies went into effect in 2013. Commonly referred to as CRA3, these rules, among other things:
•
impose various additional procedural requirements with respect to ratings of sovereign issuers;
•
require member states to adopt laws imposing liability on credit rating agencies for an intentional or grossly negligent failure to abide by the applicable regulations;
•
impose mandatory rotation requirements on credit rating agencies hired by issuers of securities for ratings of resecuritizations, which may limit the number of years a credit rating agency can issue ratings for such securities of a particular issuer;
•
impose restrictions on credit rating agencies or their shareholders if certain ownership thresholds are crossed; and
•
impose additional procedural and substantive requirements on the pricing of services.
Since January 2025, Ratings has been subject in the EU to new operational resilience and cyber security standards under the Digital Operational Resilience Act, including technical and organizational standards and responsibilities which may require technology and/or organizational investment.
The EU ESG Ratings Regulation will start applying mid-2026 and could impose new regulatory requirements regarding some of Ratings' ancillary and other services.
51
Table of Contents
The financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the EU.
United Kingdom
Following its exit from the European Union, the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) established a credit rating agencies oversight regime with rules that closely mirror those in place in the EU. Ratings was granted registration with the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) on January 1, 2021. It is possible that the rules applicable to credit rating agencies in the U.K. will diverge from those in the EU in the future as a result of changes to one or the other legislative regime or differing approaches by the FCA and ESMA.
Other Jurisdictions
Outside of the U.S., the EU and the U.K., regulators and government officials have also been implementing formal oversight of credit rating agencies. Ratings is subject to regulations in most of the foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and continues to work closely with regulators globally to promote the global consistency of regulatory requirements. Regulators in additional countries may introduce new regulations in the future.
For a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our Ratings business, see Item 1A,
Risk Factors
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a further discussion of the legal and