geographically, enhance products, innovate, increase sales, promote brand awareness (and can lead to brand confusion) and may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Increased availability of free or relatively inexpensive information sources may materially reduce demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
In recent years, more public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information have become available, particularly through the Internet, and advances in public cloud computing and open source software are expected to continue. Moreover, AI is being used in a way that is significantly increasing access to publicly available free or relatively inexpensive information. Given the importance of data to our products and services, the continued growth of publicly available free or relatively inexpensive information could materially reduce demand for our products and services. Demand could also be materially reduced as a result of cost-cutting initiatives at certain companies and organizations that choose to use publicly available free or relatively inexpensive information rather than pay for our products and services. Although we believe our products are enhanced by our analysis, tools, delivery mechanisms and applications, if a large number of smaller customers or a critical number of larger customers choose to use public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information as a substitute for our products or services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Our approach to AI may not be successful, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
AI is an emerging technology that is fundamentally changing the way data is gathered, produced, protected, licensed, processed, and consumed. Given the importance of data to our products and services, AI continues to be an increasingly important part of our business and industry.  We have established a Company-wide AI strategy to drive our approach to data protection, licensing and AI integration in our processes, products and services.  We have made significant investments in various AI initiatives. However, the AI landscape is complex and rapidly evolving, and new and enhanced laws and regulations (or inadequate laws or regulations), governmental or regulatory scrutiny, competition from established or emerging companies, litigation, ethical concerns, cybersecurity concerns, intellectual property concerns, or other complications could materially and adversely impact our ability to protect our data and intellectual property, to develop and offer products and services that effectively use AI, to compete with other AI products or services, to improve efficiency of existing products or services through the effective use of AI to remain competitive,