severance charges of $2 million and amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $2 million and $7 million, respectively.
Revenue increased 8%, with an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates of 1 percentage point. Non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in volume related to surveillance, commercial paper, and medium-term notes. Transaction revenue increased primarily due to structured finance revenue driven by increased collateralized loan obligations (“CLOs”), bank loan ratings revenue due to higher M&A activity, and U.S. Public Finance revenue due to an increase in issuance volumes.
Operating profit increased 11% primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and additional headcount, and an increase in strategic investments. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 2 percentage points.
37
Billed Issuance Volumes
We monitor billed issuance volumes regularly within Ratings. Billed issuance excludes items that do not impact transaction revenue, such as issuance from frequent issuer programs, unrated debt, and most international public finance to more effectively correlate issuance activity to movements in transaction revenue.
The following table provides billed issuance levels based on Ratings’ internal data feeds for the three months ended March 31:
Note - Totals presented may not sum due to rounding.
*
Includes Corporates, Financial Services and Infrastructure.
**
Includes Bank Loans, Structured Finance and Government.
First quarter billed issuance was up due to increases in bank loans and structured finance. Structured finance billed issuance increases were driven primarily by new CLO issuance.
For a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our Ratings business, see Item 1A,
Risk Factors
in this Form 10-Q and our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a further discussion of the legal and regulatory matters see Note 12 –
Commitments and Contingencies
to the consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q.
Commodity Insights
Commodity Insights is a leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodity and energy markets. Commodity Insights provides essential price data, analytics, industry insights and software & services, enabling the commodity and energy markets to perform with greater transparency and efficiency.
Commodity Insights includes the following business lines:
•
Energy & Resources Data & Insights
—
includes data, news, insights, and analytics for petroleum, gas, power & renewables, petrochemicals, metals & steel, agriculture, and other commodities;
•
Price Assessments
—
includes price assessments and benchmarks, and forward curves;
•
Upstream Data & Insights — includes exploration & production data and insights, software and analytics; and
•
Advisory & Transactional Services
—
includes consulting services, conferences, events and global trading services.