of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 19%. Excluding the impact of a loss on disposition in 2024 compared to a gain on disposition in 2023 of 4 percentage points, partially offset by higher employee severance charges in 2023 of 3 percentage points, operating profit increased 18% due to revenue growth partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases,
58
Table of Contents
higher incentives and an increase in strategic investments. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
2023
Revenue at Indices increased 5% primarily due to higher exchange-traded derivative revenue driven by continued strength in average trading volume and higher data subscription revenue, partially offset by lower over-the-counter derivatives revenue. Asset linked fees remained relatively unchanged at Indices due to higher average levels of AUM for ETFs, offset by product mix. Average levels of AUM for ETFs increased 8% to $2.895 trillion and ending AUM for ETFs increased 27% to $3.303 trillion compared to 2022. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit remained unchanged, decreasing less than 1%. Excluding the impact of a higher gain on dispositions in 2022 of 5 percentage points and higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2023 of 1 percentage point, partially offset by  higher employee severance charges in 2022 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 5% due to revenue growth partially offset by increased compensation costs and incentives. Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Industry Highlights and Outlook
Revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in asset linked fees revenue driven by higher levels of AUM for ETFs and mutual funds, higher over-the-counter derivatives revenue, higher exchange-traded derivative revenue driven by continued strength in trading volume and higher data subscription revenue. Indices continues to be a leading index provider for the ETF market space.
Key strategic growth areas, including thematic and factor indices and energy transition and sustainability, continue to be areas of focus for Indices and contributed to revenue growth in 2024.
Legal and Regulatory Environment
The financial benchmarks industry is subject to specific benchmark regulation in the European Union (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"), the United Kingdom (the "U.K. Benchmark Regulation"), and Australia (the "Australia Benchmark Regulation"). Various other jurisdictions, including the United States, India, Canada and South Africa, are also considering the regulation of financial benchmarks through new or existing regimes.
Although they vary in scope, the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation, the U.K. Benchmark Regulation and the Australian Benchmark Regulation are similar. Indices currently maintains a benchmark administrator in both the Netherlands (authorized by