as well as regulators in other countries in which Ratings operates, have reviewed the role of rating agencies and their processes and the need for greater oversight or regulations concerning the issuance of credit ratings or the activities of credit rating agencies, and they may conduct such reviews in the future. Other laws, regulations and rules relating to credit rating agencies are from time to time considered by local, national and multinational bodies and are likely to continue to be considered in the future, including, for example,  provisions seeking to reduce regulatory and investor reliance on credit ratings or to increase competition among credit rating agencies, provisions regarding remuneration and rotation of credit rating agencies, and liability standards applicable to credit rating agencies. Other laws, regulations and rules are being considered or are likely to be considered in the future that may impact ancillary and other services provided by Ratings in addition to its credit rating products and services. Examples include regulatory oversight regimes for ESG ratings providers which may impose new regulatory requirements regarding some of Ratings’ ancillary and other services, such as the EU regulation on the transparency and integrity of ESG rating activities adopted by the European Parliament and Council in November 2024, or draft legislation published by the U.K. in 2024 to empower the FCA to supervise ESG ratings providers.
•
These laws and regulations, and any other similar future rule-making, could result in reduced demand for credit ratings and/or significant increased costs, which we may be unable to pass through to customers. In addition, there may be uncertainty over the scope, interpretation and administration of such laws and regulations. We may be required to incur significant expenses and/or take actions inconsistent with our business objectives in order to comply with such laws and regulations and to mitigate the risk of fines, penalties or other sanctions. Legal proceedings could become increasingly lengthy and there may be increased uncertainty over and exposure to liability. It is difficult to accurately assess the future impact of legislative and regulatory requirements on our business and our customers’ businesses, and they may affect Ratings’ communications with issuers as part of the rating assignment process, alter the manner in which Ratings’ ratings are developed, affect the manner in which Ratings or its customers or users of credit ratings operate, impact the demand for our ratings or our other products and services and alter the economics of the credit ratings business. Each of these developments could materially increase the costs and legal risk associated with the
16
Table of Contents
issuance of our credit ratings or our other products and services and may have a material adverse effect on our operations, profitability and competitiveness, the demand for our credit ratings or our other products and