loans. Structured finance billed issuance increases were driven primarily by new CLO issuance.
Industry Highlights and Outlook
Revenue increased in 2024 primarily driven by an increase in corporate bond ratings revenue, bank loan ratings revenue and an increase in non-transaction revenue. Increased issuance volumes due to higher refinancing activity drove increases in corporate bond ratings revenue and bank loan ratings revenue. An increase in structured finance revenue driven by increased CLO issuance also contributed to transaction revenue growth.
Energy transition and sustainability initiatives and international expansion in emerging markets continue to be areas of focus for Ratings.
Legal and Regulatory Environment
General
Ratings and many of the securities that it rates are subject to extensive regulation in both the U.S. and in other countries, and therefore existing and proposed laws and regulations can impact the Company’s operations and the markets in which it operates. Additional laws and regulations have been adopted but not yet implemented or have been proposed or are being considered. In addition, in certain countries, governments may provide financial or other support to locally-based rating agencies. For example, governments may from time to time establish official rating agencies or credit ratings criteria or procedures for evaluating local issuers. We have reviewed the new laws, regulations and rules which have been adopted and we have implemented, or are planning to implement, changes as required. We do not believe that such new laws, regulations or rules will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Other laws, regulations and rules relating to credit rating agencies are from time to time considered by local, national, foreign and multinational bodies and are likely to continue to be considered in the future, including, for example, provisions seeking to reduce regulatory and investor reliance on credit ratings or to increase competition among credit rating agencies, provisions regarding remuneration and rotation of credit rating agencies, and liability standards applicable to credit rating agencies. Similarly, other laws, regulations
50
Table of Contents
and rules are being adopted or considered or are likely to be considered in the future that may impact ancillary and other services provided by Ratings in addition to its credit rating products and services, for example regulatory oversight regimes for ESG ratings providers such as the EU regulation on the transparency and integrity of ESG rating activities that was adopted by the European Parliament and Council in November 2024 (the "EU ESG Ratings Regulation").  The impact on us of the adoption of any such laws, regulations or rules remains uncertain, but could increase the costs and legal risks relating to Ratings’ activities, or adversely affect our ability to compete and/or our remuneration, or result in changes in the demand for