another regulator raises, there can be no assurance that the SEC or another regulator will not seek remedies against S&P Global for one or more compliance deficiencies. Any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions, which could adversely impact our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business or competitive position.
In view of the uncertainty inherent in litigation and government and regulatory enforcement matters, we cannot predict the eventual outcome of such matters or the timing of their resolution, or in most cases reasonably estimate what the eventual judgments, damages, fines, penalties or impact of activity (if any) restrictions may be. As a result, we cannot provide assurance that such outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business or competitive position. As litigation or the process to resolve pending matters progresses, as the case may be, we will continue to review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business or competitive position, which may require that we record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods.
119
Table of Contents
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
We have filed the required certifications under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 incorporated herein by reference from Exhibits (31.1) and (31.2) to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition we have filed the required certifications under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit (32) to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
This Item 9A. includes information concerning the controls and control evaluations referred to in the required certifications.
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed so that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Interim Chief Financial Officer (“Interim CFO”), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
As of December 31, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the CEO and Interim CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, management, including the CEO and Interim CFO,