migration away from fossil fuels. The risks associated with climate change and the transition to renewable energy and a net zero economy are continuing to evolve rapidly, and we expect that climate change-related risks may increase over time.
Our expansion into and investments in new markets may not be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We believe there remains significant opportunity to expand our business into major geographic and product markets (including energy transition, private markets and emerging markets), and we are in the process of such expansion efforts. Expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment and attention from management. These markets may not develop as anticipated or we may not have success in these markets, in which case we may be unable to recover our investment spent to expand our business into these markets or may forgo opportunities in more lucrative markets, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our indebtedness, or a downgrade to our credit ratings, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
•
We may incur substantial additional indebtedness (including secured indebtedness) for many reasons, including to fund acquisitions, which could have significant consequences on our future operations, including: making it more difficult for us to satisfy our indebtedness obligations and our other ongoing business obligations, which may result in defaults; events of default if we fail to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in the agreements governing our debt instruments, which could result in all of our debt becoming immediately due and payable or require us to negotiate an amendment to financial or other covenants that could cause us to incur additional fees and expenses; limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industries in which we operate, and the overall economy; placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to any of our competitors that have less debt or are less leveraged; and increasing our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions.
•
Our ability to meet our payment and other obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot be certain that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under our existing or any future credit facilities or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our indebtedness obligations and to fund other liquidity needs.
24
Table of Contents
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments