financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries and our share of earnings or losses of joint ventures and affiliated companies under the equity method of accounting. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The Company applies the guidelines set forth in Topic 810 of the ASC in assessing its interests in variable interest entities to decide whether to consolidate an entity. The Company has reviewed the potential variable interest entities and determined that there are no consolidation requirements under Topic 810 of the ASC.
Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
82
Table of Contents
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include ordinary bank deposits and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that consist primarily of money market funds with unrestricted daily liquidity and fixed term time deposits. Such investments and bank deposits are stated at cost, which approximates market value, and were $
1.7
billion and $
1.3
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These investments are not subject to significant market risk.
Restricted cash
Cash that is subject to legal restrictions or is unavailable for general operating purposes is classified as restricted cash.
We had
no
restricted cash included in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024. Restricted cash included in our consolidated balance sheet was $
1
million as of December 31, 2023.
Short-term investments
Short-term investments are securities with original maturities greater than 90 days that are available for use in our operations in the next twelve months. The short-term investments, primarily consisting of certificates of deposit and mutual funds, are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value, which is estimated based on the net asset value of these investments. Interest and dividends are recorded in income when earned.
Accounts receivable
Credit is extended to customers based upon an evaluation of the customer’s financial condition. Accounts receivable, which include billings consistent with terms of contractual arrangements, are recorded at net realizable value.
Allowance for doubtful accounts
The allowance for doubtful accounts reserve methodology is based on historical analysis, a review of outstanding balances and current conditions, and by incorporating data points that provide indicators of future economic conditions including forecasted industry default rates and industry index benchmarks. In determining these reserves, we consider, amongst other factors, the financial condition and risk profile of our customers, areas of specific or concentrated risk as