May 2, 2023, we completed the sale of Engineering Solutions to Allium Buyer LLC, a Delaware limited liability company controlled by funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”). We received the full proceeds from the sale of $
975
million in cash, subject to purchase price adjustments, which resulted in approximately $
750
million in after-tax proceeds. During the year ended December 31, 2023,
we recorded a pre-tax loss of $
120
million in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net and disposition-related costs of $
16
million in selling and general expenses in the consolidated statement of income ($
182
million after-tax, net of a release of a deferred tax liability of $
157
million)
related to the sale of Engineering Solutions. The transaction followed our announced intent in November of 2022 to divest the business. Engineering Solutions became part of the Company following our merger with IHS Markit.
•
In the first quarter of 2023, we received a contingent payment following the sale of Leveraged Commentary and Data (“LCD”) along with a related family of leveraged loan indices in June of 2022. The contingent payment was payable
six months
following the closing upon the achievement of certain conditions related to the transition of LCD customer relationships. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the contingent payment resulted in a pre-tax gain of $
46
million ($
34
million after-tax) related to the sale of LCD in our Market Intelligence segment and $
4
million ($
3
million after-tax) in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net related to the sale of a family of leveraged loan indices in our Indices segment.
2022
As a condition of securing regulatory approval for the merger, S&P Global and IHS Markit agreed to divest of certain of their businesses. S&P Global’s divestitures include CUSIP Global Services (“CGS”), its LCD business and a related family of leveraged loan indices while IHS Markit’s divestitures include Oil Price Information Services (“OPIS”); Coal, Metals and Mining; and PetroChem Wire businesses and its Base Chemicals business.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the following dispositions that resulted in a pre-tax gain of $
1.9
billion
, which was included in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net in the consolidated statement of income:
•
In June of 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of LCD along with a related family of leveraged loan indices, within our Market Intelligence and Indices segments, respectively, to Morningstar for a purchase price of $
600
million in cash, subject to customary adjustments, and a contingent payment of up to $
50
million which was payable
six months
following the closing upon the achievement of certain conditions related to the transition of LCD customer relationships. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $
505
million ($
378
million after-tax) for the sale of LCD. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a pre-tax gain of