acquisitions.
Divestitures
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we did not complete any material dispositions.
3.
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate was
21.7
% and
18.8
% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively. The higher rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was primarily due to change in mix of income by jurisdiction. The lower rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was primarily due to a combination of discrete adjustments.
At the end of each interim period, we estimate the annual effective tax rate and apply that rate to our ordinary quarterly earnings. The tax expense or benefit related to significant unusual or infrequently occurring items that will be separately reported or reported net of their related tax effect, and are individually computed, is recognized in the interim period in which those items occur. In addition, the effect of changes in enacted tax laws or rates or tax status is recognized in the interim period in which the change occurs.
The Company is subject to tax examinations in various jurisdictions. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the total amount of federal, state and local, and foreign unrecognized tax benefits was $
341
million and $
325
million, respectively, exclusive of interest and penalties. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and operating-related expense, respectively. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had $
78
million and $
65
million, respectively, of accrued interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits. Based on the current status of income tax audits, we believe that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by approximately $
16
million in the next twelve months as a result of the resolution of local tax examinations.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) introduced an international tax framework under Pillar Two which includes a global minimum tax of 15%. This framework has been implemented by several jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, with effect from January 1, 2024, and many other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, are in the process of implementing it. The effect of enacted Pillar Two taxes has been included in the results disclosed and did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. The Company continues to monitor jurisdictions that are expected to implement Pillar Two in the future, and it is in the process of evaluating the potential impact of the enactment of Pillar Two by such jurisdictions on its consolidated financial statements.
11
4.
Debt
A summary of short-term and long-term debt outstanding is as follows:
1
We made a $
4
million repayment of our
4.75
% senior notes in the first quarter of 2025.
2
Interest payments are due semiannually on March 1 and September 1.
3
Interest payments