rates, and expected business performance. There are also different valuation models and inputs for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. Our estimates and assumptions may be based, in part, on the availability of listed market prices or other transparent market data. These determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable, but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain. Depending on the size of the purchase price of a particular acquisition, the mix of intangible assets acquired, and expected business performance, the purchase price allocation could be materially impacted by applying a different set of assumptions and estimates.
Allowance for doubtful accounts
The allowance for doubtful accounts reserve methodology is based on historical analysis, a review of outstanding balances and current conditions, and by incorporating data points that provide indicators of future economic conditions including forecasted industry default rates and industry index benchmarks. In determining these reserves, we consider, amongst other factors, the financial condition and risk profile of our customers, areas of specific or concentrated risk as well as applicable industry trends or market indicators. The impact on operating profit for a one percentage point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts is approximately $29 million.
We incorporate the forecasted impact of future economic conditions into our allowance for doubtful accounts measurement process. In times of economic turmoil, our estimates and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty than in more stable periods. Based on our current outlook these assumptions are not expected to significantly change in 2025.
Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets (including other intangible assets)
We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Upon such an occurrence, recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to current forecasts of undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. For long-lived assets held for sale, assets are written down to fair value, less cost to sell. Fair value is determined based on market evidence, discounted cash flows, appraised values or management’s estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and