higher compensation costs, increased incentives, an increase in costs related to the Commodity Insights conferences in 2023 and an increase in strategic investments. Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of 1 percentage point.
Industry Highlights and Outlook
In 2024, sustained demand for market data and market insights products, an increase in sales usage-based royalties from the licensing of our proprietary market data and price assessments to commodity exchanges mainly due to increased trading volumes, higher consulting revenue and the favorable impact of the acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders in May of 2024 contributed to revenue growth. Commodity Insights continues to focus on developing new products and product features leveraging technology investments and developing key product offerings in energy transition and sustainability.
Legal and Regulatory Environment
Commodity Insights' price assessment business is subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny.  Commodity Insights is subject to commodity benchmark regulation in the EU (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) and the U.K. (the "U.K. Benchmark Regulation"), as well as increasing regulation in other jurisdictions. Commodity Insights has obtained authorization and is now supervised by the
Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets
in the Netherlands under the EU Benchmark Regulation, and it will likely need to take similar steps in other jurisdictions including the United Kingdom when the transitional period under the EU Benchmark Regulation (and its equivalent under the U.K. Benchmark Regulation) ends, as well as in jurisdictions outside of Europe implementing similar legislation.
The EU's package of legislative measures called the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Regulation (collectively "MiFID II") have applied in all EU Member States since 2018. MiFID II includes provisions that, among other things: (i) impose new conditions and requirements on the licensing of benchmarks and provide for non-discriminatory access to exchanges and clearing houses; (ii) modify the categorization and treatment of certain classes of derivatives; (iii) expand the categories of trading venue that are subject to regulation; (iv) require the unbundling of investment research and direct  how asset managers pay for research either out of a research payment account or from a firm’s profits; and (v) provide for the mandatory trading of certain derivatives on exchanges (complementing the mandatory derivative clearing requirements in the E.U. Market Infrastructure Regulation of 2011). MiFID II and potential subsequent amendments may result in changes to the manner in which the Commodity Insights business licenses its price assessments. MiFID II and the Market Abuse Regulation may impose additional regulatory burdens on Commodity Insights activities in the EU over time, but their impact on, and costs to, the Company have not yet been substantive.
In October of 2012, IOSCO issued its Principles for