primarily due to growth in Data, Analytics & Insights driven by the favorable impact of the acquisition of Visible Alpha in May of 2024, growth in RatingsXpress®, RatingsDirect® and Credit Analytics within Credit & Risk Solutions and growth for work flow solutions in Enterprise Solutions, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the sale of Fincentric in August of 2024 at Market Intelligence, continued demand for Commodity Insights market data and market insights products, new business growth within the Dealer business and strong underwriting volumes and market share growth within the Financial business at Mobility, and higher data subscription revenue at Indices. Non-subscription / transaction revenue increased primarily due to structured finance revenue driven by increased collateralized loan obligations, bank loan ratings revenue due to higher M&A activity, and U.S. Public Finance revenue due to an increase in issuance volumes at Ratings, and an increase in conference revenue at Commodity Insights. Non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in volume related to surveillance, commercial paper, and medium-term notes at Ratings. Asset linked fees increased at Indices primarily due to higher levels of assets under management for ETFs and mutual funds. The increase in sales-usage based royalties was driven by higher exchange-traded derivative revenue at Indices and the licensing of our proprietary market data to commodity exchanges at Commodity Insights. Recurring variable revenue at Market Intelligence increased due to increased volumes. See “Segment Review” below for further information.
The unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by 1 percentage point. This impact refers to constant currency comparisons estimated by recalculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year.
31
Total Expenses
The following tables provide an analysis by segment of our operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses for the
three months
ended March 31:
N/M – Represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful
1
In 2025, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $14 million, acquisition-related costs of $7 million, Executive Leadership Team transition costs of $4 million and disposition-related costs of $1 million. In 2024, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $31 million, IHS Markit merger costs of $11 million and acquisition-related costs of $3 million.
2
In 2025 and 2024, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $2 million.
3
In 2025, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $6 million. In 2024, selling and general expenses include IHS Markit merger costs of $5 million.
4
In 2024, selling and general expenses include IHS Markit merger costs of $1 million.
5
In 2024, selling and general expenses include IHS Markit merger costs of $1