affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations.
We operate in the capital, commodity, and automotive markets. The capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms, and issuers; the commodity markets include producers, consumers, traders and intermediaries within energy, chemicals, shipping, metals, carbon and agriculture; and the automotive markets include manufacturers, suppliers, dealerships, service shops and customers. Certain risk factors are applicable to certain of our individual segments while other risk factors are applicable Company-wide.
Cybersecurity, Technology and Innovation Risks
Our size, scale and role in the global markets increases our risk for cyber attacks and other cyber-security risks. Our information systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information, including material non-public information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
•
Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our information systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers, including our vendors. Cyber threats continue to evolve and are increasingly difficult to detect and successfully defend against. As a result, cyber threats have in the past and may in the future defeat the measures that we or our third-party service providers take to anticipate, detect, avoid, or mitigate such threats.
•
Our businesses often have access to material non-public information concerning the Company’s customers, including sovereigns, public and private companies, and other third parties around the world, the unauthorized disclosure of which could affect the trading markets for such customers’ securities and could damage such customers’ competitive positions. Some of our own products and services also include material non-public information that could affect trading markets. Unauthorized disclosure of this information as a result of cyber attacks and other unauthorized occurrences on our information systems and networks could cause our customers to lose faith in our ability to protect confidential information and therefore cause customers to cease doing business with us.
•
The cyber threats we and our third-party service providers (including our vendors) face are rapidly evolving and are
10
Table of Contents
becoming increasingly sophisticated (including through the use of generative artificial intelligence ("AI")) and include denial of service attacks, ransomware, spyware, phishing/smishing/vishing attacks, business compromise attacks, employee errors,