1A,
Risk Factors
in this Form 10-Q and our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a further discussion of the legal and regulatory matters see Note 12 –
Commitments and Contingencies
to the consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
We continue to maintain a strong financial position. Our primary source of funds for operations is cash from our businesses. Cash on hand, cash flows from operations and availability under our existing credit facility are expected to be sufficient to meet any additional operating and recurring cash needs into the foreseeable future. We use our cash for a variety of needs, including but not limited to: ongoing investments in our businesses, strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends, repayment of debt, capital expenditures and investment in our infrastructure.
42
Cash Flow Overview
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash were $1,469 million as of March 31, 2025, a decrease of $197 million from December 31, 2024.
The following table provides cash flow information for the three months ended March 31:
N/M – Represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful
In the first three months of 2025, free cash flow decreased $35 million to $816 million compared to $851 million in the first three months of 2024. The decrease is primarily due to an increase in cash used for capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interest holders. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and reflects our cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interest holders. Capital expenditures include purchases of property and equipment and additions to technology projects. See “Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Information” below for a reconciliation of cash flow provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, to free cash flow.
Operating activities
Cash provided by operating activities remained relatively unchanged for the first three months of 2025 compared to 2024. This is primarily attributable to higher operating results and higher billings in 2025, partially offset by higher compensation payments in 2025 and proceeds received from the termination of interest rate swaps in 2024.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) introduced an international tax framework under Pillar Two which includes a global minimum tax of 15%. This framework has been implemented by several jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, with effect from January 1, 2024, and many other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, are in the process of implementing it. The effect of enacted Pillar Two taxes has been included in the results disclosed and did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. The Company continues to monitor jurisdictions that are expected to implement Pillar