compensation and have an equivalent number of shares credited to their deferred stock account. Recipients under this plan are not required to provide consideration to us other than rendering service. Shares will be delivered as of the date a recipient ceases to be a member of the Board of Directors or within
five years
thereafter, if so elected. The plan will remain in effect until terminated by the Board of Directors or until no shares of stock remain available under the plan.
•
2014 Equity Incentive Award Plan and the Amended and Restated IHS Inc. 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “IHS Markit’s equity plans”)
– In connection with the merger with IHS Markit, we assumed the outstanding restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, deferred stock units, and stock options granted under IHS Markit’s equity plans, converted using the
0.2838
merger exchange ratio. From the merger date, no additional awards under these plans may be granted; however, the outstanding awards that were converted at the merger date continue to vest in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement.
The number of common shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan are as follows:
1
Shares reserved for issuance under the Director Plan are less than
1.0
million at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
We issue treasury shares upon the issuance of restricted stock and other stock-based awards and the exercise of stock options. To offset the dilutive effect of our equity compensation plans, we periodically repurchase shares. See Note 9 –
Equity
for further discussion.
106
Table of Contents
Stock-based compensation expense and the corresponding tax benefit are as follows:
Restricted Stock and Other Stock-Based Awards
Restricted stock and other stock-based awards (performance and non-performance) have been granted under the 2002 Plan and 2019 Plan. Performance unit awards only vest if we achieve certain financial goals over the performance period. Restricted stock non-performance awards have various vesting periods (generally
three years
). Recipients of restricted stock and unit awards are not required to provide consideration to us other than rendering service.
The stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock and other stock-based awards is determined based on the market price of our stock at the grant date of the award applied to the total number of awards that are anticipated to fully vest. For performance awards, adjustments are made to expense consistent with the expected percent achievement of the performance goals.
Restricted stock and other stock-based award activity is as follows:
Stock Options
Stock options may not be granted at a price less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Stock options granted vest over a
four-year
service period and have a maximum term of
10
years. Stock option compensation costs are recognized from the date of grant, utilizing a
four-year
graded vesting method. Under this method,