and acquisition and disposition-related costs.
4
Corporate Unallocated expense includes costs for corporate functions, select initiatives, unoccupied office space and Kensho, included in selling and general expenses.
21
The following table presents our revenue disaggregated by revenue type for the three months ended March 31:
1
Intersegment eliminations primarily consists of a royalty charged to Market Intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by Ratings.
22
Segment information as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 is as follows:
1
Corporate assets consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, investments, goodwill and other intangible assets, assets for pension benefits and deferred income taxes.
The following provides revenue by geographic region for the three months ended March 31:
See Note 10
—
Restructuring
for additional actions that impacted the segment operating results.
12.
Commitments and Contingencies
Leases
We determine whether an arrangement meets the criteria for an operating lease or a finance lease at the inception of the arrangement. We have operating leases for office space and equipment. Our leases have remaining lease terms of
1
year to
12
years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to
12
years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases early. We sublease certain real estate leases to third parties which mainly consist of operating leases for space within our offices.
Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet; we recognize lease expenses for these leases on a straight line-basis over the lease term in operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses.
Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Our future minimum based payments used to determine our lease liabilities include minimum based rent payments and escalations. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments.
The following table provides information on the location and amounts of our leases on our consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
23
The components of lease expense for the three months ended March 31 are as follows:
Supplemental information related to leases for the three months ended March 31 are as follows:
Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate for our operating leases are as follows:
Maturities of lease liabilities for our operating leases are as follows:
As of March 31, 2025, the Company has certain lease agreements that have not yet commenced with total estimated future lease payments of $
86
million which have been excluded from the table above. These leases are expected to begin in the