Commodity Insights’ revenue is generated primarily through the following sources:
•
Subscription revenue
—
primarily from subscriptions to our market data and market insights (price assessments, market reports and commentary and analytics) along with other information products and software term licenses;
•
Sales usage-based royalties
—
primarily from licensing our proprietary market price data and price assessments to commodity exchanges; and
•
Non-subscription revenue
—
conference sponsorship, consulting engagements, events, and perpetual software licenses.
38
The following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the three months ended March 31:
1
2025 includes employee severance charges of $6 million. 2024 includes IHS Markit merger costs of $5 million. 2025 and 2024 also include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $33 million and $32 million, respectively.
Revenue increased 9% primarily due to continued demand for market data and market insights products driven by expanded product offerings to our existing customers under enterprise use contracts and an increase in conference revenue driven by increased attendance at CERAWeek in 2025. An increase in sales usage-based royalties from the licensing of our proprietary market data to commodity exchanges due to increased trading volumes for Platts based contracts across most commodity sectors also contributed to revenue growth. Revenue was favorably impacted by the acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders in May of 2024. All four business lines contributed to revenue growth in the first quarter of 2025 with the Advisory & Transactional Services and Energy & Resources Data & Insights businesses being the most significant drivers, followed by the Price Assessments and Upstream Data & Insights businesses. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 13%. Excluding the impact of higher employee severance charges in 2025 of 9 percentage points, partially offset by IHS Markit merger costs in 2024 of 7 percentage points, operating profit increased 11%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and additional headcount, investment in strategic initiatives and expenses associated with the acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
For a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our Commodity Insights business, see Item 1A,
Risk Factors
in this Form 10-Q and our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a further discussion of the legal and regulatory matters see Note 12 –
Commitments and Contingencies
to the consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q.
39
Mobility
Mobility is a leading provider of solutions serving the full automotive value chain including vehicle manufacturers (Original Equipment Manufacturers or OEMs),