well as applicable industry trends or market indicators.
Capitalized technology costs
We capitalize certain software development and website implementation costs. Capitalized costs only include incremental, direct costs of materials and services incurred to develop the software after the preliminary project stage is completed, funding has been committed and it is probable that the project will be completed and used to perform the function intended. Incremental costs are expenditures that are out-of-pocket to us and are not part of an allocation or existing expense base. Software development and website implementation costs are expensed as incurred during the preliminary project stage. Capitalized costs are amortized from the year the software is ready for its intended use over its estimated useful life,
three
to
seven years
, using the straight-line method. Periodically, we evaluate the amortization methods, remaining lives and recoverability of such costs. Capitalized software development and website implementation costs are included in other non-current assets and are presented net of accumulated amortization.
Gross capitalized technology costs were $
338
million and $
303
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Accumulated amortization of capitalized technology costs was $
204
million and $
194
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Fair Value
Certain assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value and classified within a fair value hierarchy based on inputs used when measuring fair value. We have foreign exchange forward contracts, cross currency and interest rate swaps that are adjusted to fair value on a recurring basis.
Other financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value because of the short-term maturity and highly liquid nature of these instruments.
The fair value of our long-term debt borrowings were $
10.0
billion and
$
10.3
billion
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was estimated based on quoted market prices.
Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets (including other intangible assets)
We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Upon such an occurrence, recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to current forecasts of undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. For long-lived assets held for sale, assets are written down to fair value, less cost to sell. Fair value is determined based on market evidence, discounted cash flows, appraised values or management’s