research, reference data, market data, derived analytics and valuation services covering both the public and private capital markets, delivered through flexible feed-based or API delivery mechanisms.  This also includes issuer solutions for public companies, a range of products for the maritime & trade market, data and insight into Financial Institutions, the telecoms, technology and media space as well as ESG and supply chain data analytics;
•
Enterprise Solutions
—
software and workflow solutions that help our customers manage and analyze data; identify risk; reduce costs; and meet global regulatory requirements. The portfolio includes industry leading financial technology solutions like Wall Street Office, Enterprise Data Manager, Information Mosaic, and iLevel.  Our Global Markets Group offering delivers bookbuilding platforms across multiple assets including municipal bonds, equities and fixed income; and
•
Credit & Risk Solutions
—
commercial arm that sells Ratings' credit ratings and related data and research, advanced analytics, and financial risk solutions which includes subscription-based offerings, RatingsXpress®, RatingsDirect® and Credit Analytics.
Subscription revenue at Market Intelligence is primarily derived from distribution of data, valuation services, analytics, third party research, and credit ratings-related information through both feed and web-based channels. Subscription revenue also includes software and hosted product offerings which provide maintenance and continuous access to our platforms over the contract term.  Recurring variable revenue at Market Intelligence represents revenue from contracts for services that specify a fee based on, among other factors, the number of trades processed, assets under management, or the number of positions  valued. Non-subscription revenue at Market Intelligence is primarily related to certain advisory, pricing conferences and events, and analytical services.
35
The following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the three months ended March 31:
1
2025 includes employee severance charges of $14 million, acquisition-related costs of $7 million, Executive Leadership Team transition costs of $4 million and disposition-related costs of $1 million. 2024 includes employee severance charges of $31 million, IHS Markit merger costs of $11 million and acquisition-related costs of $3 million. 2025 and 2024 also include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $148 million and $140 million, respectively.
Revenue increased 5% primarily due to subscription revenue growth in Data, Analytics & Insights driven by the favorable impact of the acquisition of Visible Alpha in May of 2024, growth in RatingsXpress®, RatingsDirect® and Credit Analytics within Credit & Risk Solutions and growth for work flow solutions in Enterprise Solutions, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the sale of Fincentric in August of 2024. An increase in recurring variable revenue