volatility in our key markets could cause reduced demand for our products, impacting our revenues and margins. Changes in commodity
18
Table of Contents
price references, whether price assessments, benchmarks or the related trading activity in physical commodities and commodities derivatives, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
•
High or increasing interest rates, volatility in financial markets or the interest rate environment, significant political or economic events, and other market and economic factors may impact the supply and demand for new and used vehicles, which impacts our Mobility business.
•
Disruptions in the automotive supply chain impact production in the automotive industry and typically impact our Mobility business.
•
Any weakness in the macroeconomic environment, including due to recession, inflation, high or increasing interest rates and other factors, could constrain customer budgets across the markets we serve, potentially leading to a reduction in their employee headcount and a decrease in demand for our subscription-based products.
•
The foregoing factors generally affect our performance and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Inability to attract, retain or train key qualified personnel or to navigate key management transitions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
The development, maintenance, sale and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, experience and ability of our highly skilled, educated and trained key personnel. Accordingly, our business is dependent on successfully attracting, retaining and training talented employees and navigating key management transitions (including in our executive leadership team) in a highly competitive business environment. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for the same talent. While we offer competitive salary and benefit packages, intense competition for talent within our markets is driving difficulties in attracting and retaining skilled employees. Key management transitions, such as the recent changes to our executive leadership team, involve inherent risk, and such transition periods can be disruptive and may result in a loss of personnel with deep institutional or technical knowledge.  If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to attract, retain or train key qualified personnel or to navigate key management transitions, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services or achieve strategic goals may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Our acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions may not