actual variances when making decisions about allocating personnel and capital to the segments, however, the CODM does not receive the individual expense items underlying the overall segment expenses. Variance explanations include segment expenses including compensation costs, technology costs and strategic investments, but the CODM is otherwise not provided, and cannot easily calculate, lower-level expense information.
3
Other segment items for each reportable segment primarily include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions, (gain) loss on dispositions and certain items primarily including IHS Markit merger costs, employee severance charges and acquisition and disposition-related costs.
4
Corporate Unallocated expense includes costs for corporate functions, select initiatives, unoccupied office space and Kensho, included in selling and general expenses.
114
Table of Contents
The following table presents our revenue disaggregated by revenue type for the years ended December 31:
115
Table of Contents
1
Intersegment eliminations mainly consists of a royalty charged to Market Intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by Ratings.
Segment information for the years ended December 31 is as follows:
Segment information as of December 31 is as follows:
1
Corporate assets consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, investments, goodwill and other intangible assets, assets for pension benefits and deferred income taxes.
116
Table of Contents
We do not have operations in any foreign country that represent more than
7
% of our consolidated revenue. Transfers between geographic areas are recorded at agreed upon prices and intercompany revenue and profit are eliminated. No single customer accounted for more than
10
% of our consolidated revenue.
The following provides revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region:
See Note 2 –
Acquisitions and
Divestitures
and Note 11 –
Restructuring
, for actions that impacted the segment operating results.
13.
Commitments and Contingencies
Leases
We determine whether an arrangement meets the criteria for an operating lease or a finance lease at the inception of the arrangement.  We have operating leases for office space and equipment. Our leases have remaining lease terms of
1
year to
11
years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to
12
years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases early. We sublease certain real estate leases to third parties which mainly consist of operating leases for space within our offices.
Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet; we recognize lease expenses for these leases on a straight line-basis over the lease term in operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses.
Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Our future