or to incorporate AI in our internal operations, or could materially increase our burden and cost of research, development and regulatory compliance.  As discussed in the risk factor entitled “
The markets in which we operate continuously change to adapt to customer needs. Our inability to innovate and compete with new or enhanced products and services of our competitors could impact our profitability,”
competitors are deploying AI in ways that could materially reduce demand for our products and services.  Additionally, we may be unable to protect our data from unintended use or access by third-party AI systems.  For additional risks related to intellectual property rights, see the risk factor entitled “
Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights could impact our competitive position
.”  The development, testing and deployment of AI systems requires continued investment and may materially increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the
12
Table of Contents
computing cost involved in such systems. In addition, the number of approaches to integrating and commercializing AI is currently large, and many of those approaches may fail to gain market acceptance or become obsolete as AI continues to evolve. At this time, we are unable to predict which offerings will ultimately be successful.  Notwithstanding our investments, our products and services may become less marketable or less competitive, or potentially obsolete if either our approach to integrating AI into our products and services fails to gain market acceptance or our approach to protecting our data and intellectual property is ultimately inadequate.  Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Social, ethical and operational issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, in our offerings could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Many of our offerings use new and evolving technologies, such as AI.  These new and evolving technologies often present social and ethical risks and challenges that could affect their adoption, and therefore our business.  For example, the use of AI could lead to harmful consequences such as accuracy issues, unintended biases or discriminatory outputs.  Enabling or offering solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society or failing to properly remediate any social or ethical issues that may arise in our offerings may result in material brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, legal liability or loss of public confidence, or a material reduction to the marketability or competitiveness of our products and services.  For our AI products and services to be competitive in the evolving and continually developing AI landscape, we must apply resources and make investments to secure such competitiveness and to ensure that our AI products and services