feedback, competitor research, and market data to ensure our programs remain competitive.
Our compensation program consists of a mix of:
•
Annual salary where base pay is determined by role, scope, external market rate and internal parity relative to geographic location.  Recognizes level of proficiency and skill exhibited as compared to role requirements.
•
Annual bonus as a cash reward acting as our main pay-for-performance vehicle through annual programs.  Recognizes achievement against individual, team, and group performance.
9
Table of Contents
•
Equity awards for our strategic leaders acknowledging achievements of individual and organizational goals typically in recognition of contributions that positively influence strategic growth, operational alignment, and product innovation.
We also focus on the well-being of our people by offering competitive health and retirement benefits globally, as well as a variety of well-being programs.
Retention and Engagement
In order to attract and retain the high-quality talent needed to execute our long-term strategy, we foster a performance-driven workplace culture that promotes employee engagement, satisfaction and professional development.  We invite employee feedback through a variety of channels for open communication and engagement, including small group employee round-table discussions with our business leaders and members of our Board of Directors and employee engagement surveys.  We also invest in our employees’ professional development by providing a wide array of global training and learning programs to help employees expand their knowledge, skills and experience, including technology training, career coaching and leadership development programs.
Available Information
S&P Global’s investor relations website provides access to Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Proxy Statements, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, earnings releases and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. For online access, go to http://investor.spglobal.com. Requests for printed copies, free of charge, can be e-mailed to investor.relations@spglobal.com or mailed to Investor Relations, S&P Global Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0001. Interested parties can also call Investor Relations toll-free at 866-436-8502 (domestic callers) or 212-438-2192 (international callers). The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
In addition, these filing are available to the public on the Commission’s website through their EDGAR filing system at www.sec.gov.
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
The following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. These risks could materially and adversely