million, acquisition-related costs of $9 million, a lease impairment of $6 million and disposition-related costs of $1 million. 2024 includes IHS Markit merger costs of $36 million, employee severance charges of $35 million, acquisition-related costs of $5 million and recovery of lease-related costs of $1 million. 2025 and 2024 also include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $281 million and $278 million, respectively.
Revenue increased 8% driven by increases at all of our reportable segments. The increase at Ratings was driven by growth in both non-transaction revenue and transaction revenue. Non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in volume related to surveillance, commercial paper, and medium-term notes. Transaction revenue increased primarily due to structured finance revenue driven by increased collateralized loan obligations, bank loan ratings revenue due to higher M&A activity, and U.S. Public Finance revenue due to an increase in issuance volumes. The increase at Market Intelligence was primarily due to subscription revenue growth in Data, Analytics & Insights driven by the favorable impact of the acquisition of Visible Alpha in May of 2024, growth in RatingsXpress®, RatingsDirect® and Credit Analytics within Credit & Risk Solutions and growth for work flow solutions in Enterprise Solutions, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the sale of Fincentric in August of 2024. The increase at Indices was primarily due to higher asset-linked fees revenue, higher exchange-traded derivative revenue and higher data subscription revenue. The increase at Commodity Insights was primarily due to continued demand for market data and market insights products driven by expanded product offerings to our existing customers under enterprise use contracts and an increase in conference revenue driven by increased attendance at CERAWeek in 2025. The increase at Mobility was primarily due to growth within the Dealer and Financial businesses driven by continued new business growth within the Dealer business and strong underwriting volumes and market share growth within the Financial business. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 14%. Excluding the impact of IHS Markit merger costs in 2024 of 11 percentage points, partially offset by Executive Leadership Team transition costs in 2025 of 4 percentage points, a lease impairment in 2025 of 2 percentage points and higher acquisition-related costs in 2025 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 10%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and additional headcount, and investments in strategic initiatives. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
Our Strategy
We are a provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity and automotive