contract or due to assertions that self-regulatory obligations or industry standards apply to our practices.
Future legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes, especially abrupt changes, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Future legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes, such as financial services regulatory reform, energy or commodity-specific regulation, including oil, regulations related to pricing providers, credit rating data, data privacy, operational resilience and cybersecurity, tax regulations, AI, ESG (including matters of diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”)), government-sponsored enterprise reform and increased infrastructure spending and significant changes in trade policy (including sanctions and tariffs), could impact our business. There are currently a number of laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate around the world that have recently been adopted but not yet implemented or have been proposed or are being considered to which we or our clients will or may become subject, but at this time their impact on our business and results of operations remains uncertain. Changes in legislation, regulation or policy increase the likelihood that we will fail to appropriately adapt to changes in our compliance obligations, particularly when such changes happen abruptly, such as following a change in government. Any of the foregoing changes could increase our litigation and regulatory exposure, directly impact our results of operations and cash flows, adversely affect our ability to provide our products and services, or adversely impact the demand for our products and services. Such changes may also impact our business by creating increased volatility and uncertainty in the markets in which we operate. At this time, we cannot predict the scope or nature of these changes or assess what the overall effect of such potential changes could be on our results of operations or cash flows.
Increasing regulation of our Ratings business in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere can increase our costs of doing business and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
•
The financial services industry is highly regulated, rapidly evolving and subject to the potential for increasing regulation in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere. The businesses conducted by Ratings are regulated under the laws of various jurisdictions around the world, including the U.S. Credit Rating Agency Reform Act of 2006, the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the EU’s credit rating agency regulation, and the U.K.’s credit rating agency regulation.
•
The U.S. Congress, the International Organization of Securities Commissions ("IOSCO"), the SEC, the European Commission, including through the European Securities Market Authority (“ESMA”) and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”),