primarily due to higher levels of assets under management for ETFs and mutual funds and higher over-the-counter derivatives revenue. The increase in sales-usage based royalties was driven by higher exchange-traded derivative revenue at Indices and the licensing of our proprietary market data to commodity exchanges at Commodity Insights. Recurring variable revenue at Market Intelligence increased due to increased volumes. Revenue at Market Intelligence was favorably impacted by the acquisition of Visible Alpha in May of 2024 and unfavorably impacted by the divestitures of Fincentric and the PrimeOne business in August of 2024 and November of 2024, respectively. Revenue at Commodity Insights was favorably impacted by the acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders in May of 2024. Revenue at Mobility was favorably impacted by the acquisition of Market Scan in February of 2023. See “Segment Review” below for further information.
The favorable impact of foreign exchange rates increased revenue by less than 1 percentage point. This impact refers to constant currency comparisons estimated by recalculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year.
2023
Revenue increased 12% as compared to 2022. Subscription revenue increased in 2023 primarily due to the impact of the merger with IHS Markit. Subscription revenue growth in Desktop products, Credit & Risk Solutions and Data & Advisory Solutions at Market Intelligence, continued demand for Commodity Insights market data and market insights products and higher data subscription revenue at Indices, partially offset by a decrease at Engineering Solutions due to its sale on May 2, 2023. Non-subscription / transaction revenue increased due to the impact of the merger with IHS Markit, growth in corporate bond ratings revenue and bank loan ratings revenue due to higher refinancing activity at Ratings and an increase in conference revenue at Commodity Insights, partially offset by a decrease at Engineering Solutions due to its sale on May 2, 2023. Non-transaction revenue increased due to an increase in surveillance revenue and an increase in revenue at our Crisil subsidiary, partially offset by a decrease in new entity credit ratings revenue. Asset linked fees remained relatively unchanged at Indices due to higher average levels of assets under management for ETFs, offset by product mix. The increase in sales-usage based royalties was primarily driven by higher exchange-traded derivative revenue at Indices and an increase in sales usage-based royalties from the licensing of our proprietary market data to commodity exchanges at Commodity Insights. Recurring variable revenue at Market Intelligence increased due to the impact of the merger with IHS Markit and fixed income new issuance volumes. See “Segment Review” below for further information.
The unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by less than 1 percentage point. This impact refers to constant