and other risks inherent in our Mobility business, see Item 1A,
Risk Factors
in this Form 10-Q and our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a further discussion of the legal and regulatory matters see Note 12 –
Commitments and Contingencies
to the consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q.
Indices
Indices is a global index provider maintaining a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers and institutional investors. Indices’ mission is to provide transparent benchmarks to help with decision making, collaborate with the financial community to create innovative products, and provide investors with tools to monitor world markets.
Indices derives revenue from asset-linked fees when investors direct funds into its proprietary designed or owned indexes, sales usage-based royalties of its indices, as well as data subscription arrangements. Specifically, Indices generates revenue from the following sources:
•
Investment vehicles
—
asset-linked fees such as ETFs and mutual funds, that are based on the S&P Dow Jones Indices’ benchmarks that generate revenue through fees based on assets and underlying funds;
•
Exchange traded derivatives
—
generate sales usage-based royalties based on trading volumes of derivatives contracts listed on various exchanges;
•
Index-related licensing fees
—
fixed or variable annual and per-issue asset-linked fees for over-the-counter derivatives and retail-structured products; and
•
Data and customized index subscription fees
—
fees from supporting index fund management, portfolio analytics and research.
41
The following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the three months ended March 31:
1
2024 includes IHS Markit merger costs of $1 million and employee severance charges of $1 million. 2025 and 2024 also include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $9 million.
Revenue at Indices increased 15% primarily due to an increase in asset linked fees revenue driven by higher levels of assets under management (“AUM”) for ETFs and mutual funds, higher exchange-traded derivative revenue driven by continued strength in trading volume and higher data subscription revenue. Ending AUM for ETFs increased 18% to $4.304 trillion compared to March 31, 2024 and average levels of AUM for ETFs increased 30% to $4.462 trillion compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 16%. Excluding the impact of IHS Markit merger costs in 2024 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 15% due to revenue growth partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases, an increase in bad debt expense and an increase in strategic investments. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
For a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our Indices business, see Item