charges in 2023 of 19 percentage points, a liability write-off in 2024 of 4 percentage points and higher acquisition-related costs in 2023 of 4 percentage points, partially offset by higher amortization of intangibles in 2024 of 8 percentage points and higher IHS Markit merger costs in 2024 of 8 percentage points, operating profit increased 9% driven by revenue growth, partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases, higher incentives, an increase in strategic investments and expenses associated with the acquisition of Market Scan. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
2023
Revenue increased 30% primarily due to the impact of the merger with IHS Markit, price increases and new business growth within the Dealer business as well as the favorable impact of the acquisition of Market Scan in February of 2023. Increases within the Financial business due to strong underwriting volumes and the Manufacturing business due to strong recall activity and uptick in marketing solutions also contributed to revenue growth. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 22%. Excluding the impact of higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2023 of 5 percentage points, an acquisition-related benefit in 2022 of 1 percentage point and higher employee severance charges in 2023 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 29% driven by revenue growth, partially offset by the impact of the merger with IHS Markit, higher compensation costs, increased incentives, higher technology costs and expenses associated with the acquisition of Market Scan. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 2 percentage points.
56
Table of Contents
Industry Highlights and Outlook
In 2024, Mobility delivered revenue growth within the Dealer and Financial businesses. The Manufacturing business was unfavorably impacted by lower non-subscription revenue primarily due to weakness in recall activity.
Mobility continues to focus on multiple growth opportunities including: evolving our forecasting business to encompass new technologies and new forms of mobility; the transformation to hybrid electric vehicles and digital retail; enabling consumers to shop, buy, service and sell used cars; and, leveraging the power of S&P Global to develop products for financial markets and the industry’s transition towards sustainable mobility.
Legal and Regulatory Environment
Certain types of information that our Mobility business collects, compiles, stores, uses, transfers, publishes and/or sells is subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which it operates. There is an increasing public concern regarding, and resulting regulations of, privacy, data, and consumer protection issues. Certain laws and regulations to which our Mobility business is subject pertain to personally identifiable information relating to individuals. Such laws and