Factors
, in our most recent Form 10-K, and the additional risk factor below.
The planned separation of our Mobility business into an independent, publicly traded company is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline, or at all, and may not achieve the intended benefits.
On April 29, 2025, we announced our intent to pursue a separation of our Mobility business through a spin-off to our shareholders. The proposed separation is subject to various conditions, is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments. The separation is intended to qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the separation or that such separation will be completed. Unanticipated developments could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the separation, including but not limited to disruptions in general or financial market conditions or potential problems or delays in satisfying required conditions. Such developments could cause the separation to occur on terms or conditions that are less favorable than anticipated. In addition, we may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that we anticipate to result from the separation, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The anticipated benefits of the separation are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect. We also expect to incur significant expenses in connection with the separation, certain of which will be incurred even if the separation is not completed. Executing the separation will require significant resources, time and attention from our senior management and employees, which could divert attention and resources away from other projects and the day-to-day operation of our business. We may experience negative reactions from financial markets if we do not complete the separation in a reasonable time period. Following the proposed separation, the combined value of the shares of the two publicly-traded companies may not be equal to or greater than what the value of our shares would have been had the separation not occurred. The above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our shares.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
On June 22, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the purchase of 30 million shares (the “2022 Repurchase Program”), which was approximately 9% of the total shares of our outstanding common stock at that time. During the first quarter of 2025, we received 1.3 millions shares, which included 0.3 million shares received from our accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) agreement that we entered into on October 28, 2024. Further discussion relating to our ASR agreements can be found in Note 8 -
Equity
. As of March 31,