mitigation operations and incorporates CME’s optimization businesses (Traiana, TriOptima, and Reset) and the Company’s MarkitSERV business.  The combination is intended to increase operating efficiencies of both businesses to more effectively service clients with enhanced platforms and services for OTC markets across interest rate, FX, equity, and credit  asset classes.  Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries includes the OSTTRA joint venture. Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries was $11 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to $6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
On April 14, 2025, the Company and CME Group entered into an agreement to sell OSTTRA to investment funds managed by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. (“KKR”), a leading global investment firm. The terms of the deal for OSTTRA equaled total enterprise value at $3.1 billion, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, which will be divided evenly between the Company and CME Group pursuant to the 50/50 joint venture. We currently anticipate the sale to result in a pre-tax gain of $220 million ($140 million after-tax) for the Company, including the impact of accumulated other comprehensive income related to our investment. The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of required regulatory approvals.
Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on operating profit of 1 percentage point. This impact refers to currency comparisons and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. Currency impacts are estimated by re-calculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year. Remeasurement impacts are based on the variance between current-year and prior-year foreign exchange rate fluctuations on assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the individual business’s functional currency.
Other Expense (Income), net
Other expense (income), net includes gains and losses on our mark-to-market investments and the net periodic benefit cost for our retirement and post retirement plans. Other expense, net was $4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to other income, net of $9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 primarily due to losses on our mark-to-market investments in 2025 compared to gains in 2024.
Interest Expense, net
Interest expense, net remained unchanged compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024 primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to uncertain tax liabilities offset by higher interest income from invested cash due to a more favorable interest rate environment combined with a benefit from our net investment hedge program.
Provision for Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate was 21.7% and 18.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The higher rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was