incentive intelligence, including Automotive Payments as a Service
TM
and its powerful payment calculation engine. The addition of Market Scan to Mobility enabled the integration of detailed transaction intelligence in areas that are complementary to existing services for dealers, OEMs, lenders, and other market participants. The acquisition of Market Scan is not material to our consolidated financial statements.
•
On January 3, 2023, we completed the acquisition of ChartIQ, a premier charting provider for the financial services industry. ChartIQ is a professional grade charting solution that allows users to visualize data with a fully interactive web-based library that works seamlessly across web, mobile and desktop. It provides advanced capabilities including trade visualization, options analytics, technical analysis and more. Additionally, ChartIQ allows clients to visualize vendor-supplied data combined with their own proprietary content, alternative datasets or analytics. The acquisition is part of our Market Intelligence segment and further enhances our S&P Capital IQ Pro platform and other workflow solutions to provide the industry with leading visualization capabilities. The acquisition of ChartIQ is not material to our consolidated financial statements.
•
On January 4, 2023, we completed the acquisition of TruSight Solutions LLC (“TruSight”) a provider of third-party vendor risk assessments. The acquisition was integrated into our Market Intelligence segment and further expanded the breadth and depth of S&P Global’s third party vendor risk management solutions by offering high-quality validated assessment data to clients designed to reduce further the vendor due diligence burden on service providers to the financial services industry. The acquisition of TruSight is not material to our consolidated financial statements.
87
Table of Contents
None of our acquisitions completed during 2023 were material individually or in the aggregate, including the pro forma impact on earnings. For acquisitions during 2023 that were accounted for using the purchase method, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired is allocated to goodwill and other intangibles. The goodwill recognized on our acquisitions is largely attributable to anticipated operational synergies and growth opportunities as a result of the acquisition. The intangible assets, excluding goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, are being amortized over their anticipated use
ful
lives of
5
-
7
years.
2022
On December 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of the Shades of Green business from the Center for International Climate Research (“CICERO”), Norway
’
s foremost institute for interdisciplinary climate research. The acquisition was integrated into S&P Global Ratings and further expanded the breadth and depth of its second party opinions (SPOs) offering. SPOs are independent assessments of a company's financing or framework's alignment with market