appropriate. The CISO and the Chief Digital Solutions Officer provide regular updates to the
Board
and the Audit Committee concerning the Company’s technology and cybersecurity programs, associated risks and the Company’s efforts to help mitigate those risks.
Item 2.
Properties
Our corporate headquarters are located in leased premises located at 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041. We lease office facilities at 147 locations; 37 are in the U.S. In addition, we own real property at 6 locations, of which 2 are in the U.S. Our properties consist primarily of office space used by each of our segments. We believe that all of our facilities are well maintained and are suitable and adequate for our current needs.
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
For information on our legal proceedings, see Note 13 –
Commitments and Contingencies
under Item 8,
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
For the disclosure of environmental proceedings with a governmental entity as a party pursuant to Item 103(c)(3)(iii) of Regulation S-K, we have elected to disclose matters where we reasonably believe such proceeding would result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, of $1.0 million or more.
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
26
Table of Contents
Information about our Executive Officers
The following individuals are the executive officers of the Company:
Mr. Aboaf
will begin serving as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer on February 19, 2025.  Mr. Aboaf is joining S&P Global from State Street Corporation, where he has served as Chief Financial Officer since 2016 and as Vice Chairman since 2022.
Ms. Cheung
, prior to becoming President and Chief Executive Officer on November 1, 2024, was President, S&P Global Ratings since February 28, 2022, was President, S&P Global Market Intelligence since January 2, 2019, was Head of Risk Services for S&P Global Market Intelligence since September 2015, was Chief Strategy Officer for S&P Global since March 2014, and was Vice President of Operations for S&P Global Ratings since joining the Company in 2010.
Mr. Craig
has served as Interim Chief Financial Officer since February 12, 2024 and he will continue serving in this role until Mr. Aboaf assumes the role.  Mr. Craig currently also serves as Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to becoming the Company's Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer on September 7, 2018, Mr. Craig served as Vice President, Assistant Controller of the Company, and prior to that as Senior Director, Technical Accounting and Policy. Mr. Craig joined the Company in 2010.
Mr. Draper
, prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer at S&P Dow Jones Indices on June 15, 2020, served as Managing Director & Global Head of Exchange Traded Funds at Invesco Distributors Inc. since June 2013.
Mr. Eramo
, prior to becoming co-President of S&P Global Commodity Insights on November 1,