second quarter of 2025 and continue through the third quarter of 2038, with lease terms ranging from
6
years to
12
years.
24
Related Party Agreements
In June of 2012, we entered into a license agreement (the “License Agreement") with the holder of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC noncontrolling interest, CME Group, replacing the 2005 license agreement between Indices and CME Group. Under the terms of the License Agreement, S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC receives a share of the profits from the trading and clearing of CME Group's equity index products. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC earned $
52
million and $
48
million of revenue under the terms of the License Agreement. The entire amount of this revenue is included in our consolidated statement of income and the portion related to the
27
% noncontrolling interest is removed in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
Legal and Regulatory Matters
In the normal course of business both in the United States and abroad, the Company and its subsidiaries are defendants in a number of legal proceedings and are often subjected to government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries.
A class action lawsuit was filed in Australia on August 7, 2020 against the Company and a subsidiary of the Company. A separate lawsuit was filed against the Company and a subsidiary of the Company in Australia on February 2, 2021 by
two
entities within the Basis Capital investment group. The lawsuits both relate to alleged investment losses in collateralized debt obligations rated by Ratings prior to the financial crisis.  We can provide no assurance that we will not be obligated to pay significant amounts in order to resolve these matters on terms deemed acceptable.
From time to time, the Company receives customer complaints.  The Company believes it has strong contractual protections in the terms and conditions included in its arrangements with customers.  Nonetheless, in the interest of managing customer relationships, the Company from time to time engages in dialogue with such customers in an effort to resolve such complaints, and if such complaints cannot be resolved through dialogue, may face litigation regarding such complaints.  The Company does not expect to incur material losses as a result of these matters.
Moreover, various government and self-regulatory agencies frequently make inquiries and conduct investigations into our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including those related to our regulated products and services, antitrust matters and other matters, such as ESG. For example, as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization registered with the SEC under Section 15E of the Exchange Act, S&P Global Ratings is in ongoing communication with the staff of the SEC regarding compliance with its extensive obligations under the federal securities laws. Although S&P Global seeks to promptly address any compliance issues that it