the date of our Form 10-K, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates.
Restricted Cash
We had restricted cash of less than $1 million included in our consolidated balance sheets
as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Contract Assets
Contract assets include unbilled amounts from when the Company transfers service to a customer before a customer pays consideration or before payment is due. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, contract assets were $
75
million and $
69
million, respectively, and are included in accounts receivable in our consolidated balance sheets.
9
Unearned Revenue
We record unearned revenue when cash payments are received in advance of our performance. The increase in the unearned revenue balance at March 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024 is primarily driven by cash payments received in advance of satisfying our performance obligations, offset by $
1.5
billion of revenues recognized that were included in the unearned revenue balance at the beginning of the period.
Remaining Performance Obligations
Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of contracts for work that has not yet been performed. As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was $
4.9
billion. We expect to recognize revenue on approximately
sixty
percent and
eighty-five
percent of the remaining performance obligations over the next
12
and
24
months, respectively, with the remainder recognized thereafter.
We do not disclose the value of unfulfilled performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts where revenue is a usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a license of intellectual property.
Costs to Obtain Contracts
We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year. We have determined that the costs associated with certain sales commission programs are incremental to the costs to obtain contracts with customers and therefore meet the criteria to be capitalized. Total capitalized costs to obtain contracts were $
296
million and $
291
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and are included in prepaid and other current assets and other non-current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. The capitalized asset will be amortized over a period consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates, calculated based on the customer term and the average life of the products and services underlying the contracts which has been determined to be approximately
5
years. The expense is recorded within selling and general expenses.
We expense sales commissions when incurred if the benefit of those costs is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling and general expenses.
Equity