corporate bond ratings revenue and bank loan ratings revenue driven by increased issuance volumes due to higher refinancing activity. An increase in structured finance revenue driven by increased collateralized loan obligations (“CLOs”) issuance also contributed to transaction revenue growth. Non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in surveillance revenue and an increase in new entity credit ratings revenue. Transaction and non-transaction revenue also benefited from improved contract terms across product categories.
Operating profit increased 45%. Excluding the impact of legal settlement costs in 2024 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 46% due to revenue growth, partially offset by increased incentives as a result of financial performance and higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and additional headcount. Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of 1 percentage point.
2023
Revenue increased 9%, with a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of less than 1 percentage point. Transaction revenue increased due to growth in corporate bond ratings revenue primarily driven by increased high-yield and investment-grade issuance volumes due to higher refinancing activity. An increase in bank loan ratings revenue driven by increased
49
Table of Contents
issuance volumes due to higher refinancing activity also contributed to transaction revenue growth. Non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in surveillance revenue and an increase in revenue at our Crisil subsidiary, partially offset by a decrease in new entity credit ratings revenue. Transaction and non-transaction revenue also benefited from improved contract terms across product categories.
Operating profit increased 11%. Excluding the impact of higher employee severance costs in 2022 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 10% due to revenue growth, partially offset by higher current-year compensation costs and prior-year write-downs in incentive compensation as result of financial performance.
Billed Issuance Volumes
We monitor billed issuance volumes regularly within Ratings. Billed issuance excludes items that do not impact transaction revenue, such as issuance from frequent issuer programs, unrated debt, and most international public finance to more effectively correlate issuance activity to movements in transaction revenue.
The following table provides billed issuance levels based on Ratings’ internal data feeds for the years ended December 31:
Note - Totals presented may not sum due to rounding.
*
Includes Corporates, Financial Services and Infrastructure.
**
Includes Bank Loans, Structured Finance and Government.
Billed issuance was up in 2024 as continued favorable market conditions drove issuers to capitalize on tightening borrowing spreads. Refinancing continued to drive high-yield, while M&A and other non-refinancing activity also drove billed issuance increases in investment grade and bank