management framework, including technology and cybersecurity risks facing the Company.
Our Board, and Nominating and Audit Committees, gave significant consideration over the past several years to the appropriate Board and Committee oversight structure for risks associated with technology and cybersecurity. The full Board receives briefings from management on enterprise-wide technology, cybersecurity risk management and the overall technology and cybersecurity environment by management. Specifically, the full Board receives biannual reports from the Chief Digital Solutions Officer and the CISO.
25
Table of Contents
The Board coordinates with the Audit Committee and Finance Committee to ensure active Board- and Committee-level oversight of the Company’s technology and cyber risk profile, enterprise technology and cyber strategies, and information security initiatives. In addition, the Board has delegated primary responsibility for oversight of the Company’s key risks, including cybersecurity, to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews technology and cybersecurity risks, as well as the Company’s risk mitigation processes and internal control procedures to protect sensitive business information. The Audit Committee also receives regular updates from the Chief Digital Solutions Officer and the CISO on the Company’s technology and cybersecurity programs. In addition, the Finance Committee oversees management’s strategy with regard to technology and associated risks, including cybersecurity risks, when considering major capital expenditures and acquisitions. The Board also receives regular updates from the Audit Committee and Finance Committee on their in-depth Committee-level reviews.
Role of Management
In addition to the risk management activities undertaken by the ERM Committee, our corporate information security organization, led by our
CISO
, is responsible for our overall information security strategy, policy, security engineering, operations and cyber threat detection and response.
The current CISO has more than 27 years of technology industry leadership, cybersecurity expertise and engineering and operations experience.
The corporate information security organization manages and continually enhances the Company’s enterprise security structure with the goal of preventing cybersecurity incidents to the extent feasible, while simultaneously increasing our system resilience to minimize the business impact should an incident occur.
Central to this organization is our cyber incident response team, which is responsible for the Company’s protection, detection and response capabilities.
In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the Company is equipped with an incident response plan that includes: (i) detection and analysis, (ii) containment and eradication, and (iii) remediation and (iv) preparation for future incidents. Incident responses are led by our Information Security team and supported by Legal, Compliance and other functions as