primarily due to change in mix of income by jurisdiction. The lower rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was primarily due to a combination of discrete adjustments.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) introduced an international tax framework under Pillar Two which includes a global minimum tax of 15%. This framework has been implemented by several jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, with effect from January 1, 2024, and many other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, are in the process of implementing it. The effect of enacted Pillar Two taxes has been included in the results disclosed and did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. The Company continues to monitor jurisdictions that are expected to implement Pillar Two in the future, and it is in the process of evaluating the potential impact of the enactment of Pillar Two by such jurisdictions on its consolidated financial statements.
Segment Review
Market Intelligence
Market Intelligence is a global provider of multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions. Market Intelligence's portfolio of capabilities are designed to help trading and investment professionals, government agencies, corporations and universities track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuations and manage credit risk.
34
On April 24, 2025, we entered into an agreement to acquire the Automatic Identification System (AIS) data services business of ORBCOMM Inc. The AIS business is a leading provider of satellite data services used to track and monitor vessels, enhancing maritime visibility and delivering critical insights that support business intelligence and decision-making for government and commercial clients worldwide. The AIS business is expected to be integrated within our Market Intelligence segment. We also expect to enter into a strategic alliance with ORBCOMM. Under this strategic alliance, the two organizations expect to develop a range of differentiated supply chain data and insight offerings and we will make an equity investment in ORBCOMM, underscoring our commitment to further investing in this sector while helping customers navigate the complex supply chain environment. The proposed acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of certain regulatory approvals and is expected to close during 2025. The proposed acquisition is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
Market Intelligence includes the following business lines:
•
Data, Analytics & Insights
—
a desktop product suite that provides data, analytics and third-party research for global finance and corporate professionals, which includes the Capital IQ platforms (which are inclusive of S&P Capital IQ Pro, Capital IQ, Office and Mobile products) and a broad range of