liabilities. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we have entered into foreign exchange forward contracts in order to mitigate the change in fair value of specific assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. These forward contracts are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we have entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge the effect of adverse fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we held cross-currency swap contracts to hedge a portion of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries against volatility in foreign exchange rates. As of December 31, 2023, we held positions in a series of interest rate swaps to mitigate or hedge the adverse fluctuations in interest rates. We have not entered into any derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. See Note 6 –
Derivative Instruments
to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.
69
Table of Contents
Item 8.
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
TABLE OF CONTENTS
70
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of S&P Global Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of S&P Global Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 11, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws