royalties of its indices, as well as data subscription arrangements. Specifically, Indices generates revenue from the following sources:
•
Investment vehicles
—
asset-linked fees such as ETFs and mutual funds, that are based on the S&P Dow Jones Indices’ benchmarks that generate revenue through fees based on assets and underlying funds;
•
Exchange traded derivatives
—
generate sales usage-based royalties based on trading volumes of derivatives contracts listed on various exchanges;
•
Index-related licensing fees
—
fixed or variable annual and per-issue asset-linked fees for over-the-counter derivatives and retail-structured products; and
•
Data and customized index subscription fees
—
fees from supporting index fund management, portfolio analytics and research.
8
Table of Contents
Engineering Solutions
As of May 2, 2023, we completed the sale of Engineering Solutions, a provider of engineering standards and related technical knowledge, and the results are included through that date.
Segment and Geographic Data
The relative contribution of our reportable segments to operating revenue, expenses, operating profit, long-lived assets and geographic area for the three years ended December 31, 2024 are included in Note 12 –
Segment and Geographic Information
to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8,
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Human Capital
As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 42,350 permanent employees located worldwide, including around 24,450 in Asia, 11,200 in the U.S. and Canada, 5,700 in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, and 1,000 in Latin America.
The health, safety and well-being of our people working around the globe is a corporate priority, and our facilities worldwide follow internally and externally audited occupational health and safety policies.
Board Oversight & Management Implementation of Human Capital Strategy
Our Board of Directors and Company management view effective human capital management as critical to the Company’s ability to execute its strategy. As a result, the Board of Directors and the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee oversee and regularly engage with our CEO, Chief People Officer, and other members of senior leadership on a broad range of people topics, including talent attraction, development and leadership succession planning; compensation and benefits; workplace culture, health, safety and well-being; and employee engagement and retention.
At the management level, our Chief People Officer is responsible for leading the development and execution of the Company’s human capital management strategy, also referred to as our “People” strategy, working together with other senior leaders across the Company.
Competitive Compensation Programs
Offering market competitive and performance-driven compensation is key to our recruitment, talent management and retention strategies. As a result, management regularly assesses employee