Intelligence in 2024 with the introduction of several new products and product features leveraging technology investments.
Legal and Regulatory Environment
The market for data, analytical capabilities and research services is intensely competitive, ranging from established firms to fast evolving market disruptors. Market Intelligence competes domestically and internationally based on a number of factors, including the quality and range of its data, analytical capabilities, research services, client service, reputation, price, geographic scope, and technological innovation.
Market Intelligence is subject to global regulation, particularly in the European Union, the U.K., the U.S. and increasingly so in other jurisdictions.  Several laws and regulations in the European Union, the U.K. and the U.S. have been adopted but not yet implemented, or have been proposed or are being considered, to which Market Intelligence, or its clients, will or may become subject, including laws and regulations related to pricing providers, sustainability, credit rating data, data privacy and cyber security and technology and organizational resilience.  For example, the EU passed the Digital Operational Resilience Act in December 2022 (“DORA”), which became effective January 17, 2025. DORA imposes operational resilience and cyber security standards and obligations, including technical and organizational standards and responsibilities which require technology and/or organizational investment, upon (i) many Market Intelligence financial market clients, who aim to pass such obligations onto vendors like Market Intelligence, and (ii) information and communications technology providers designated by the EU as “Critical Third Party Providers,” which in certain instances includes Market Intelligence.  The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority has published a consultation on establishing a UK Operational Resilience Framework, which if adopted may impact our Market Intelligence financial market clients who may look to pass such obligations onto vendors like Market Intelligence.  In addition, from time to time, government and self-regulatory agencies in jurisdictions where we operate conduct market studies on our markets, which may result in the imposition of remedies that impact our business.
At this time, the exact impact on Market Intelligence of any such recently adopted or proposed laws or regulations, or market studies, remains uncertain, but they could increase the regulatory exposure of Market Intelligence and are anticipated to increase the costs and legal risks relating to certain of Market Intelligence’s activities. Furthermore such laws and regulations may adversely affect the ability of Market Intelligence to provide its products and services, or result in changes in the demand for its products and services. If Market Intelligence fails to comply with any such laws or regulations, it could be subject to significant litigation, civil or criminal penalties, monetary damages,