shareholder who requests them. Requests for printed copies may be e-mailed to corporate.secretary@spglobal.com or mailed to the Corporate Secretary, S&P Global Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0001.
Information about the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors can be found in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Board of Directors and Corporate Governance-Committees of the Board of Directors-Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee” and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information concerning the composition of the Audit Committee and our Audit Committee financial experts is contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Board of Directors and Corporate Governance-Committees of the Board of Directors-Audit Committee” and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information about our
insider trading policies
governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and employees will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption "Ownership of Company Stock-Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and is incorporated herein by reference.
122
Table of Contents
New York Stock Exchange Certification
Promptly following the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, we intend to file with the NYSE the CEO certification regarding our compliance with the NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards as required by NYSE Rule 303A.12. Last year, we filed this CEO certification with the NYSE on May 20, 2024.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Information about director and executive officer compensation that is required by this Item 11, Compensation Committee interlocks and the Compensation Committee Report will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions  “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Executive Compensation Tables,” “Director Compensation,” and “Board of Directors and Corporate Governance-Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Set forth below is information with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans:
The following table details information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2024:
1
Includes shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and director deferred phantom stock units under our equity compensation plans. The number of performance stock unit awards is based on the target number of units granted.
2
Restricted stock units, performance stock units and director deferred phantom stock units do not have an exercise price and