regulatory environment in our Ratings business, see Note 13 –
Commitments and Contingencies
to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8,
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Commodity Insights
Commodity Insights is a leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodity and energy markets. Commodity Insights provides essential price data, analytics, industry insights and software & services, enabling the commodity and energy markets to perform with greater transparency and efficiency.
On May 14, 2024, we completed the acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders, a globally-recognized portfolio of hydrogen-related conferences and events, digital training and market intelligence. The acquisition is part of our Commodity Insight’s segment and complements Commodity Insights global conference business and provides customers with full coverage of the hydrogen and derivative value chain alongside Energy Transition and Sustainability solutions, including hydrogen price assessments, emission factors and market research. The acquisition of World Hydrogen Leaders is not material to our consolidated financial statements.
Commodity Insights includes the following business lines:
•
Energy & Resources Data & Insights — includes data, news, insights, and analytics for petroleum, gas, power & renewables, petrochemicals, metals & steel, agriculture, and other commodities;
•
Price Assessments — includes price assessments and benchmarks, and forward curves;
•
Upstream Data & Insights — includes exploration & production data and insights, software and analytics; and
•
Advisory & Transactional Services — includes consulting services, conferences, events and global trading services.
Commodity Insights’ revenue is generated primarily through the following sources:
•
Subscription revenue
—
primarily from subscriptions to our market data and market insights (price assessments, market reports and commentary and analytics) along with other information products and software term licenses;
•
Sales usage-based royalties
—
primarily from licensing our proprietary market price data and price assessments to commodity exchanges; and
•
Non-subscription revenue
—
conference sponsorship, consulting engagements, events, and perpetual software licenses.
See Note 2 -
Acquisitions and Divestitures
to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion including information on the merger with IHS Markit.
52
Table of Contents
The following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended December 31:
1
2024 include
s IHS Markit merger costs of $14 million, employee severance charges of $13 million, asset write-offs of $1 million and disposition-related costs of $1 million. 2023
include
s IHS Markit merger costs of $35 million, employee severance