could be affected by future economic and market conditions. Any adjustments to the redemption value will impact retained income.
See Note 9 –
Equity
for further detail.
Contingencies
We accrue for loss contingencies when both (a) information available prior to issuance of the consolidated financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (b) the amount of loss can reasonably be estimated. We continually assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies, as well as potential amounts or ranges of probable losses, and recognize a liability, if any, for these contingencies based on an analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. Because many of these matters are resolved over long periods of time, our estimate of liabilities may change due to new developments, changes in assumptions or changes in our strategy related to the matter. When we accrue for loss contingencies and the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range, we record our best estimate within the range. We disclose an estimated possible loss or a range of loss when it is at least reasonably possible that a loss may be incurred.
Recent Accounting Standards
In November of 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued accounting guidance which requires that an entity disclose, in the notes to financial statements, additional information about specific expense categories. The amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on the Company’s disclosures.
In December of 2023, the FASB issued accounting guidance that expands disclosures in an entity’s income tax rate reconciliation table and regarding cash taxes paid both in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted, and should be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on the Company’s disclosures.
In November of 2023, the FASB issued accounting guidance that expands reportable segment disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance and the amendments have been applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. As a result of the adoption of this guidance, we enhanced our disclosures about significant expenses regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and included in the segment’s measure of profit or loss