resigned from the Company and did not receive severance or were reassigned due to circumstances not foreseen when the original plans were initiated. In these cases, we reverse reserves through the consolidated statements of income during the period when it is determined they are no longer needed.
The initial restructuring charge recorded and the ending reserve balance as of March 31, 2025 by segment is as follows:
19
We recorded a pre-tax restructuring charge of $
33
million primarily related to employee severance charges for the 2025 restructuring plan during the three months ended March 31, 2025. The ending reserve balance for the 2024 restructuring plan was $
88
million as of December 31, 2024. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, we have reduced the reserve for the 2024 restructuring plan by $
33
million. The reductions primarily related to cash payments for employee severance charges.
11.
Segment and Related Information
We have
five
reportable segments: Market Intelligence, Ratings, Commodity Insights, Mobility and Indices.
Our Chief Executive Officer is our chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) and evaluates performance of our segments and allocates resources (including employees, property, and financial or capital resources) based primarily on operating profit for each segment. Segment operating profit does not include Corporate Unallocated expense, equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries, other expense (income), net, or interest expense, net, as these are amounts that do not affect the operating results of our reportable segments.
Operating results for the three months ended March 31 is as follows:
20
1
Intersegment revenue primarily relates to a royalty charged to Market Intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by Ratings.
2
The segment expense category for Market Intelligence, Ratings, Commodity Insights, Mobility and Indices for
2025
and
2024
primarily include an aggregation of compensation costs, technology costs and strategic investments. The CODM considers actual-to-actual and budget-to-actual variances when making decisions about allocating personnel and capital to the segments; however, the CODM does not receive the individual expense items underlying the overall segment expenses. Variance explanations include segment expenses including compensation costs, technology costs and strategic investments, but the CODM is otherwise not provided, and cannot easily calculate, lower-level expense information.
3
In 2025, other segment items for each reportable segment primarily include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions and certain items primarily including employee severance charges, Executive Leadership Team transition costs and acquisition and disposition-related costs. In 2024, other segment items for each reportable segment primarily include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions and certain items primarily including IHS Markit merger costs, employee severance charges