and 2023 restructuring plans consisted of company-wide workforce reductions of approximately
1,230
and
1,050
positions, respectively, and are further detailed below. The charges for each restructuring plan are classified as
selling and general expenses
within the consolidated statements of income and the reserves are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
In certain circumstances, reserves are no longer needed because employees previously identified for separation resigned from the Company and did not receive severance or were reassigned due to circumstances not foreseen when the original plans were initiated. In these cases, we reverse reserves through the consolidated statements of income during the period when it is determined they are no longer needed.
The initial restructuring charge recorded and the ending reserve balance as of December 31, 2024 by segment is as follows:
For the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a pre-tax restructuring charge of $
125
million primarily related to employee severance charges for the 2024 restructuring plan and have reduced the reserve by $
37
million. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we have reduced the reserve for the 2023 restructuring plan by $
132
million and $
31
million, respectively. The reductions primarily related to cash payments for employee severance charges.
12.
Segment and Geographic Information
As discussed in Note 1 –
Accounting Policies
, we have
five
reportable segments: Market Intelligence, Ratings, Commodity Insights, Mobility and Indices.
Our Chief Executive Officer is our chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) and evaluates performance of our segments and allocates resources (including employees, property, and financial or capital resources) based primarily on operating profit for each segment. Segment operating profit does not include Corporate Unallocated expense, equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries, other (income) expense, net, or interest expense, net, as these are amounts that do not affect the operating results of our reportable segments. We use the same accounting policies for our segments as those described in Note 1 –
Accounting Policies
.
Operating results for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
112
Table of Contents
113
Table of Contents
1
Intersegment revenue primarily relates to a royalty charged to Market Intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by Ratings.
2
The segment expense category for Market Intelligence, Ratings, Commodity Insights, Mobility and Indices for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 primarily include an aggregation of compensation costs, technology costs and strategic investments. The segment expense category for Engineering Solutions for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 primarily include an aggregation of technology costs and compensation costs. The CODM considers actual-to-actual and budget-to-