due to increased volumes also contributed to revenue growth. Foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
Operating profit increased 16%. Excluding the impact of higher employee severance charges in 2024 of 17 percentage points and IHS merger costs in 2024 of 11 percentage points, partially offset by higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2025 of 8 percentage points, Executive Leadership Team transition costs in 2025 of 5 percentage points, higher acquisition-related costs in 2025 of 3 percentage points and disposition-related costs in 2025 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 5% primarily due to revenue growth and lower outside services expenses, partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and additional headcount and expenses associated with the acquisition of Visible Alpha. Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
For a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our Market Intelligence business, see Item 1A,
Risk Factors
in this Form 10-Q and our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a further discussion of the legal and regulatory matters see Note 12 –
Commitments and Contingencies
to the consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q.
Ratings
Ratings is an independent provider of credit ratings, research, and analytics, offering investors and other market participants information, ratings and benchmarks. Credit ratings are one of several tools investors can use when making decisions about purchasing bonds and other fixed income investments. They are opinions about credit risk and our ratings express our opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer, such as a corporation or state or city government, to meet its financial obligations in full and on time. Our credit ratings can also relate to the credit quality of an individual debt issue, such as a corporate or municipal bond, and the relative likelihood that the issue may default.
36
Ratings disaggregates its revenue between transaction and non-transaction. Transaction revenue primarily includes fees associated with:
•
ratings related to new issuance of corporate and government debt instruments, as well as structured finance debt instruments; and
•
bank loan ratings.
Non-transaction revenue primarily includes fees for surveillance of a credit rating, annual fees for customer relationship-based pricing programs, fees for entity credit ratings and global research and analytics at Crisil. Non-transaction revenue also includes an intersegment royalty charged to Market Intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by Ratings. Royalty revenue was $42 million and $40 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the three months ended March 31:
1
2025 and 2024 include employee