concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, management is required to provide the following report on our internal control over financial reporting:
1.
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
2.
Management has evaluated the effectiveness of the system of internal control using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework (“COSO 2013 framework”). Management has selected the COSO 2013 framework for its evaluation as it is a control framework recognized by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board that is free from bias, permits reasonably consistent qualitative and quantitative measurement of our internal controls, is sufficiently complete so that relevant controls are not omitted and is relevant to an evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting.
3.
Based on management’s evaluation under this framework, management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2024. There are no material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that have been identified by management.
4.
Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, and has issued their reports on the financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. These reports are located on pages 70, 71 and 72 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B.
Other Information
IRAN THREAT REDUCTION AND SYRIA HUMAN RIGHTS ACT DISCLOSURE
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which amended the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether, during the reporting period, it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or
120
Table of Contents
with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
During 2024, the Company engaged in limited transactions or dealings related to the purchase or sale of information and informational materials, which are generally exempt from