billion, before incremental credits, over a
five-year
period. With AWS as its preferred cloud provider, S&P Global will enhance its cloud infrastructure, accelerate business growth, engineer new innovations for key industry segments, and help their customers navigate rapidly changing market conditions
.
Legal & Regulatory Matters
In the normal course of business both in the United States and abroad, the Company and its subsidiaries are defendants in a number of legal proceedings and are often subjected to government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries.
A class action lawsuit was filed in Australia on August 7, 2020 against the Company and a subsidiary of the Company. A separate lawsuit was filed against the Company and a subsidiary of the Company in Australia on February 2, 2021 by
two
entities within the Basis Capital investment group. The lawsuits both relate to alleged investment losses in collateralized debt obligations rated by Ratings prior to the financial crisis.  We can provide no assurance that we will not be obligated to pay significant amounts in order to resolve these matters on terms deemed acceptable.
From time to time, the Company receives customer complaints.  The Company believes it has strong contractual protections in the terms and conditions included in its arrangements with customers.  Nonetheless, in the interest of managing customer relationships, the Company from time to time engages in dialogue with such customers in an effort to resolve such complaints, and if such complaints cannot be resolved through dialogue, may face litigation regarding such complaints.  The Company does not expect to incur material losses as a result of these matters.
Moreover, various government and self-regulatory agencies frequently make inquiries and conduct investigations into our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including those related to our regulated products and services, antitrust matters and other matters, such as ESG. For example, as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") registered with the SEC under Section 15E of the Exchange Act, S&P Global Ratings is in ongoing communication with the staff of the SEC regarding compliance with its extensive obligations under the federal securities laws. On September 3, 2024, as part of an industry-wide investigation into off-channel communications by the SEC, S&P Global Ratings, and certain other NRSROs, reached a settlement to resolve violations of recordkeeping rules. This matter was previously disclosed by S&P Global. In the SEC’s order, the SEC recognized S&P Global Ratings’ remedial acts and its cooperation with the SEC staff. As part of the resolution, S&P Global Ratings paid a penalty of $
20
million. S&P Global previously accrued that amount in its consolidated financial statements for the second quarter of 2024. Although S&P Global seeks to promptly address any compliance issues that it detects or that the staff of the SEC or