primarily the local currency. For international operations that are determined to be extensions of the parent company, the U.S. dollar is the functional currency. We typically have naturally hedged positions in most countries from a local currency perspective with offsetting assets and liabilities. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we have entered into foreign exchange forward contracts in order to mitigate the change in fair value of specific assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. These forward contracts are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we have entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge the effect of adverse fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we held cross currency swaps to hedge a portion of our net investment in certain European subsidiaries against volatility in the Euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate. We have not entered into any derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. See Note 5 -
Derivative Instruments
to the consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q for further discussion.
Item 4.
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed so that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
As of March 31, 2025, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
49
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.
Legal Proceedings
See Note 12 –
Commitments and Contingencies - Legal & Regulatory Matters
to the consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q for information on our legal proceedings.
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors we have previously disclosed in Item 1A,
Risk