than the individual businesses functional currency.
2023
Segment Operating Profit —
Segment operating profit decreased 24% as compared to 2022. Excluding the unfavorable impact of a higher gain on dispositions in 2022 of 33 percentage points, higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2023 of 2 percentage points and higher acquisition-related costs of 1 percentage point, partially offset by higher employee severance
43
Table of Contents
charges in 2022 of 1 percentage point, segment operating profit increased 12%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by higher compensation costs and increased incentives. See “Segment Review” below for further information.
Corporate Unallocated Expense—
Corporate Unallocated expense includes costs for corporate functions, select initiatives, unoccupied office space and Kensho, included in selling and general expenses. Corporate Unallocated expense decreased 49%  compared to 2022. Excluding the impact of higher IHS Markit merger costs in 2022 of 15 percentage points, a S&P Foundation grant in 2022 of 7 percentage points and higher employee severance charges in 2022 of 2 percentage points, partially offset by a loss on disposition in 2023 of 4 percentage points, Corporate Unallocated expense increased 69% primarily due to increased incentives.
Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
— The Company holds an investment in a 50/50 joint venture arrangement with shared control with CME Group that combined each of the company’s post-trade services into a new joint venture, OSTTRA. The joint venture provides trade processing and risk mitigation operations and incorporates CME Group’s optimization businesses (Traiana, TriOptima, and Reset) and the Company’s MarkitSERV business. The combination is intended to increase operating efficiencies of both the company’s business to more effectively service clients with enhanced platforms and services for OTC markets across interest rate, FX, equity, and credit asset classes. Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries includes the OSTTRA joint venture acquired in connection with the merger with IHS Markit. Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries was $36 million for the year ended December 31, 2023.
Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact on operating profit of 1 percentage point. This impact refers to constant currency comparisons and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. Constant currency impacts are estimated by re-calculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year. Remeasurement impacts are based on the variance between current-year and prior-year foreign exchange rate fluctuations on assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the individual businesses functional currency.
Other (Income) Expense, net
Other (income) expense, net primarily includes the net periodic benefit cost for our retirement and post retirement plans.