acquisition-related costs in 2023 of 7 percentage points, higher employee severance costs in 2023 of 3 percentage points, higher IHS Markit merger costs in 2023 of 3 percentage points, a higher gain on dispositions in 2024 of 1 percentage point, partially offset by higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2024 of 3 percentage points, legal settlement costs in 2024 of 2 percentage points and a statutorily required bonus accrual adjustment in 2024 of 1 percentage point, segment operating profit increased 22%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by increased incentives as a result of financial performance, higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases and higher technology costs. See “Segment Review” below for further information.
Corporate Unallocated Expense
—
Corporate Unallocated expense includes costs for corporate functions, select initiatives, unoccupied office space and Kensho, included in selling and general expenses. Corporate Unallocated expense decreased 39% compared to 2023. Excluding the impact of a loss on disposition in 2023 of 8 percentage points, higher IHS Markit merger costs in 2023 of 5 percentage points, higher employee severance costs in 2023 of 1 percentage points, higher lease impairments in 2023 of 1 percentage point and higher disposition-related costs in 2023 of 1 percentage point, Corporate Unallocated expense increased  23% primarily due to higher incentives and compensation costs.
Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
— The Company holds an investment in a 50/50 joint venture arrangement with shared control with CME Group that combined each of the company’s post-trade services into a new joint venture, OSTTRA. The joint venture provides trade processing and risk mitigation operations and incorporates CME Group’s optimization businesses (Traiana, TriOptima, and Reset) and the Company’s MarkitSERV business. The combination is intended to increase operating efficiencies of both the company’s business to more effectively service clients with enhanced platforms and services for OTC markets across interest rate, FX, equity, and credit asset classes. Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries includes the OSTTRA joint venture acquired in connection with the merger with IHS Markit. Equity in Income on Unconsolidated Subsidiaries was $43 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 and $36 million for the year ended December 31, 2023.
Foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact on operating profit of 1 percentage point. This impact refers to constant currency comparisons and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. Constant currency impacts are estimated by re-calculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year. Remeasurement impacts are based on the variance between current-year and prior-year foreign exchange rate fluctuations on assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other