initial delivery of
15.2
million shares from the ASR program. We completed the ASR agreement on August 9, 2022 and received an additional
4.1
million shares. The ASR agreement was executed under our 2020 Repurchase Program.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we received a total of
6.7
million shares, including
0.2
million shares received in February of 2024 related to our November 13, 2023 ASR agreement, resulting in $
3.3
billion of cash used to purchase shares. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we received a total of
8.6
million shares, including
0.4
million shares received in February of 2023 related to our December 2, 2022 ASR agreement, resulting in $
3.3
billion of cash used to purchase shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased
33.5
million shares for $
12.0
billion of cash.
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests
Our redeemable interests include an agreement with the minority partners that own
27
% of our S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC joint venture contains redemption features whereby interests held by minority partners are redeemable either (i) at the option of the holder or (ii) upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within our control. Specifically, under the terms of the operating agreement of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, CME Group and CME Group Index Services LLC (“CGIS”) has the right at any time to sell, and we are obligated to buy, at least
20
% of their share in S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. In addition, in the event there is a change of control of the Company, for the
15
days following a change in control, CME Group and CGIS will have the right to put their interest to us at the then fair value of CME Group’s and CGIS’ minority interest.
If interests were to be redeemed under this agreement, we would generally be required to purchase the interest at fair value on the date of redemption. This interest is presented on the consolidated balance sheets outside of equity under the caption “Redeemable noncontrolling interests” with an initial value based on fair value for the portion attributable to the net assets we acquired, and based on our historical cost for the portion attributable to our S&P Index business. We adjust the redeemable noncontrolling interest each reporting period to its estimated redemption value, but never less than its initial fair value, using both income and market valuation approaches. Our income and market valuation approaches may incorporate Level 3 fair value measures for instances when observable inputs are not available. The more significant judgmental assumptions used to estimate the value of the S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC joint venture include an estimated discount rate, a range of assumptions that form the basis of the expected future net cash flows (e.g., the revenue growth rates and operating margins), and a company specific beta. The significant judgmental assumptions used that incorporate market data, including the relative weighting of market observable information