profit for the year ended December 31, 2022, have been included within the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
The following unaudited supplemental pro forma combined financial information presents the
Company’s results of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022
as if the acquisition of IHS Markit had occurred on January 1, 2021. The pro forma financial information is presented for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the Company’s operating results that may have actually occurred had the acquisition of IHS Markit been completed on January 1, 2021.
The pro forma results do not include anticipated synergies or other expected benefits of the acquisition.
The unaudited pro forma financial information reflects pro forma adjustments to present the combined pro forma results of operations as if the acquisition had occurre
d on January 1, 2021 to give effect to certain events the Company believes to be directly attributable to the acquisition.
Non-cash investing activities
Liabilities assumed in conjunction with our acquisitions are as follows:
Divestitures
2024
During the year ended December 31, 2024 we completed the following dispositions that resulted in a pre-tax gain of
59
million
which was included in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net in the consolidated statement of income:
•
On November 1, 2024, we completed the sale of the PrimeOne business, our outsourced technology platform servicing the global prime finance business. The PrimeOne business was part of our Market Intelligence segment. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $
38
million ($
27
million after-tax) in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net in the consolidated statement of income related to the sale of the PrimeOne business in our Market Intelligence segment.
•
On August 15, 2024, we completed the sale of Fincentric, formerly known as Markit Digital. This sale followed our announced intent to explore strategic opportunities for Fincentric in February of 2024. Fincentric was S&P Global’s premier digital solutions provider focused on developing mobile applications and websites for retail brokerages and other financial institutions. Fincentric specializes in designing cutting-edge financial data visualizations, interfaces and investor experiences. Fincentric was acquired by S&P Global through the merger with IHS Markit and was part of our Market Intelligence segment. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $
21
million ($
12
million after-tax) in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net in the consolidated statement of income related to the sale of Fincentric in our Market Intelligence segment.
2023
During the year ended
December 31, 2023
, we completed
the following disposition and received the following contingent payment
that resulted in a pre-tax loss of $
70
million
, which was included in (Gain) loss on dispositions, net in the consolidated statement of income:
90
Table of Contents
•
On