regulatory enforcement actions or fines. Regulatory developments may also present commercial opportunities to Market Intelligence to develop further or different services to enable better compliance by its clients.
For a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our Market Intelligence business, see Item 1A,
Risk Factors
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our Market Intelligence business, see Note 13 –
Commitments and Contingencies
to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8,
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Ratings
Ratings is an independent provider of credit ratings, research, and analytics, offering investors and other market participants information, ratings and benchmarks. Credit ratings are one of several tools investors can use when making decisions about purchasing bonds and other fixed income investments. They are opinions about credit risk and our ratings express our opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer, such as a corporation or state or city government, to meet its financial obligations in full and on time. Our credit ratings can also relate to the credit quality of an individual debt issue, such as a corporate or municipal bond, and the relative likelihood that the issue may default.
48
Table of Contents
Ratings disaggregates its revenue between transaction and non-transaction. Transaction revenue primarily includes fees associated with:
•
ratings related to new issuance of corporate and government debt instruments, as well as structured finance debt instruments; and
•
bank loan ratings.
Non-transaction revenue primarily includes fees for surveillance of a credit rating, annual fees for customer relationship-based pricing programs, fees for entity credit ratings and global research and analytics at Crisil. Non-transaction revenue also includes an intersegment royalty charged to Market Intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by Ratings. Royalty revenue for 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $162 million, $154 million
an
d $143 million, respectively.
The following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended December 31:
1
2024 includes legal settlement costs of $20 million, a statutorily required bonus accrual adjustment of $6 million and employee severance charges of $5 million.
2023
includes employee severance charges of $10 million and an asset impairment of $1 million.
2022 includes
employee severance charges of $24 million, legal costs of $5 million and an asset write-off of $1 million.
2024, 2023 and 2022 include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $14 million, $8 million and $7 million, respectively.
2024
Revenue increased 31%, with a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of less than 1 percentage point. Transaction revenue increased primarily due to growth in