are developed and implemented in a way to minimize unintended and harmful impacts. In addition, our failure to continue development and adoption of ethical and transparent policies and procedures related to AI could negatively impact our reputation and customer confidence.  Any of these social, ethical or operational issues could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Our use of open source software could result in litigation or impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services.
We use open source software in our technology, most often as small components within a larger product or service. Open source code is also contained in some third-party software we rely on. The terms of many open source licenses are ambiguous and have not been interpreted by United States (“U.S.”) or other courts. These licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services, licenses the software on unfavorable terms, or requires us to re-engineer our products and services or take other remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could also be subject to suits by parties claiming breach of the terms of licenses, which could be costly for us to defend.
Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights could impact our competitive position.
•
We consider many of our products and services to be proprietary. Failure to protect our intellectual property adequately could harm the value of and revenue generated by such assets as well as our reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. Businesses we acquire may also have intellectual property portfolios which increase the complexity of managing our intellectual property portfolio and protecting our competitive position.
•
Our products contain intellectual property delivered through a variety of digital and other media. Our ability to achieve anticipated results depends in part on our ability to defend our intellectual property rights against infringement and misappropriation. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by inadequate or changing legal and technological protections for intellectual property and proprietary rights in some jurisdictions and markets. For example, the legal landscape with respect to AI is rapidly evolving, and we do not yet know whether intellectual property laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate will enable us to effectively protect our intellectual property rights from unintended use by AI.  Additionally, we do business in a number of countries included on the Priority Watch List maintained by the Office of the United States Trade Representative which are currently thought to afford less protection to intellectual property rights generally than some other jurisdictions.