to litigation and government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries (including market studies) could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
•
In the normal course of business, both in the U.S. and abroad, we and our subsidiaries are defendants in numerous legal proceedings and are often the subject of government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries (including market studies), as discussed under Item 7,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Note 13 –
Commitments and Contingencies
to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8,
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we face the risk that additional proceedings, investigations and inquiries (including market studies) will arise in the future.
•
Many of these proceedings, investigations and inquiries (including market studies) regularly relate to the activity of our Ratings, Indices, and Commodity Insights businesses. In addition, various government and self-regulatory agencies frequently make inquiries and conduct investigations into our compliance with applicable laws and
14
Table of Contents
regulations, including those related to our regulated products and services, antitrust matters, and other matters, such as environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters. From time to time, we also face proceedings, investigations or inquiries related to tax matters. Enhancements to our products and services combined with evolving regulation requires us to continuously evaluate our regulatory and compliance obligations, and government and self-regulatory agencies may conduct investigations to determine whether our products and services subject us to additional regulations.  Any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries (including market studies) impose additional expenses on the Company, require the attention of senior management, and could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties, activity restrictions, reduced demand for our products and services, or negative impacts on our cash flows, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
•
In view of the uncertainty inherent in litigation, government and regulatory enforcement matters, and changing political sentiments, we cannot predict the eventual outcome of the matters we are currently facing or the timing of their resolution, or in most cases reasonably estimate what the eventual judgments or impact of activity restrictions may be. The outcome of matters we are currently facing or that we may face in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
•
As litigation or the process to resolve pending matters progresses, as the case may be, we continuously