specifications; applied technical reference; engineering journals, reports, best practices, and other vetted technical reference; and patents and patent applications, which includes Engineering Workbench; Goldfire’s cognitive search and other advanced knowledge discovery capabilities that help pinpoint answers buried in enterprise systems and unstructured data enabling engineers and technical professionals to accelerate problem solving; and
•
Non-subscription revenue
—
primarily from retail transaction and consulting services.
The following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended December 31:
N/M – Represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful
1
2023 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $1 million. 2022 includes employee severance charges of $4 million and amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $35 million.
2023
Revenue decreased 59% as a result of the sale of Engineering Solutions. Operating profit increased 24%. Excluding the impact of higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2022 of 77 percentage points and employee severance charges in 2022 of 10 percentage points, operating profit decreased 63% as a result of the sale of Engineering Solutions. As of May 2, 2023, we completed the sale of Engineering Solutions and the results are included through that date. The Engineering Solutions business was acquired in connection with the merger with IHS Markit on February 28, 2022 and the financial results are included since the date of acquisition through May 2, 2023.
60
Table of Contents
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
We continue to maintain a strong financial position. Our primary source of funds for operations is cash from our businesses and our core businesses have been strong cash generators. In 2025, cash on hand, cash flows from operations and availability under our existing credit facility are expected to be sufficient to meet any additional operating and recurring cash needs in the short term and into the foreseeable future. We use our cash for a variety of needs, including but not limited to: ongoing investments in our businesses, strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends, repayment of debt, capital expenditures and investment in our infrastructure.
Cash Flow Overview
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash were $1.7 billion and $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
In 2024, free cash flow increased to $5.3 billion compared to $3.3 billion in 2023 primarily due to an increase in cash provided by operating activities as discussed below. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and reflects our cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interest holders. Capital expenditures include purchases of property and equipment and additions to technology projects. See “Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Information” below for a