specific
costs (e.g., deal costs and costs associated with legal entity
rationalization) related to the consummation of the
acquisition process and legal entity rationalization and
acquisition-related tax items.
2.
Amortization of purchased intangible assets
. Periodic
amortization expense related to purchased intangible assets.
3.
Structural optimization and other special charges.
Costs
associated with employee retention and workforce
reductions, the closure or transfer of manufacturing and
other facilities (e.g., site closure costs, contract termination
costs and redundant employee costs during the work
transfers), product line exits (primarily inventory, long-lived
asset and specifically-identified intangible asset write-offs),
certain long-lived and intangible asset write-offs and
impairments and other charges.
4.
Medical device regulations.
Costs specific to updating our
quality system, product labeling, asset write-offs and product
remanufacturing to comply with the new medical device
reporting regulations and other requirements of the
European Union.
5.
Recall-related matters
. Changes in our best estimate of the
probable loss, or the minimum of the range of probable
losses when a best estimate within a range is not known, to
resolve the Rejuvenate, LFIT V40, Wright legacy hip
products and other product recalls.
6.
Regulatory and legal matters
. Changes in our best estimate
of the probable loss, or the minimum of the range of
probable losses when a best estimate within a range is not
known, to resolve certain regulatory or other legal matters
and the amount of favorable awards from settlements.
7.
Tax matters
. Impact of accounting for certain significant and
discrete tax items.
Because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it
may not be possible to compare these financial measures with
other companies' non-GAAP financial measures having the same
or similar names. These adjusted financial measures should not
be considered in isolation or as a substitute for reported sales
growth, gross profit, selling, general and administrative expenses,
research, development and engineering expenses, operating
income, other income (expense), net, income taxes, effective
income tax rate, net earnings and net earnings per diluted share,
the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These
non-GAAP financial measures are an additional way of viewing
aspects of our operations when viewed with our GAAP results
and the reconciliations to corresponding GAAP financial
measures at the end of the discussion of Consolidated Results of
Operations below. We strongly encourage investors and
shareholders to review our financial statements and publicly-filed
reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial
measure.
The weighted-average diluted shares outstanding used in the
calculation of adjusted net earnings per diluted share are the
same as those used in the calculation of reported net earnings
per diluted share for the respective