Form 10-K for
2024
.
This Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with our
Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes to
our Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for
2024
. While we believe that the assumptions
underlying such forward-looking statements are reasonable,
there can be no assurance that future events or developments
will not cause such statements to be inaccurate. All forward-
looking statements contained in this report are qualified in their
entirety by this cautionary statement. We expressly disclaim any
intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-
looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or in
events, conditions or circumstances on which those expectations
may be based, or that affect the likelihood that actual results will
differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements.
We consider our greatest potential area of market risk exposure
to be exchange rate risk on our operating results. Quantitative
and qualitative disclosures about exchange rate risk are included
in Item 7A "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
2024
. There were
no material changes from the information provided therein.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers),
evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) on
March 31, 2025
. Based on that evaluation, the
Certifying Officers concluded the Company's disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of
March 31, 2025
.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There was no change to our internal control over financial
reporting during the
three months 2025
that materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
We are not aware of any material changes to the risk factors
included in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for
2024
.
We issued 9,324 shares of our common stock In the three
months
2025
as performance incentive awards to employees.
These shares are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933
based on the conclusion that the awards would not be events of
sale within the meaning of Section 2(a)(3) of the Act.
In March 2015 we announced that our Board of Directors had
authorized us to purchase up to $2,000 of our common stock.
The manner, timing and amount of repurchases are determined
by management based on an evaluation of market conditions,
stock price, and other factors and are subject to regulatory
considerations. Purchases are made from time-to-time in the
open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise.
In the
three months 2025
we