evaluated for proper financial statement treatment.
We have not received any audit assessments or draft
assessments that have not been reviewed and evaluated.
NOTE 10 -
SEGMENT
INFORMATION
We segregate our operations into
two
reportable business
segments: (i) MedSurg and Neurotechnology and (ii)
Orthopaedics which aligns to our internal reporting structure and
how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (
CODM)
assesses the
performance of and allocates resources. The CODM is the Chief
Executive Officer. The CODM makes decisions on resource
allocation, assesses performance of the business, and monitors
budget versus actual results using segment operating income.
Our reportable segments and related disclosures reflect certain
reclassifications of prior year amounts from our Orthopaedics
segment to our MedSurg and Neurotechnology segment due to
changes in our internal reporting structure.
NOTE 11 -
ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
During the fourth quarter 2024 management committed to a plan
to sell certain assets associated with the Spinal Implants
business (disposal group) and such assets were classified as
held for sale beginning November 2024. As a result we recorded
a valuation allowance of
$
362
to record the disposal group at its
fair value less cost to sell. In January 2025 we announced a
definitive agreement to sell our United States Spinal Implants
business to Viscogliosi Brothers, LLC. The definitive agreement
includes a binding offer to sell our Spinal Implants business in
certain international markets at later dates, subject to required
consultations with employees and employee representatives.
In the
three months
2025
we recognized a charge of
$
33
to
record the disposal group at its fair value less cost to sell within
goodwill and other impairments in our Consolidated Statements
of Earnings resulting in a valuation allowance o
f
$
395
at
March 31, 2025
. The fair value of the disposal group was
measured using a discounted cash flow analysis based upon the
selling price and unobservable inputs, such as market conditions
and the rate used to discount the estimated future cash flows to
their present value based on factors including the disposal
group’s cost of equity and market yield rates, which are Level 3
inputs. Future changes in the judgments, assumptions and
estimates that are used in our fair value estimate, including
discount rates and cash flow projections, could result in a
significantly different estimate of fair value. A change in the
amount or timing of consideration received could increase the fair
value by
up to
$
57
or decrease the fair value by up to
$
245
.
In April 2025 we completed the sale of our United States Spinal
Implants business as discussed in Note 12.
The assets associated with the Spinal Implants disposal group
are reported in our Orthopaedics segment.
The assets and
liabilities held for sale are classified within prepaid expenses and
other current assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities in
our Consolidated Balance