and have accessed
the credit markets in the past and may continue to do so from
time-to-time. We continue to have strong investment-grade short-
term and long-term debt ratings that we believe should enable us
to refinance our debt as needed.
Our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and
marketable securities held in locations outside the United States
was
29%
on
March 31, 2025
compared to
20%
on
December 31,
2024
.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
There were no changes to our critical accounting policies and
estimates from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-
K for
2024
,
except as follows.
Refer to Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for
discussion of estimates related to the Spinal Implants assets
classified as held for sale as of
March 31, 2025
.
New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
Refer to Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for
information.
Guarantees and Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing
arrangements, including variable interest entities, of a magnitude
that we believe could have a material impact on our financial
condition or liquidity.
OTHER MATTERS
Legal and Regulatory Matters
We are involved in various ongoing proceedings, legal actions
and claims arising in the normal course of our business, including
proceedings related to product, labor, intellectual property and
other matters. Refer to Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements for further information.
FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS
This report contains statements that are not historical facts and
are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
statements are based on current projections about operations,
industry conditions, financial condition and liquidity. Words that
identify forward-looking statements include, without limitation,
words such as "may," "could," "will," "should," "possible," "plan,"
"predict," "forecast," "potential," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect,"
"project," "intend," "believe," "may impact," "on track," "goal,"
"strategy" and words and terms of similar substance used in
connection with any discussion of future operating or financial
performance, an acquisition or our businesses. In addition, any
statements that refer to expectations, projections or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any
underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Those
statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely
from these forward-looking statements, historical experience or
our present expectations. Some important factors that could
cause our actual results to differ from our expectations in any
forward-looking statements include the risks discussed in Item
1A. "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on