Sheets and included the following at
March 31, 2025
and
December 31, 2024
:
NOTE 12 -
SUBSEQUENT EVENT
In April 2025 we completed the sale of our United States Spinal
Implants business to the Viscogliosi Brothers, LLC. The definitive
agreement includes a binding offer to sell our Spinal Implants
business in certain international markets at later dates, subject to
the completion of all legal and regulatory requirements and
required consultations with employees and employee
representatives.
ABOUT STRYKER
Stryker is a global leader in medical technologies and, together
with our customers, we are driven to make healthcare better. We
offer innovative products and services in MedSurg,
Neurotechnology, and
Orthopaedics
that help improve patient
and healthcare outcomes. Alongside our customers around the
world, we impact more than 150 million patients annually.
We segregate our operations into two reportable business
segments: (i) MedSurg and Neurotechnology and (ii)
Orthopaedics. MedSurg and Neurotechnology products include
surgical equipment and navigation systems (Instruments),
endoscopic and communications systems (Endoscopy), patient
handling, emergency medical equipment and intensive care
disposable products (Medical),
minimally invasive products for
the treatment of acute ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke and
venous thromboembolism (Vascular)
, a comprehensive line of
products for traditional brain and open skull based surgical
procedures; orthobiologic and biosurgery products, including
synthetic bone grafts and vertebral augmentation products
(Neuro Cranial). Orthopaedics products consist primarily of
implants used in hip and knee joint replacements and trauma and
extremity surgeries.
Macroeconomic Environment
Beginning in the first quarter 2025, the United States government
has announced new tariffs on goods imported into the United
States from dozens of countries, including China and the
European Union member states. In response, governments have
threatened or imposed reciprocal tariffs or taken other measures,
and the United States is in the process of negotiating with certain
governments. We continue to monitor and evaluate the situation.
Tariffs could result in an increase in certain product costs or have
adverse impacts on, among other things, demand for our
products and supply chains. The overall macroeconomic and
geopolitical environment, including tariffs or changes in trade
policies, slower economic growth or recession, market volatility
and inflation, and uncertainty regarding all of the foregoing, pose
risks that could impact our business and results of operations.
For more information about these risks, see Item 1A. "Risk
Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2024.
Overview of the
Three Months
In the
three months 2025
we achieved sales growth of
11.9%
from
2024
. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures,
sales grew
10.1%
in constant currency. We reported operating
income margin of
14.3%
, net earnings of
$654
and