paid to employees or
third-party agents. Certain sales commissions paid to employees
prior to recognition of sales are recorded as deferred contract
costs. We expense sales commissions associated with obtaining
a contract at the time of the sale or as incurred as the
amortization period is generally less than one year. These costs
have been presented within selling, general and administrative
expenses. On
March 31, 2025
and
December 31, 2024
deferred
contracts costs recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets
were not significant.
Contract Assets and Liabilities
Our contract assets primarily relate to conditional rights to
consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting
date.
On
March 31, 2025
and
December 31, 2024
contract
assets recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets were not
significant.
Our contract liabilities arise as a result of consideration received
from customers at inception of contracts for certain businesses or
where the timing of billing for services precedes satisfaction of
our performance obligations. This occurs primarily when payment
is received upfront for certain multi-period extended service
contracts. Our contract liabilities of
$
1,028
and
$
978
on
March 31, 2025
and
December 31, 2024
are classified within
accrued expenses and other liabilities and other noncurrent
liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the timing
of when we expect to complete our performance obligations.
Changes in contract liabilities during the
three months 2025
were
as follows:
Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets
We sell certain customer lease agreements and the related
leased assets to third-party financial institutions to accelerate our
cash collection cycle. The lease receivables are sold without
recourse and are derecognized from our Consolidated Balance
Sheets at the time of sale. Under the terms of our arrangements,
we collect lease payments on behalf of the financial institutions
but maintain no other form of continuing involvement. Sales of
these lease agreements are classified as operating activities in
our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Fees earned for our
servicing activities are immaterial. Revenue related to customer
lease agreements sold under these arrangements represented
less than
4
%
of our total revenue for the
three months
2025
and
2024
.
NOTE 3 -
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)
INCOME (AOCI)
NOTE 4 -
DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
We use operational and economic hedges, foreign currency
exchange forward contracts, net investment hedges (both
derivative and non-derivative financial instruments) and interest
rate derivative instruments to manage the impact of currency
exchange and interest rate fluctuations on earnings, cash flow
and equity. We do not enter into derivative instruments for
speculative purposes. We are exposed to potential credit loss in
the event of nonperformance by counterparties on our
outstanding derivative instruments but do not anticipate
nonperformance by any