difference between the cost and fair value of available-for-sale
marketable securities was nominal. Interest income on cash and
cash equivalents and short-term investments and income from
marketable securities was
$
38
and
$
36
in the
three months
2025
and
2024
, which was recorded in other income (expense), net.
O
ur investments in available-for-sale marketable securities had a
minimum credit quality rating of A2 (Moody's), A (Standard &
Poor's) and A (Fitch). We do not plan to sell the investments, and
it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the
investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which
may be maturity.
NOTE 6 -
CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS
We are involved in various ongoing proceedings, legal actions
and claims arising in the normal course of business, including
proceedings related to product, labor, intellectual property and
other matters, the most significant of which are more fully
described below. The outcomes of these matters will generally
not be known for prolonged periods of time. In certain of the legal
proceedings the claimants seek damages as well as other
compensatory and equitable relief that could result in the
payment of significant claims and settlements and/or the
imposition of injunctions or other equitable relief. For legal
matters for which management had sufficient information to
reasonably estimate our future obligations, a liability representing
management's best estimate of the probable loss, or the
minimum of the range of probable losses when a best estimate
within the range is not known, is recorded. The estimates are
based on consultation with legal counsel, previous settlement
experience and settlement strategies. If actual outcomes are less
favorable than those estimated by management, additional
expense may be incurred, which could unfavorably affect future
operating results. We are self-insured for certain claims and
expenses. The ultimate cost to us with respect to product liability
claims could be materially different than the amount of the current
estimates and accruals and could have a material adverse effect
on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
We are currently investigating whether certain business activities
in certain foreign countries violated provisions of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and have engaged outside counsel
to conduct these investigations. We have been contacted by the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission, United
States Department of Justice (DOJ) and certain other regulatory
authorities and are cooperating with these agencies. On April 1,
2025 we were informed by the DOJ that it had closed its inquiry
into potential FCPA violations without further action. At this time
we are unable to predict the outcome of the remaining
investigations or the potential impact, if any, on our financial
statements.
We have conducted voluntary recalls of certain products,
including our Rejuvenate and ABG II