principles generally accepted in the
United States (GAAP) with certain non-GAAP financial measures,
including percentage sales growth in constant currency;
percentage organic sales growth; adjusted gross profit; adjusted
selling, general and administrative expenses; adjusted research,
development and engineering expenses; adjusted operating
income; adjusted other income (expense), net; adjusted income
taxes; adjusted effective income tax rate; adjusted net earnings;
and adjusted net earnings per diluted share (Diluted EPS). We
believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful
information to assist investors and shareholders in understanding
our financial results and assessing our prospects for future
performance. Management believes percentage sales growth in
constant currency and the other adjusted measures described
above are important indicators of our operations because they
exclude items that may not be indicative of or are unrelated to our
core operating results and provide a baseline for analyzing trends
in our underlying businesses. Management uses these non-
GAAP financial measures for reviewing the operating results of
reportable business segments and analyzing potential future
business trends in connection with our budget process and bases
certain management incentive compensation on these non-GAAP
financial measures. To measure percentage sales growth in
constant currency, we remove the impact of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates that affect the comparability and trend
of sales. Percentage sales growth in constant currency is
calculated by translating current and prior year results at the
same foreign currency exchange rate. To measure percentage
organic sales growth, we remove the impact of changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, acquisitions and divestitures,
which affect the comparability and trend of sales. Percentage
organic sales growth is calculated by translating current year and
prior year results at the same foreign currency exchange rates
excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. To measure
earnings performance on a consistent and comparable basis, we
exclude certain items that affect the comparability of operating
results and the trend of earnings. The income tax effect of each
adjustment was determined based on the tax effect of the
jurisdiction in which the related pre-tax adjustment was recorded.
These adjustments are irregular in timing and may not be
indicative of our past and future performance. The following are
examples of the types of adjustments that may be included in a
period:
1.
Acquisition and integration-related costs
. Costs related to
integrating recently acquired businesses (e.g., costs
associated with the termination of sales relationships,
employee retention and workforce reductions, manufacturing
integration costs and other integration-related activities),
changes in the fair value of contingent consideration,
amortization of inventory stepped-up to fair value,