expected to close in mid-2025, pending customary closing conditions. We expect a gain on sale, whose amount will be dependent on the timing of close.
Beginning in third-quarter 2024, our investment in DIRECTV was reduced to
zero
on our consolidated balance sheet, resulting from aggregate cash receipts exceeding our initial investment balance plus our cumulative equity in DIRECTV earnings. As we are not committed, implicitly or explicitly, to provide financial or other support to DIRECTV, we record cash distributions
22
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
received in excess of our share of DIRECTV’s earnings in “Equity in net income of affiliates” in the consolidated statements of income and as cash provided by operations in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
The following table sets forth our share of DIRECTV’s earnings included in “Equity in net income of affiliates” and cash distributions received from DIRECTV:
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we billed DIRECTV approximately $
124
and $
145
under commercial arrangements and transition service agreements, which were recorded as a reduction to the operations and support expenses incurred.
At
March 31, 2025
, we had accounts receivable from DIRECTV of $
226
and accounts payable to DIRECTV of $
50
.
NOTE 10. SUPPLIER AND VENDOR FINANCING PROGRAMS
Supplier Financing Program
We actively manage the timing of our supplier payments for operating items to optimize the use of our cash and seek to make payments on 90-day or greater terms, while providing suppliers with access to bank facilities that permit earlier payment at their cost. Our supplier financing program does not result in changes to our normal, contracted payment cycles or cash from operations.
At the supplier’s election, they can receive payment of AT&T obligations prior to the scheduled due dates, at a discounted price from the third-party financial institution. The discounted price paid to participating suppliers is based on a variable rate that is indexed to the overnight borrowing rate. We agree to pay the financial institution the stated amount generally within 90 days of receipt of the invoice. We do not have pledged assets or other guarantees under our supplier financing program.
Suppliers had elected to sell to the third-party financial institutions $
3,384
and $
2,498
of our outstanding payment obligations as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. These amounts are included in “Accounts payable and accrued liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheets. Our supplier financing programs are reported as operating or investing (when capitalizable) activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows when paid.
Direct Supplier Financing
We also have arrangements with suppliers of handset inventory that allow us to extend the stated payment terms by up to 90 days at an additional cost to us