for our credit facilities.
Collateral Arrangements
Most of our counterparty collateral arrangements require cash collateral posting by AT&T only when derivative market values exceed certain thresholds. Under these arrangements, which cover the majority of our approximate $36,532 derivative portfolio, counterparties are still required to post collateral. During the first three months of 2025, we posted $8 of cash collateral, on a net basis. Cash postings under these arrangements vary with changes in credit ratings and netting agreements. (See Note 7)
Other
Our total capital consists of debt (long-term debt and debt maturing within one year), redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders’ equity. Our capital structure does not include debt issued by our equity method investments. At March 31, 2025, our debt ratio was 50.9%, compared to 52.4% at March 31, 2024 and 50.7% at December 31, 2024. The debt ratio is affected by the same factors that affect total capital, and reflects our recent debt issuances, repayments and reclassifications related to redemption of noncontrolling interests.
34
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
DISCUSSION AND RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURES
We also evaluate segment and business unit performance based on EBITDA, which is defined as operating income excluding depreciation and amortization, and/or EBITDA margin, which is defined as EBITDA divided by total revenue. EBITDA is used as part of our management reporting, and we believe EBITDA to be a relevant and useful measurement to our investors as it measures the cash generation potential of our business units. EBITDA does not give effect to depreciation and amortization expenses incurred in operating income nor is it burdened by cash used for debt service requirements and thus does not reflect available funds for distributions, reinvestment or other discretionary uses. There are material limitations to using these non-GAAP financial measures. EBITDA and EBITDA margin, as we have defined them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
35
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
At March 31, 2025, we had no interest rate swaps.
We have fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swaps on foreign currency-denominated debt instruments with a U.S. dollar notional value of $36,532 to hedge our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. These derivatives have been designated as fair value hedges with a net fair value of $(3,753) at March 31, 2025.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
The registrant maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the registrant is recorded, processed, summarized, accumulated and communicated to its management, including its principal