measures of performance for Mobility:
Service
revenue increased in the first quarter of 2025. The increase is largely due to growth from postpaid phone average revenue per subscriber (ARPU) growth and subscriber gains.
ARPU
ARPU increased in the first quarter of 2025, reflecting pricing actions and customers migrating to higher priced plans.
Churn
The effective management of subscriber churn is critical to our ability to maximize revenue growth and to maintain and improve margins. Postpaid churn and postpaid phone-only churn were higher in the first quarter of 2025, driven by a normalization of customers reaching the end of their equipment promotional plans and a shift in competitive offers.
Equipment
revenue increased in the first quarter of 2025, primarily driven by higher wireless device sales volumes.
Operations and support
expenses increased in the first quarter of 2025, primarily due to higher equipment costs driven by higher wireless sales volumes. The increase also reflected higher advertising due to launch of new campaign, promotion costs and network costs.
Depreciation
expense increased in the first quarter of 2025, primarily due to ongoing capital spending for network upgrades and expansion, partially offset by lower depreciation impacts from our network modernization efforts.
28
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
Operating income
increased in the first quarter of 2025. Our Mobility operating income margin in the first quarter decreased from 31.4% in 2024 to 31.2% in 2025. Our Mobility EBITDA margin in the first quarter decreased from 43.5% in 2024 to 43.0% in 2025.
Legacy and other transitional services
revenues decreased in the first quarter of 2025, driven by lower demand for legacy and VPN services, which we expect to continue. Revenue declines also reflect the absence of revenues from our cybersecurity business that was contributed to LevelBlue in the second quarter of 2024. These revenue declines were partially offset by targeted pricing actions.
Fiber and advanced connectivity services
revenues increased in the first quarter of 2025, driven by higher fiber and fixed wireless revenues.
Equipment
revenues remained constant in the first quarter of 2025.
Operations and support
expenses decreased in the first quarter of 2025, primarily driven by lower personnel costs associated with ongoing transformation initiatives, lower network-related costs that included higher vendor settlements in 2025 and the contribution of our cybersecurity business. As part of our transformation activities, we expect operations and support expense improvements through the remainder of 2025 as we further right size our operations in alignment with the strategic direction of the business.
Depreciation
expense increased in the first quarter of 2025, primarily due to ongoing capital investment for strategic initiatives