accrued and settled in the periods above were offset against “Interest expense.”
The following table presents information for our cash flow hedging relationships:
NOTE 8. SALES OF RECEIVABLES
We have agreements with various third-party financial institutions pertaining to the sales of certain types of our accounts receivable. The most significant of these programs are discussed in detail below and generally consist of (1) receivables arising from equipment installment plans, which are sold for cash and beneficial interests, such as deferred purchase price, when applicable, and (2) revolving trade receivables, which are sold for cash. Under the terms of our agreements for these programs, we continue to service the transferred receivables on behalf of the financial institutions.
The following table sets forth a summary of cash proceeds received, net of remittances paid, from sales of receivables:
The sales of receivables did not have a material impact on our consolidated statements of income or to “Total Assets” reported on our consolidated balance sheets. We reflect cash receipts on sold receivables as cash flows from operations in our consolidated statements of cash flows. In the event cash is received on the beneficial interests, those receipts are classified as cash flows from investing activities, when applicable.
20
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
Our equipment installment and revolving receivables programs are discussed in detail below.
The following table sets forth a summary of the receivables and accounts being serviced:
Equipment Installment Receivables Program
We offer our customers the option to purchase certain wireless devices in installments over a specified period of time and, in many cases, once certain conditions are met, they may be eligible to trade in the original equipment for a new device and have the remaining unpaid balance paid or settled.
We maintain a program under which we transfer a portion of these receivables through our bankruptcy-remote subsidiary in exchange for cash and beneficial interests. In the event a customer trades in a device prior to the end of the installment contract period, we agree to make a payment to the financial institutions equal to any outstanding remaining installment receivable balance. Accordingly, we record a guarantee obligation for this estimated amount at the time the receivables are transferred.
The following table sets forth a summary of equipment installment receivables sold under this program:
Beneficial interests, when applicable, and guarantee obligations are initially recorded at estimated fair value and subsequently adjusted for changes in present value of expected cash flows. The estimation of their fair values is based on remaining installment payments expected to be collected and the expected timing and value of device trade-ins. The estimated value of the device trade-ins