customer contracts, including commissions on service activations for our Mobility, Business Wireline and Consumer Wireline services, are deferred and amortized over the contract period or expected customer relationship life, which typically ranges from
three years
to
five years
.
14
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
The following table presents the deferred customer contract acquisition and fulfillment costs included on our consolidated balance sheets:
The following table presents deferred customer contract acquisition and fulfillment cost amortization, which are primarily included in “Selling, general and administrative” and “Other cost of revenues,” respectively, for the three months ended:
Contract Assets and Liabilities
A contract asset is recorded when revenue is recognized in advance of our right to bill and receive consideration. The contract asset will decrease as services are provided and billed. For example, when installment sales include promotional discounts (e.g., trade-in device credits) the difference between revenue recognized and consideration received is recorded as a contract asset to be amortized over the contract term.
Our contract assets primarily relate to our wireless businesses. Promotional equipment sales where we offer handset credits, which are allocated between equipment and service in proportion to their standalone selling prices, when customers commit to a specified service period result in additional contract assets recognized. These contract assets will amortize over the service contract period, resulting in lower future service revenue.
When consideration is received in advance of the delivery of goods or services, a contract liability is recorded. Reductions in the contract liability will be recorded as we satisfy the performance obligations.
The following table presents contract assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets:
Our beginning of period contract liability recorded as customer contract revenue during 2025 was $
3,500
.
15
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
Remaining Performance Obligations
Remaining performance obligations represent services we are required to provide to customers under bundled or discounted arrangements, which are satisfied as services are provided over the contract term. In determining the transaction price allocated, we do not include non-recurring charges and estimates for usage, nor do we consider arrangements with an original expected duration of less than one year, which are primarily prepaid wireless and residential internet agreements.
Remaining performance obligations associated with business contracts reflect recurring charges billed, adjusted to reflect estimates for sales incentives and revenue adjustments. Performance obligations associated with wireless