value calculation that may not be indicative of future net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. We believe our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants. The use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. There have been no changes in the methodologies used since December 31, 2024.
Long-Term Debt and Other Financial Instruments
The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our long-term debt, including current maturities, and other financial instruments are summarized as follows:
The carrying amount of debt with an original maturity of less than one year approximates fair value. The fair value measurements used for notes and debentures are considered Level 2 and are determined using various methods, including quoted prices for identical or similar securities in both active and inactive markets.
Following is the fair value leveling for investment securities that are measured at fair value and derivatives as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Derivatives designated as hedging instruments are reflected as “Prepaid and other current assets,” “Other Assets,” “Accounts payable and accrued liabilities,” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheets.
17
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
Investment Securities
Our investment securities include both equity and debt securities that are measured at fair value, as well as equity securities without readily determinable fair values. A substantial portion of the fair values of our investment securities is estimated based on quoted market prices. Investments in equity securities not traded on a national securities exchange are valued at cost, less any impairment, and adjusted for changes resulting from observable, orderly transactions for identical or similar securities. Investments in debt securities not traded on a national securities exchange are valued using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows.
The components comprising total gains and losses in the period on equity securities are as follows:
At March 31, 2025, available-for-sale debt securities totaling $
686
have maturities as follows - less than one year: $
94
; one to three years: $
100
; three to five years: $
100
; five or more years: $
392
.
Our cash equivalents (money market securities) and short-term investments (certificate and time deposits) are recorded at amortized cost, and the respective carrying amounts approximate fair values. Short-term investments are recorded in “Prepaid and other current assets” and our investment securities are recorded in “Other Assets” on the consolidated balance sheets.
Derivative Financial Instruments
We enter into derivative