contracts are estimated using a portfolio approach in which we review all relevant promotional activities, calculating the remaining performance obligation using the average service component for the portfolio and the average device price. As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was $
41,685
, of which we expect to recognize approximately
83
% by the end of 2026, with the balance recognized thereafter.
NOTE 6. PENSION AND POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
Many of our employees are covered by one of our noncontributory pension plans. We also provide certain medical, dental, life insurance and death benefits to certain retired employees under various plans and accrue actuarially determined postretirement benefit costs. Our objective in funding these plans, in combination with the standards of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), is to accumulate assets sufficient to provide benefits described in the plans to employees upon their retirement. We do not have significant funding requirements in 2025.
We recognize actuarial gains and losses on pension and postretirement plan assets in our consolidated results as a component of “Other income (expense) – net” at our annual measurement date of December 31, unless earlier remeasurements are required.
The following table details qualified pension and postretirement benefit costs included in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The service cost component of net periodic pension (credit) cost is recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of income while the remaining components are recorded in “Other income (expense) – net.”
We also provide senior- and middle-management employees with nonqualified, unfunded supplemental retirement and savings plans. Net supplemental pension benefits costs not included in the table above were $
16
and $
17
for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
16
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
NOTE 7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND DISCLOSURE
The Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure framework in ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” provides a three-tiered fair value hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs.
The level of an asset or liability within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our valuation techniques maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.
The valuation methodologies described above may produce a fair