transactions to manage certain market risks, primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk. This includes the use of interest rate swaps, interest rate locks, foreign exchange forward contracts and combined interest rate foreign exchange contracts (cross-currency swaps). We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. We record derivatives on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value that is derived from observable market data, including yield curves and foreign exchange rates (all of our derivatives are Level 2). Cash flows associated with derivative instruments are presented in the same category on the consolidated statements of cash flows as the item being hedged.
Fair Value Hedging
Periodically, we enter into and designate fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps as fair value hedges. The purpose of these swaps is to manage interest rate risk by managing our mix of fixed-rate and floating-rate debt. These swaps involve the receipt of fixed-rate amounts for floating interest rate payments over the life of the swaps without exchange of the underlying principal amount.
We also designate most of our cross-currency swaps and foreign exchange contracts as fair value hedges. The purpose of these contracts is to hedge foreign currency risk associated with changes in spot rates on foreign denominated debt. For cross-currency hedges, we have elected to exclude the change in fair value of the swap related to both time value and cross-currency
18
AT&T INC.
MARCH 31, 2025
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - Continued
Dollars in millions except per share amounts
basis spread from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. For foreign exchange contracts, we have elected to exclude the change in fair value of forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.
Unrealized and realized gains or losses from fair value hedges impact the same category on the consolidated statements of income as the item being hedged, including the earnings impact of excluded components. In instances where we have elected to exclude components from the assessment of hedge effectiveness related to fair value hedges, unrealized gains or losses on such excluded components are recorded as a component of accumulated OCI and recognized into earnings over the life of the hedging instrument. Unrealized gains on derivatives designated as fair value hedges are recorded at fair value as assets, and unrealized losses are recorded at fair market value as liabilities. Except for excluded components, changes in the fair value of derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges are offset against the change in fair value of the hedged assets or liabilities through earnings. In the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, no ineffectiveness was measured on fair value hedges.
Cash Flow Hedging
We designate some of our cross-currency swaps as cash flow hedges to hedge our exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are