leading off-price retailer of home fashions in the U.S. Through its 943 stores, HomeGoods offers an eclectic assortment of home fashions, including furniture, rugs, lighting, soft home, decorative accessories, tabletop and cookware, as well as expanded pet and gourmet food departments. In 2017, we launched our Homesense chain in the U.S. Our 72 Homesense stores complement HomeGoods, offering a differentiated mix and expanded departments, such as large furniture, ceiling lighting, rugs, and an entertaining marketplace.
5
TJX CANADA
Our TJX Canada segment operates the Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls chains in Canada. Winners, acquired by TJX in 1990, operates 307 stores and is the leading off-price family apparel and home fashions retailer in Canada. HomeSense introduced the off-price home fashions concept to Canada in 2001. This chain operates 160 stores and offers an array of home decor, furniture, and seasonal home merchandise. Marshalls, launched in Canada in 2011, operates 109 stores and offers off-price family apparel, footwear, and home fashions.
TJX INTERNATIONAL
Our TJX International segment operates the TK Maxx and Homesense chains in Europe and the TK Maxx chain in Australia. Launched in 1994, TK Maxx introduced off-price retail to Europe and remains Europe’s largest major brick-and-mortar off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions. With 655 stores in Europe, TK Maxx operates in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Poland, Austria and the Netherlands. Through its stores and its e-commerce sites, tkmaxx.com, launched in 2009 and tkmaxx.de and tkmaxx.at, both launched in 2023, TK Maxx offers a merchandise mix similar to TJ Maxx. We brought the off-price home fashions concept to Europe, opening Homesense in the U.K. in 2008 and in Ireland in 2017. Its 75 stores offer a merchandise mix of home fashions similar to that of HomeGoods in the U.S. and HomeSense in Canada. We acquired Trade Secret in Australia in 2015 and re-branded it under the TK Maxx name during 2017. The merchandise offering at TK Maxx in Australia's 84 stores is comparable to TJ Maxx.
Flexible Business Model
Our flexible business model, including our opportunistic buying, inventory management, logistics and flexible store layouts, is designed to deliver to our customers a compelling value proposition of fashionable, quality, brand name and designer merchandise at excellent values every day. Our buying and inventory management strategies give us flexibility to adjust our merchandise assortments more frequently than traditional retailers, and the design and operation of our stores and distribution centers support this flexibility. Our buyers have more visibility into consumer, fashion and market trends and pricing when we buy closer to need, which can help us buy better and reduce our markdown exposure. Our selling floor space is flexible, without walls between departments and largely free of permanent fixtures, so we can easily expand and contract departments to accommodate the