our customers’ willingness to shop in our stores or online, and could affect our suppliers’, service providers’, or other third parties’ willingness to do business with us.
We maintain policies, procedures and controls designed to reduce the risks of cybersecurity compromises and IT failures or disruptions, but these controls vary in maturity across the business and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented by bad actors. Additionally, the logging policies, procedures and controls that we have implemented to facilitate the investigation of potential cybersecurity compromises or disruptions may be insufficient to fully investigate all such events. These policies, procedures and controls also require costly and ongoing investment in technologies, hiring, training and compliance.
14
There is also a risk of material business disruption, liability and reputational damage associated with ongoing actions intended to update, enhance, modify or replace our systems and infrastructure, including from not accurately capturing and maintaining data, not efficiently testing and implementing changes, not realizing the expected benefit of the change, not effectively managing the potential disruption of the actions and diversion of internal teams’ attention as the changes are implemented.
Our results and profitability could be adversely affected by increased labor costs, including wage, pension, health and other costs or other challenges from our large workforce.
Our Associates are key to supporting our business and operations effectively, and we expect that our operating expenses will continue to reflect increased labor costs. We have a large and disparate workforce, and our ability to meet our labor needs and manage labor costs is subject to various external factors such as minimum wage laws and benefits requirements; market pressures, including prevailing wage rates and benefit levels, unemployment levels and competition for labor from other industries; economic conditions, including inflation; changing demographics and workforce trends, including with respect to unionization and collective bargaining; costs associated with workplace health and safety; interest rate changes; actuarial assumptions and methods; the costs of providing and managing retirement, health and other employee benefits, including health and insurance costs and a dynamic regulatory and policy environment, including with respect to health care, immigration, labor, employment, pension and other employee benefits and taxes. Any of these factors could increase, and in the past have increased, our labor costs. These factors could also increase the labor or other costs of our service providers, which could be passed on to us. Conversely, failing to offer competitive wages or benefits, or to manage our workforce effectively, could adversely affect our ability to attract or retain appropriate talent sufficient to meet the needs of our business, causing our customer service to suffer,