currencies of our divisions, principally TJX Canada and TJX International. As we have not elected hedge accounting for these instruments, as defined by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), we record a mark-to-market gain or loss on the derivative instruments in our results of operations at the end of each reporting period. In subsequent periods, the income statement impact of the mark-to-market adjustment is effectively offset when the inventory being hedged is paid for. While these effects occur every reporting period, they are of much greater magnitude when there are sudden and significant changes in currency exchange rates during a short period of time. The mark-to-market adjustment on these derivatives does not affect net sales, but it does affect the cost of sales, operating margins and earnings we report.
Transactional Foreign Exchange
When discussing the impact on our results of the effect of foreign currency exchange rates on certain transactions, we refer to it as “transactional foreign exchange”. This primarily includes the impact that foreign currency exchange rates may have on the year-over-year comparison of merchandise margin as well as “foreign currency gains and losses” on transactions that are denominated in a currency other than the operating division's local currency. These two items can impact segment margin comparison of our foreign divisions and we have highlighted them when they are meaningful to understanding operating trends.
Cost of Sales, Including Buying and Occupancy Costs
Cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, as a percentage of net sales was 69.4% for fiscal 2025, a decrease of 0.6 percentage points compared to 70.0% of net sales for fiscal 2024.
The decrease in the cost of sales ratio, including buying and occupancy costs, was attributable to higher merchandise margin due to higher markon, lower freight costs and lower inventory shrink expense, partially offset by higher supply chain costs.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
SG&A expenses, as a percentage of net sales, was 19.4% for fiscal 2025, an increase of 0.1 percentage points compared to 19.3% for fiscal 2024.
The
increase
in SG&A ratio for
fiscal 2025 was due to incremental store wage and payroll costs, partially offset by a favorable year-over-year impact from a prior year reserve related to a German COVID program receivable and the year-over-year benefit from closing HomeGoods’ e-commerce business last year.
Interest (Income) Expense, net
The components of interest (income) expense, net for the last two fiscal years are summarized below:
Interest (income) expense, net increased for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 due to an increase in interest income driven by a higher average cash balance.
Provision for Income Taxes
In 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development announced an Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting including Pillar Two Model Rules defining the global