policies, procedures and other controls, consolidate and report additional data, conduct audits, train Associates and third parties on our compliance methods, or take other actions, particularly as we continue to grow globally and enter new markets, countries, or product categories and affect our operations including where, what, and how we source and how we allocate what we buy, any of which could adversely impact our results. Particularly in a dynamic regulatory environment, anticipated changes to laws and regulations have required, and are expected to continue to require, us to invest in compliance efforts or otherwise expend resources before changes are certain. There have been significant and wide-ranging reforms to federal policy and the federal government in the U.S. since the presidential administration changed at the beginning of 2025, and there is significant uncertainty regarding the impact of such reforms.
In addition, if we, or third parties that perform services on our behalf, including those operating retail businesses, fail to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards, interpretations and orders, or are unable to provide us with data or other information needed to meet our regulatory reporting obligations, we may be subject to judgments, fines or other costs or penalties, which may cause reputational harm and could adversely affect our operations and our financial results and condition.
21
Our results may be materially adversely affected by the outcomes of litigation, legal proceedings and other legal or regulatory matters.
We are involved in, and may in the future become involved in additional, legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, audits and other legal matters. These may involve inquiries, investigations, lawsuits and other proceedings by local, provincial, state and national governmental entities (in the U.S. and other countries) and private plaintiffs, including with respect to employment and employee benefits (such as classification, employment rights, discrimination, wage and hour, retaliation, and pay transparency); whistleblower claims; harassment claims; tax; securities; disclosure; real estate; environmental matters; hazardous materials and hazardous waste; tort; business practices; consumer protection; privacy/cybersecurity; product safety and compliance; advertising; and intellectual property. There continue to be employment-related and consumer protection lawsuits, including putative class actions, in the United States, and we are subject to these types of suits. We cannot predict the results of legal and regulatory proceedings with certainty, and actual results may differ from any reserves we establish estimating the probable outcome. Regardless of merit or outcome, these proceedings can be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and may cause reputational harm as well as significant expense and diversion of management attention. Legal, regulatory and other proceedings could expose us