the classification remains constant throughout that year unless a store is closed permanently or for an extended period during that fiscal year.
Comp store sales of our foreign segments are calculated on a constant currency basis. We define constant currency basis as translating the current year’s results using the prior year’s exchange rates. This removes the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, which we believe is a more appropriate measure of performance.
Comp store sales may be referred to as “same store” sales by other retail companies. The method for calculating comp store sales varies across the retail industry; therefore, our measure of comp store sales may not be comparable to that of other retail companies. Comparable store sales for a category such as home or apparel include sales from merchandise within such category combined across all divisions at the stores that fall within the Company’s definition of comparable stores for such period.
We define customer transactions to be the number of transactions in stores included in the comp store sales calculation. We define average ticket to be the average retail price of the units sold. We define average basket to be the average dollar value of transactions.
Revenues by Geography
The percentages of our consolidated revenues by geography for the last two fiscal years are as follows:
Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates
Our operating results are affected by foreign currency exchange rates as a result of changes in the value of the U.S. dollar or a division’s local currency in relation to other currencies. We specifically refer to “foreign currency” as the impact of translational foreign currency exchange and mark-to-market of inventory derivatives, as described in detail below. This does not include the impact foreign currency exchange rates can have on various transactions that are denominated in a currency other than an operating division’s local currency, which is referred to as “transactional foreign exchange,” and also described below.
Translation Foreign Exchange
In our Consolidated Financial Statements, we translate the operations of TJX Canada and TJX International from local currencies into U.S. dollars using currency rates in effect at different points in time. Significant changes in foreign exchange rates between comparable prior periods can result in meaningful variations in assets, liabilities, net sales, net income and earnings per share as well as the net sales and operating results of these segments. Currency translation generally does not affect operating margins, or affects them only slightly, as sales and expenses of the foreign operations are translated at approximately the same rates within a given period.
30
Mark-to-Market Inventory Derivatives
We routinely enter into inventory-related hedging instruments to mitigate the impact on earnings of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on merchandise purchases denominated in currencies other than the local