February 1, 2025, as described in Note J—Long-Term Debt and Credit Lines of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future.
As of February 1, 2025, we held $5.3 billion in cash. Approximately $1.4 billion of our cash was held by our foreign subsidiaries with $875 million held in countries where we intend to indefinitely reinvest any undistributed earnings. We have provided for all applicable state and foreign withholding taxes on all undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries in Canada, Puerto Rico, Italy, India, Hong Kong and Vietnam through February 1, 2025. If we repatriate cash from such subsidiaries, we should not incur additional tax expense and our cash would be reduced by the amount of withholding taxes paid.
We monitor debt financing markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may incur additional long-term indebtedness depending on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, existing economic conditions and other factors. Periodically, we have used, and in the future we may again use, operating cash flow and cash on hand to repay portions of our indebtedness, depending on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, existing economic conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors. As such, we may, from time to time, seek to retire, redeem, prepay or purchase our outstanding debt through redemptions, cash purchases, prepayments, refinancings and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. If we use our operating cash flow and/or cash on hand to repay our debt, it will reduce the amount of cash available for additional capital expenditures.
Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was $6.1 billion in both fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024. Our operating cash flows increased by $59 million compared to fiscal 2024 primarily due to a $390 million increase in net income, partially offset by a $215 million decrease in accrued expenses reflecting lower incentive compensation costs.
Investing Activities
Investing activities resulted in net cash outflows of $2.5 billion in fiscal 2025 and $1.7 billion in fiscal 2024. The cash outflows for both periods were primarily driven by capital expenditures. In addition, fiscal 2025 cash outflows include the purchase of our equity method investments related to our joint venture with Grupo Axo and a minority ownership position in BFL.
Net cash used in investing activities include capital expenditures for the last two fiscal years as set forth in the table below:
We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal
2026
will be in the range of approximately
$2.1 billion
to
$2.2 billion,
including approximat
ely $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion
for our offices and distribution centers (including information technology systems) to support growth, approximatel
y $0.9 billion
for store renovations and approximatel
y $0.2 billion
for new stores.