$1.33 per share in fiscal 2024. Cash payments for dividends on our common stock totaled $1.6 billion for fiscal 2025 and $1.5 billion for fiscal 2024. We expect to pay quarterly dividends for fiscal 2026 of $0.425 per share, or an annual dividend of $1.70 per share, subject to the declaration and approval by our Board of Directors. This would represent a 13% increase over the per share dividends declared and paid in fiscal 2025.
Contractual Obligations
See the descriptions of our financing arrangements, commitments and contingencies, and contractual obligations outlined below and within the following Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
–
See Note J—Long-Term Debt and Credit Lines of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for future payments under long-term debt arrangements (including current installments).
–
See Note L—Leases of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Operating lease liabilities exclude legally binding minimum lease payments for approximately 150 leases signed but not yet commenced and include options to extend lease terms that are now deemed reasonably certain of being exercised according to our Lease Accounting Policy. The balances do not include variable costs for insurance, real estate taxes, other operating expenses and, in some cases, rent payments based on a percentage of sales; these items totaled approximately one-third of the total minimum rent for fiscal 2025.
–
See Note M—Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities, Current and Long Term of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for long-term liabilities for which it is not reasonably possible for us to predict when they may be paid, which includes $0.7 billion for employee compensation and benefits and $0.2 billion for uncertain tax positions.
–
We also have non-cancellable purchase obligations under purchase orders for merchandise and under agreements for capital items, products and services used in our business, including executive employment and other agreements.
38
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP which requires us to make certain estimates and judgments that impact our reported results. These judgments and estimates are based on historical experience and other factors which we continually review and believe are reasonable. We consider our most critical accounting estimates, involving uncertainty requiring management estimates and judgments, to be those relating to the areas described below.
Inventory Valuation
We use the retail method for valuing inventory for all our businesses except TK Maxx in Australia. The businesses that utilize the retail method have some inventory that is initially valued at cost before the retail method is applied as it has not been fully processed for sale (i.e. inventory in transit and unprocessed inventory in our distribution centers). Under the retail method, the cost value of inventory and gross margins are determined by calculating a cost-to-