in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. We caution investors, potential investors and others not to place considerable reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q. You are encouraged to read any further disclosures we may make in our future reports to the SEC, available at www.sec.gov, on our website, or otherwise. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of these statements, even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied in such statements will not be realized. Our business is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, including those referenced above. Investors, potential investors, and others should give careful consideration to these risks and uncertainties.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
There have been no material changes in our primary risk exposures or management of market risks from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended February 3, 2024
.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
We have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 2, 2024 pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Act”). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of implementing controls and procedures.
Effective September 30, 2024, we implemented a new treasury management system to simplify and standardize our global treasury process while aimed at enhancing the control environment surrounding the Company's treasury related activities. Except as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule