as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense, interest (income) expense, net and certain separately disclosed unusual or infrequent items. “Segment profit or loss,” as defined by TJX, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities. This measure of performance should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of TJX’s performance or as a measure of liquidity.
F-21
Presented below is financial information with respect to TJX’s segments:
(a)
S
egment expenses for each reportable segment include cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. Cost of sales includes buying and occupancy costs, cost of merchandise sold, and other expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses include store payroll and benefit costs, communication costs, and other expenses. Refer to Note A - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Principles for more information on the classifications.
F-22
Segment information (continued):
(a)
Corporate identifiable assets mainly include cash and trust assets from the Executive Savings Plan and in fiscal 2025 includes the equity method investments. Consolidated cash, including that held by foreign entities, is reported with Corporate assets for consistency with segment reporting in the U.S.
(b)
Includes debt discount accretion and debt expense amortization.
Note H.
Stock Incentive Plan
TJX has a Stock Incentive Plan under which options and other share-based awards may be granted to its directors, officers and key employees. The number of shares authorized for issuance under this plan has been approved by TJX’s shareholders, and all share-based compensation awards are made under this plan. The Stock Incentive Plan, as amended with shareholder approval, has provided for the issuance of up to
723
million shares with
39
million
shares available for future grants as of February 1, 2025. TJX issues shares under the plan from authorized but unissued common stock.
Total compensation cost related to share-based compensation was $
183
million, $
160
million and $
122
million in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of February 1, 2025, there was $
232
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
2
years.
Stock Options
Options for the purchase of common stock are granted with an exercise price that is
100
% of market price on the grant date, generally vest in thirds over a
3-year
period starting
1
year after the grant, and have a
10-year
maximum term. When options are granted with other vesting terms, the vesting information is reflected in the valuation.
F-23
The fair value of options is estimated as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:
The risk-free interest rate is for