amounts outstanding on the Canadian credit line and
no
amounts outstanding on the European credit line.
Note K.
Income Taxes
In 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development announced an Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting including Pillar Two Model Rules defining the global minimum tax, which calls for the taxation of large multinational corporations at a minimum rate of 15%. Subsequently multiple sets of administrative guidance have been issued. Many non-US tax jurisdictions have either recently enacted legislation to adopt certain components of the Pillar Two Model Rules beginning in 2024 with the adoption of additional components in later years or announced their plans to enact legislation in future years. Considering TJX does not have material operations in jurisdictions with tax rates lower than the Pillar Two minimum, these rules did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements for fiscal 2025 and are not expected to materially increase global tax costs. There remains uncertainty as to the final Pillar Two model rules. The Company is continuing to evaluate the impacts of enacted legislation and pending legislation to enact Pillar Two Model Rules in the non-US tax jurisdictions in which TJX operates.
For financial reporting purposes, components of income before income taxes are as follows:
F-31
The provision for income taxes includes the following:
TJX had net deferred tax (liabilities) assets as follows:
TJX has provided for all applicable state and foreign withholding taxes on all undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries in Canada, Puerto Rico, Italy, India, Hong Kong and Vietnam through February 1, 2025. The Company has not provided for federal, state, or foreign withholding taxes on the approximately $
1.6
billion of undistributed earnings related to all other foreign subsidiaries as such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested in the business. The net amount of unrecognized state and foreign withholding tax liabilities related to the undistributed earnings is not material.
F-32
As of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, for state income tax purposes, TJX had net operating loss carryforwards of $
225
million and $
318
million respectively. Of that amount, $
13
million can be carried forward indefinitely and $
212
million will expire, if unused, in the years 2031 through 2045. TJX has analyzed the realization of the state net operating loss carryforwards on an individual state basis. For those states where the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the state net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized, a valuation allowance of $
1
million has been provided for the deferred tax asset as of February 1, 2025 and $
1
million as of February 3, 2024.
The Company had available for foreign income tax purposes (related to Australia, Austria, Germany, the Netherlands and the U.K.) net operating loss carryforwards of $
338
million as