shipping costs as part of its fulfillment center costs within operating expenditures. As a result, shipping fee revenues received are recognized when control of the goods transfer to the customer and are recorded as net sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred by TJX are included in cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs. TJX disaggregates revenue by segment, see Note G—Segment Information.
Deferred Gift Card Revenue
Proceeds from the sale of gift cards as well as the value of store cards issued to customers as a result of a return or exchange are deferred until the customers use the cards to acquire merchandise, as TJX does not fulfill its performance obligation until the gift card has been redeemed. While gift cards have an indefinite life, substantially all are redeemed in the first year of issuance.
F-9
The following table presents deferred gift card revenue activity:
In addition to the deferred gift card activity presented in the table above, TJX recognized approximately $
1.9
billion in fiscal 2023. Gift cards are combined in one homogeneous pool and are not separately identifiable. As such, the revenue recognized consists of gift cards that were part of the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period as well as gift cards that were issued during the period. Based on historical experience, the Company estimates the amount of gift cards and store cards that will not be redeemed (referred to as breakage) and, to the extent allowed by local law, these amounts are amortized into income over the estimated redemption period. Revenue recognized from breakage was $
38
million in fiscal 2025, $
36
million in fiscal 2024 and $
44
million in fiscal 2023.
Sales Return Reserve
The Company's products are generally sold with a right of return and the Company may provide other credits or incentives, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. The Company has elected to apply the portfolio practical expedient. The Company estimates the variable consideration using the expected value method when calculating the returns reserve because the difference in applying it to the individual contract would not differ materially. Returns are estimated based on historical experience and are required to be established and presented at the gross sales value with an asset established for the estimated value of the merchandise returned separately from the refund liability. Liabilities for return allowances are included in “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities” and the estimated value of the merchandise to be returned is included in “Prepaid expenses and other current assets” on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Consolidated Statements of Income Classifications
Cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, includes the cost of merchandise sold including foreign currency gains and losses on merchandise purchases denominated in other currencies; gains and losses on