(referred to as “TJX” or “the Company”) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and include the Consolidated Financial Statements of all of TJX’s subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned. All of the Company's activities are conducted by TJX or its subsidiaries and are consolidated in these Consolidated Financial Statements. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments for which the Company exercises significant influence but does not have control are accounted for under the equity method.
Fiscal Year
TJX’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to the last day of January of each year. The fiscal year ended February 1, 2025 (“fiscal 2025”) is a 52-week fiscal year. The fiscal year ended February 3, 2024 (“fiscal 2024”) was a 53-week fiscal year, and the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 (“fiscal 2023”) was a 52-week fiscal year. Fiscal 2026 will be a 52-week fiscal year and will end January 31, 2026.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. TJX considers its accounting policies relating to inventory valuation, reserves for uncertain tax positions and loss contingencies to be the most significant accounting policies that involve management estimates and judgments. Actual amounts could differ from these estimates, and such differences could be material.
Summary of Accounting Policies
Revenue Recognition
Net Sales
Net sales consist primarily of merchandise sales, which are recorded net of a reserve for estimated returns, any discounts and sales taxes, for the sales of merchandise both within TJX’s stores and online. Net sales also include an immaterial amount of other revenues that represent less than
1
% of total revenues, including revenue generated by the TJX-branded credit card program. In addition, certain customers, primarily Associates, may receive discounts that are accounted for as consideration reducing the transaction price. Merchandise sales from TJX’s stores are recognized at the point of sale when TJX provides the merchandise to the customer. The performance obligation is fulfilled at this point when the customer has obtained control by paying for and leaving with the merchandise. Merchandise sales made online are recognized when the product has been shipped, which is when legal title has passed and when TJX is entitled to payment, and the customer has obtained the ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the goods. Shipping and handling activities related to online sales occur after the customer obtains control of the goods. TJX’s policy is to treat