minimum tax, which calls for the taxation of large multinational corporations at a minimum rate of 15%. Subsequently multiple sets of administrative guidance have been issued. Many non-US tax jurisdictions have either recently enacted legislation to adopt certain components of the Pillar Two Model Rules beginning in 2024 with the adoption of additional components in later years or announced their plans to enact legislation in future years. These rules did not have a material impact on our financial statements for fiscal 2025 and did not materially increase our global tax costs on our fiscal 2025 financial statements. There remains uncertainty as to the final Pillar Two model rules. We are continuing to evaluate the impacts of enacted legislation and pending legislation to enact Pillar Two Model Rules in the non-US tax jurisdictions in which we operate.
31
The effective income tax rate was 25.0% for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024. There were no significant changes to our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2025, compared to fiscal 2024.
Net Income and Diluted Earnings Per Share
Net income was $4.9 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to $4.5 billion in fiscal 2024. Diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2025 were $4.26 compared to $3.86 in fiscal 2024, which included an estimated benefit of $0.10 per share from the 53rd week in fiscal 2024. Foreign currency had a $0.01 positive impact on diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2025 compared to a neutral impact on diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2024.
Segment Information
We operate four segments. In the United States, our Marmaxx segment operates TJ Maxx, Marshalls, tjmaxx.com and marshalls.com and our HomeGoods segment operates HomeGoods and Homesense. Our TJX Canada segment operates Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada, and our TJX International segment operates TK Maxx, Homesense, tkmaxx.com, tkmaxx.de, and tkmaxx.at in Europe and TK Maxx in Australia. In addition to our four segments, Sierra operates retail stores and sierra.com in the U.S. The results of Sierra are included in the Marmaxx segment.
We evaluate the performance of our segments based on “segment profit or loss,” which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense and interest (income) expense, net, and certain separately disclosed unusual or infrequent items. “Segment profit or loss,” as we define the term, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The terms “segment margin” or “segment profit margin” are used to describe segment profit or loss as a percentage of net sales. These measures of performance should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flows from operating activities, as an indicator of our performance or as a measure of liquidity.
Presented below is selected financial information related to our segments.
32
U.S. SEGMENTS
Marmaxx
Net Sales
Net sales for Marmaxx were $34.6 billion for fiscal 2025, an increase of 4% compared to $33.4 billion for