final resolution of tax examinations, judicial or administrative proceedings, changes in facts or law, expirations of statutes of limitations in specific jurisdictions or other resolutions of, or changes in, tax positions, it is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits for certain tax positions taken on previously filed tax returns may change materially from those represented on the Consolidated Financial Statements as of November 2, 2024. During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that tax audit resolutions may reduce unrecognized tax benefits by up to $
23
million, which would reduce the provision for taxes on earnings.
Note K.
Contingent Obligations, Contingencies, and Commitments
Contingent Contractual Obligations
TJX is a party to various agreements under which it may be obligated to indemnify the other party with respect to certain losses related to matters including title to assets sold, specified environmental matters or certain income taxes. These obligations are sometimes limited in time or amount. There are no amounts reflected in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets with respect to these contingent obligations.
Legal Contingencies
TJX is subject to certain legal proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. TJX has accrued immaterial amounts in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for certain of its legal proceedings.
21
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The Thirteen Weeks (third quarter) and Thirty-Nine Weeks (nine months) Ended November 2, 2024
Compared to
The Thirteen Weeks (third quarter) and Thirty-Nine Weeks (nine months) Ended October 28, 2023
OVERVIEW
We are the leading off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the U.S. and worldwide. Our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day. We do this by selling a rapidly changing assortment of apparel, home fashions and other merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers’ (including department, specialty and major online retailers) regular prices on comparable merchandise, every day through our stores
and six e-commerce sites
. We opera
te over
5,000 stores through our four main segments: in the U.S., Marmaxx (which operates TJ Maxx, Marshalls, tjmaxx.com and marshalls.com) and HomeGoods (which operates HomeGoods and Homesense); TJX Canada (which operates Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada); and TJX International (which operates TK Maxx, Homesense, tkmaxx.com, tkmaxx.de, and tkmaxx.at in Europe, and TK Maxx in Australia). In addition to our four main segments, Sierra operates retail stores and sierra.com in the U.S. The results of Sierra are included in the Marmaxx segment.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
As an overview of our financial performance, results for the quarter ended November 2, 2024 include the following:
–
Net sales increased 6% to $14.1 billion for the third