or brands that are licensed to us. We develop some of this merchandise ourselves, which allows us to supplement the depth of, or fill gaps in, our expected merchandise assortment. Collectively, these represent a small percentage of our product/merchandise mix.
6
Manufacturers, retailers and other vendors made up our expansive and changing universe of more than 21,000 vendors across the globe, including thousands of new vendors in fiscal 2025, which provides us substantial and diversified access to merchandise. We have not experienced difficulty in obtaining sufficient quality merchandise for our business in either favorable or difficult retail environments and expect this will continue should we meet or exceed our plans for growth. We believe a number of factors provide us excellent access on an ongoing basis to leading branded merchandise and make us an attractive channel for many vendors in the market. We are typically willing to purchase less-than-full assortments of items, styles and sizes as well as quantities ranging from small to very large; we are able to disperse merchandise across our geographically diverse network of store
s and to target specific markets; we pay promptly according to our payment terms; our practice is to not ask for typical retail concessions (such as advertising, promotional and markdown allowances), delivery concessions (such as drop shipments to stores or delayed deliveries) or performance-based return privileges; and we have an excellent credit rating.
Inventory Management
We offer our customers a rapidly changing selection of merchandise to create a treasure hunt experience in our stores and to encourage frequent customer visits. To achieve this, we seek to turn the inventory in our stores rapidly, regularly offering fresh selections of apparel and home fashions at excellent values. Our specialized inventory planning, purchasing, monitoring and markdown systems, coupled with distribution center storage, processing, handling and shipping systems, enable us to tailor the merchandise in our stores to local preferences and demographics, achieve rapid in-store inventory turnover on a vast array of products and generally sell through most merchandise within the period we planned. We make pricing, markdown and store inventory decisions centrally, using information provided by specialized computer systems designed to move inventory through our stores in a timely and disciplined manner. We invest in our supply chain with the goal of continuing to operate with low inventory levels, to ship more efficiently and quickly, and to more precisely and effectively allocate merchandise to each store.
Pricing
Our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day. We do this by offering quality, fashionable, brand name and designer merchandise in our stores with retail prices that are generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers’ (including department, specialty, and major online retailers) regular prices on comparable