markdowns on excess or slow-moving inventory, or we may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, either of which could impact sales in a way that could adversely affect our financial performance.
In addition to the above factors, a variety of external factors have impacted, and may continue to impact, execution of our opportunistic buying strategy and inventory management. In the past, our ability to allocate, deliver and maintain our preferred mix and level of inventory has been impacted by temporary store closures, inflationary pressures, global supply chain disruptions and other challenges as a result of external events.
Failure to identify consumer trends and preferences, or to otherwise meet customer demand or expectations, in new or existing markets or channels could negatively impact our performance.
As our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand and expectations, we seek to identify consumer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis and to offer inventory and shopping experiences that meet those trends and preferences. However, we may not do so effectively and/or in a timely manner across our diverse merchandise categories and in each of the many markets in which we do business. Trends and preferences in markets may differ from what we anticipate and could change rapidly. Although our business model allows us greater flexibility to meet consumer product preferences and trends than many traditional retailers (for example, by expanding and contracting merchandise categories in response to consumers’ changing tastes), we may not successfully do so, which could impact inventory turns, customer transactions and sales, and may have a negative impact on our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and/or encourage frequent customer visits and/or cross-shopping of our multiple retail banners, any of which could adversely affect our results.
Customers also may have expectations about how they shop in stores or through e-commerce or more generally engage with businesses across different channels (including digital/social media platforms). These expectations may vary both across and within demographics and geographies and may evolve rapidly or be impacted by external factors. For example, changes to our store layout or security protocols may impact the shopping experience and customer transactions. Similarly, platforms that help consumers engage with our brands may change in meaningful ways, negatively impacting the consumer experience and reducing or eliminating benefits to us from that channel. Meeting customers’ expectations effectively generally involves identifying the right opportunities, balancing them with potential risks and making the right investments at the right time, on the right scale and with the right speed, among other things, and failure to do so effectively may impact our business and financial results.
11
We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete