segment. The Company’s goodwill also includes the excess of cost over the estimated fair market value of the net assets acquired by TJX in the purchase of Winners in fiscal 1991, included in TJX Canada, as well as the purchase of Trade Secret in fiscal 2016, which was re-branded under the TK Maxx name during fiscal 2018 and is included in TJX International.
The following is a roll forward of goodwill by segment:
Goodwill is considered to have an indefinite life and accordingly is not amortized.
Tradenames, which are included in other assets, are the value assigned to the name “Marshalls,” acquired by TJX in fiscal 1996 as part of the acquisition of the Marshalls chain, the value assigned to the name “Sierra Trading Post,” acquired by TJX in fiscal 2013 and the value assigned to the name “Trade Secret,” acquired by TJX in fiscal 2016. The tradenames were valued utilizing the relief from royalty method, which calculates the discounted present value of assumed after-tax royalty payments. The Marshalls tradename is considered to have an indefinite life and accordingly is not amortized.
F-12
The following is a roll forward of tradenames:
TJX occasionally acquires or licenses other trademarks to be used in connection with private label merchandise. Such trademarks are included in other assets and are amortized to cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, over their useful life, generally from
7
to
10
years.
Goodwill, tradenames and trademarks, and the related accumulated amortization or impairment if any, are included in the respective segment to which they relate.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Tradenames
TJX evaluates long-lived assets, including tradenames that are amortized and operating lease right of use assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. This evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows which are largely independent of other groups of assets, generally at the individual store level for fixed assets and operating lease right of use assets, and at the reporting unit for tradenames that are amortized. If indicators of impairment are identified, an undiscounted cash flow analysis is performed to determine if the carrying value of the asset or asset group is recoverable. If the cash flow is less than the carrying value then an impairment charge will be recorded to the extent the fair value of an asset or asset group is less than the carrying value of that asset or asset group. This resulted in immaterial impairment charges on operating lease ROU assets and store fixed assets in fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023
.
There were
no
impairments related to tradenames in fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, or fiscal 2023.
Goodwill and indefinite life tradenames are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred and at least annually in the fourth quarter