that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of merchandise, and our buying organization’s ability to execute our merchandise sourcing model to offset the effects of the tariffs. Further, actions we take to adapt to new tariffs or trade restrictions may increase risk or may cause us to modify our operations, which could be time-consuming and expensive; impact pricing of our merchandise, which could impact our sales, profitability, and our reputation as a value retailer; or cause us to forgo business opportunities.
Changes in economic conditions, on a global level or in particular markets, may adversely affect our sources of liquidity and costs of capital and increase our financial exposure, and our strategies for managing these financial risks may not be effective or sufficient.
Global financial markets can experience volatility, disruption and credit contraction, which could adversely affect global economic conditions. Changes in economic conditions could adversely affect sources of liquidity available to us or our costs of capital, including through capital markets. In particular, prolonged volatility or significant disruption of global financial markets relating to the financial and regulatory environment; interest rate increases following a period of low interest rates; geopolitical conflict; and disruptions impacting traditional banking, could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital markets and other funding sources, on acceptable terms or at all, and impede our ability to comply with debt covenants. In addition, changes in economic conditions could adversely affect plan asset values and investment performance and increase our pension liabilities, expenses and funding requirements and other related financial exposure with respect to company-sponsored and multiemployer pension plans. We rely on banks and other financial institutions to safeguard and allow ready access to assets such as cash and cash equivalents. Our strategies for managing these financial risks and exposures may not be effective or sufficient or may expose us to risk.
19
Our results may be adversely affected by severe or unseasonable adverse weather, serious disruptions, catastrophic events or public health crises.
Natural or other disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, wildfires, earthquakes and other extreme weather; climate conditions, which have recently been increasing in severity and frequency; public health issues, such as pandemics and epidemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic); fires or explosions; acts of war or conflict (such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the ongoing conflict in the Middle East and shipping disruptions in the Red Sea and surrounding waterways); domestic or foreign terrorism or other acts of violence (including riots or active shooter situations); or cyberterrorism, nation-state cyber-attacks, or other cyber events could disrupt our operations and/or have an adverse effect on our results of