model differentiate us from traditional retailers. We offer a treasure hunt shopping experience and a rapid turn of inventories relative to traditional retailers. Our goal is to create a sense of excitement and urgency for our customers and encourage frequent customer visits. We acquire merchandise in a variety of ways to support that goal. We reach a broad range of customers across income levels with our value proposition on a wide range of items. Our strategies and operations are synergistic across our retail chains. As a result, we are able to leverage our expertise throughout our business, sharing information, best practices, initiatives and new ideas, and to develop talent across our company. Further, we can leverage the substantial buying power of our businesses with our global vendor relationships.
In this report, fiscal 2025 means the 52-week fiscal year ended February 1, 2025; fiscal 2024 means the 53-week fiscal year ended February 3, 2024 and fiscal 2023 means the 52-week fiscal year ended January 28, 2023. Fiscal 2026 means the 52-week fiscal year ending January 31, 2026. Unless otherwise indicated, all store information in this Item 1 is as of February 1, 2025, and references to store square footage are to gross square feet.
Our Businesses
We operate our business in four segments: Marmaxx and HomeGoods, both in the U.S., TJX Canada and TJX International, including Europe and Australia. In addition to our four segments, we operate the Sierra business. The results of Sierra are included with the Marmaxx segment.
MARMAXX
Our TJ Maxx and Marshalls chains in the United States (“Marmaxx”) are collectively the largest off-price retailer in the United States with a total of 2,563 stores. We founded TJ Maxx in 1976 and acquired Marshalls in 1995. Both chains sell family apparel (including footwear), accessories (including beauty and jewelry), home fashions (including home basics, decorative accessories and giftware), and other merchandise. We primarily differentiate TJ Maxx and Marshalls through different product assortment, including an expanded assortment of jewelry and accessories and a high-end designer department called The Runway at TJ Maxx and a full line of footwear and a broader men’s offering at Marshalls, as well as varying in-store initiatives. This differentiated shopping experience at TJ Maxx and Marshalls encourages our customers to shop both chains. Marmaxx currently operates two e-commerce sites, tjmaxx.com, launched in 2013, and marshalls.com, launched in 2019.
Sierra, acquired in 2012 and rebranded from Sierra Trading Post in 2018, is a leading off-price retailer of brand name active and outdoor apparel, footwear, and gear (including sporting goods, snow and water sport, camping, fishing) for the whole family, as well as home fashions and pet. Sierra operates 117 retail stores in the U.S. and sierra.com.
HOMEGOODS
Our HomeGoods segment operates HomeGoods and Homesense chains in the U.S. HomeGoods, introduced in 1992, is the