of each fiscal year. Goodwill is tested for impairment by using a quantitative assessment by comparing the carrying value of the related reporting unit to its fair value. An impairment exists when this analysis, using typical valuation models such as the discounted cash flow method, shows that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit. The Company may assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including goodwill. The assessment of qualitative factors is optional and at the Company’s discretion. Indefinite life tradenames are tested for impairment by comparing their carrying value to their fair value, which is determined by calculating the discounted present value of assumed after-tax royalty payments. In fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Company bypassed the qualitative assessment and performed the quantitative impairment test.
There were
no
impairments related to the Company’s goodwill or indefinite life tradenames in fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, or fiscal 2023.
Advertising Costs
TJX expenses advertising costs as incurred.
Advertising expense was $
617
million for fiscal 2025, $
573
million for fiscal 2024 and $
507
million for fiscal 2023.
Foreign Currency Translation
TJX’s foreign assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at fiscal year-end exchange rates with resulting translation gains and losses included in shareholders’ equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income. Activity of the foreign operations that affect the Consolidated Statements of Income and Cash Flows is translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the fiscal year.
Loss Contingencies
TJX records a reserve for loss contingencies when it is both probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. TJX evaluates pending litigation and other contingencies at least quarterly and adjusts the reserve for such contingencies for changes in probable and reasonably estimable losses. TJX includes an estimate for related legal costs at the time such costs are both probable and reasonably estimable.
F-13
Equity Investments
Multibrand Outlet Stores
During fiscal 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement for a joint venture with Grupo Axo, S.A.P.I de C.V. (“Axo”) to hold a
49
% ownership stake in Multibrand Outlet Stores S.A.P.I. de C.V. (“MOS”), which operates off-price, physical store businesses in Mexico and includes a total of over
200
stores for its Promoda, Reduced, and Urban Store banners. TJX has the option to increase its ownership interest in the joint venture over the long term. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, TJX completed this investment for $
193
million, which includes a purchase price of $
179
million and acquisition costs of $
14
million. This investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and