potentially impacting consumers’ desire to shop our stores, among other things, and causing our financial performance to suffer.
Additionally, many Associates in our distribution centers in the United States and Canada are members of unions, and other Associates are members of works councils in Europe. We are subject to the risk of labor actions or disruptions of various kinds, including work stoppages and decreased flexibility as a result of labor law limitations. We are subject to risks and potential material expenses associated with multiemployer plans, including from pension plan underfunding, benefit cuts, increased contribution or funding requirements, changes in plan terms, withdrawal liability, increased premium costs, conditions imposed under any governmental assistance programs or the insolvency of other participating employers or governmental insurance programs. Other portions of our workforce, including, for example, Associates who work in our U.S. stores, which makes up the largest portion of our workforce, may become unionized, which may subject us to additional requirements, expectations, actions or expense.
Failure to employ qualified Associates in appropriate numbers and to retain key Associates and management could adversely affect our performance.
We need to employ a large number of capable, engaged Associates for our stores and distribution centers and for other areas of our business. We must constantly recruit new Associates to fill entry level and part-time positions, which have high rates of turnover, and at certain times must hire sufficient numbers of seasonal talent. The availability and skill of Associates may differ across markets in which we do business and in new markets we enter, and we may be unable to meet or manage our labor needs effectively. In addition, we have faced and may continue to face additional challenges in recruiting or retaining sufficient talent due to shifts in the labor market, wage pressures and competition, flexible scheduling needs and health and safety concerns, among other factors. We have faced and may continue to face challenges in engaging, overseeing and training Associates with remote or hybrid work arrangements. We also have faced and may continue to face potential challenges relating to Associates’ willingness or ability to staff our stores and distribution centers or otherwise continue employment as a result of economic pressures, health and safety concerns or otherwise.
Our performance also depends on recruiting, hiring, developing, training and retaining talented Associates in key areas such as buying, information technology functions, and other corporate areas. Similar to other retailers, we face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition for talent in the retail industry, from other industries and in various geographic markets. In addition, because of the distinctive nature of our off-price