not expected to be available in time to be recorded in the concurrent period. We do not expect these investments to have a material impact on our fiscal 2025 results.
Recent Events and Trends
Global Economic Conditions and Industry Trends
We continue to closely monitor changes in international trade relations, economic and monetary policies, or legislation and regulations including those related to tariffs on imports from China and other countries, which could adversely impact the global economy and our operating results. In particular, the potential impact on our direct imports, vendor and competitor pricing, consumer demand and tariff pass-throughs remains uncertain.
Operating Results as a Percentage of Net Sales
The following table sets forth our consolidated operating results as a percentage of net sales:
*
Figures may not foot due to rounding.
Net Sales
Net sales for the quarter ended November 2, 2024 totaled $14.1 billion, a 6% increase versus third quarter fiscal 2024 net sales of $13.3 billion. This increase reflects a 3% increase in comp store sales, a 2% increase from non-comp store sales and a 1% positive foreign currency exchange rate impact. Net sales from our e-commerce sites combined amounted to less than 2% of total sales for each of the third quarters of fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024.
Net sales for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 totaled $40.0 billion, a 6% increase versus net sales of $37.8 billion for the first nine months fiscal 2024. This increase reflects a 3% increase in comp store sales, a 3% increase from non-comp store sales and a neutral foreign currency exchange rate impact. Net sales from our e-commerce sites combined amounted to less than 2% of total sales for each of the first nine months of fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024.
Comp store sales increased 3% for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 and increased 6% for the third quarter of fiscal 2024. Comp store sales increased 3% for the first nine months of fiscal 2025 and increased 5% for the first nine months of fiscal 2024. While both home comp store sales growth (as defined below) and apparel comp store sales growth (as defined below) were positive, home comp store sales growth outperformed apparel comp store sales growth for both the third quarter and the first nine months of fiscal 2025. Comp store sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 were driven by an increase in customer transactions, partially offset by a decrease in average basket. Comp store sales for the first nine months of fiscal 2025 were driven by an increase in customer transactions.
As of November 2, 2024, both our store count and selling square footage increased 2% compared to the end of the third quarter last year.
Definition of Comparable Store Sales
We define comparable store sales, or comp store sales, to be sales of stores that have been in operation for all or a portion of two consecutive fiscal years, or, in other words, stores that are starting their third fiscal year of operation. We