the three months ended November 2, 2024 and $
243
million for the three months ended October 28, 2023. Depreciation expense was $
791
million for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 and $
707
million for the nine months ended October 28, 2023.
Non-cash investing activities consist of accrued capital additions of $
199
million and $
168
million as of the periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively.
Note C.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income
Amounts included in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income are recorded net of taxes.
The following table details the changes in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for the twelve months ended February 3, 2024 and the nine months ended November 2, 2024:
Note D.
Capital Stock and Earnings Per Share
Capital Stock
In February 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved a new stock repurchase program that authorizes the repurchase of up to an additional $
2.5
billion of TJX common stock from time to time. Under this program, TJX had approximately $
1.9
billion available for repurchase as of November 2, 2024.
11
The following table provides share repurchases, excluding applicable excise tax:
(a) Prior year amounts are recast to conform with current year presentation and exclude applicable excise tax.
All shares repurchased under the stock repurchase programs have been retired. These expenditures were funded by cash generated from operations.
Earnings Per Share
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share:
The weighted average common shares for the diluted earnings per share calculation excludes the impact of outstanding stock options if the assumed proceeds per share of the option is in excess of the average price of TJX’s common stock for the related fiscal periods. Such options are excluded because they would have an antidilutive effect. There were
4
million options excluded for the thirteen weeks and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024. There were
5
million such options excluded for the thirteen weeks and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023.
Note E.
Financial Instruments
As a result of its operating and financing activities, TJX is exposed to market risks from changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates and fuel costs. These market risks may adversely affect TJX’s operating results and financial position. TJX seeks to minimize risk from changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates and fuel costs through the use of derivative financial instruments when and to the extent deemed appropriate. TJX does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes and does not use any leveraged derivative financial instruments. TJX recognizes all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and measures those instruments at fair value. The fair values of the derivatives are classified as assets or