Factors
The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. The risks listed below are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, are potentially material to our business and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that we are not aware of or that we currently believe are immaterial, and factors besides the ones discussed below, that could adversely affect our business.
OPERATIONAL AND STRATEGIC RISKS
Failure to execute our opportunistic buying strategy and successfully manage our inventory could adversely affect our results.
Key elements of our off-price business strategy, including opportunistic buying, operating with relatively lean inventory levels and frequent inventory turns, subject us to risks. Our customer transactions and our sales, margins and other financial results could be adversely affected if we do not obtain and allocate the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices, in the right mix and into the right stores.
Our opportunistic buying strategy places considerable discretion with our merchants. They typically buy throughout the year, with much of our merchandise purchased for the current or immediately upcoming season. Our merchants are expected to react effectively to rapidly changing opportunities and trends in the market, to assess the desirability and value of merchandise and to generally make determinations of what and how we source, as well as when and from where we source it.
If they do not make assessments accurately or otherwise cannot execute our strategy in an effective or timely way, our customer transactions and our sales, margins and other financial results could be adversely affected. If our merchandise is not generally purchased at prices sufficiently below prices paid by conventional retailers, we may not be able to maintain our desired value gap at various times or in some segments, banners, product categories or geographies, which could also affect our sales, margins and other financial results.
In addition, to respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns, we need to allocate and deliver merchandise to our stores appropriately, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store and be flexible in our allocation of floor space at our stores across product categories. We also base our inventory purchases, in part, on our sales forecasts. If our sales forecasts fail to predict customer demand with sufficient accuracy, or we do not allocate and deliver merchandise to stores, maintain inventory mix and levels, or maintain flexibility in our allocation of floor space  across product categories effectively, we may have higher inventory levels than we planned and may need to take