year-over-year impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2024. The increase in comp store sales was driven by an increase in customer transactions.
Segment Profit Margin
Segment profit margin decreased to 13.5% for fiscal 2025 compared to a segment profit margin of 14.2% for fiscal 2024. The decrease for fiscal 2025 was primarily driven by incremental store wage and payroll costs, third-party supply chain exit costs this year, and the unfavorable year-over-year impact related to an insurance claim recovery last year.
In fiscal 2026, we expect to open 12 new stores in Canada, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%.
35
TJX International
Net Sales
Net sales for TJX International were $7.2 billion for fiscal 2025, an increase of 6% compared to $6.8 billion for fiscal 2024. The increase in net sales reflects a 4% increase in comp store sales, a 3% increase from non-comp store sales and a positive foreign currency exchange rate impact of 1%, partially offset by a negative 2% estimated year-over-year impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2024. The increase in comp store sales was driven by an increase in customer transactions.
E-commerce sales represented less than 4% of TJX International’s net sales for both fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024.
Segment Profit Margin
Segment profit margin increased to 5.9% for fiscal 2025 compared to a segment profit margin of 4.9% for fiscal 2024. This increase was due to higher merchandise margin, a favorable year-over-year impact from a prior year reserve related to a German COVID program receivable, partially offset by incremental store wage costs. Merchandise margin reflects higher markon and lower markdowns.
In fiscal 2026, we expect to open 22 net new stores in Europe and 6 new stores in Australia, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 3%.
GENERAL CORPORATE EXPENSE
General corporate expense for segment reporting purposes represents those costs not specifically related to the operations of our segments. General corporate expenses are primarily included in SG&A expenses. The mark-to-market adjustment of our fuel and inventory hedges is included in cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs.
The increase in general corporate expense for fiscal 2025 was primarily driven by other administrative costs and share-based compensation costs, partially offset by the favorable year-over-year impacts related to the mark-to-market adjustments on inventory hedges.
36
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. As of February 1, 2025, there were no short-term bank borrowings or commercial paper outstanding. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds and our credit facilities, under which facilities we have $1.5 billion available as of the period ended