are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future.
As of November 2, 2024, we held $4.7 billion in cash. Approximately $1.7 billion of our cash was held by our foreign subsidiaries with $956 million held in countries where we intend to indefinitely reinvest any undistributed earnings. We have provided for all applicable state and foreign withholding taxes on all undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries in Canada, Puerto Rico, Italy, India, Hong Kong and Vietnam through November 2, 2024. If we repatriate cash from such subsidiaries, we should not incur additional tax expense and our cash would be reduced by the amount of withholding taxes paid.
We monitor debt financing markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may incur additional long-term indebtedness depending on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, existing economic conditions and other factors. Periodically, we have used, and in the future we may again use, operating cash flow and cash on hand to repay portions of our indebtedness, depending on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, existing economic conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors. As such, we may, from time to time, seek to retire, redeem, prepay or purchase our outstanding debt through redemptions, cash purchases, prepayments, refinancings and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. If we use our operating cash flow and/or cash on hand to repay our debt, it will reduce the amount of cash available for additional capital expenditures.
Operating Activities
Operating activities resulted in net cash inflows of $3.4 billion for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 and net cash inflows of $3.3 billion for the nine months ended October 28, 2023.
Operating cash flows increased $155 million compared to fiscal 2024 primarily due to a $395 million increase in net income, partially offset by a $246 million decrease in accrued expenses primarily due to incentive compensation costs.
Investing Activities
Investing activities resulted in net cash outflows of $1.6 billion for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 and $1.3 billion for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The cash outflows for both periods were driven by capital expenditures. In addition, the first nine months of fiscal 2025 includes the purchase of an equity method investment.
Capital expenditures in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 primarily reflected store improvements and renovations, investments in our new stores, as well as investments in our distribution centers and offices, including information technology. We anticipate that capital spending for the full
fiscal year 2025 will be approximately $2.0 billion to $2.1 billion
.
31
On June 7, 2024, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement for a joint venture with Axo to hold a 49% ownership stake in MOS, Axo’s off-price, physical store business in Mexico. We