increase in non-comp store sales.
Net sales for TJX International were $5.1 billion for the first nine months of fiscal 2025, an increase of 9%, compared to $4.7 billion for the first nine months of fiscal 2024. This increase in the first nine months reflects a 4% increase in comp store sales, a 3% increase in non-comp store sales and a positive foreign currency exchange rate impact of 2%.
The increase in comp store sales for both the third quarter and first nine months was driven by an increase in customer transactions.
E-commerce sales represented less than 4% of TJX International’s net sales for both the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024.
Segment Profit Margin
Segment profit margin increased to 7.3% for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 compared to 5.4% for the same period last year. This increase for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 was primarily due to favorable occupancy costs, the favorable impact of transactional foreign exchange, and expense leverage on the higher comp store sales.
Segment profit margin increased to 5.3% for the first nine months of fiscal 2025 compared to 3.4% for the same period last year. This increase for the first nine months of fiscal 2025 was due to a favorable year-over-year impact from a prior year reserve related to a German COVID program receivable, higher merchandise margin and favorable occupancy costs, partially offset by incremental store wage. Merchandise margin reflects higher markon and lower markdowns.
30
GENERAL CORPORATE EXPENSE
General corporate expense for segment reporting purposes represents those costs not specifically related to the operations of our business segments. General corporate expenses are primarily included in SG&A expenses. The mark-to-market adjustment of our fuel and inventory hedges is included in cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs.
The increase in general corporate expense for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 was primarily driven by unfavorable year-over-year impacts related to the mark-to-market adjustments on inventory hedges.
The increase in general corporate expense for the first nine months of fiscal 2025 was primarily driven by higher other administrative costs and the unfavorable year-over-year impacts related to the mark-to-market adjustments on inventory hedges and fuel hedges.
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. As of November 2, 2024, there were no short-term bank borrowings or commercial paper outstanding. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds and our credit facilities, under which facilities we have $1.5 billion available as of the period ended November 2, 2024, as described in Note I—Long-Term Debt and Credit Lines of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,