or pricing services but does assess the credit risk of counterparties and will adjust final valuations when appropriate. Where independent pricing services provide fair values, TJX obtains an understanding of the methods used in pricing. As such, these instruments are classified within Level 2.
The fair value of TJX’s general corporate debt was estimated by obtaining market quotes given the trading levels of other bonds of the same general issuer type and market perceived credit quality. These inputs are considered to be Level 2 inputs. These estimates do not necessarily reflect provisions or restrictions in the various debt agreements that might affect TJX’s ability to settle these obligations.
The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value estimates of the Company’s components of long-term debt:
For additional information on long-term debt, see Note J—Long-Term Debt and Credit Lines.
TJX’s cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value due to the short maturities of these instruments.
Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, whereas the majority of assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of an impairment. For the years ended February 1, 2025, February 3, 2024 and January 28, 2023, the Company did not record any material impairments to long-lived assets.
F-20
Note G.
Segment Information
TJX operates
four
segments. TJX defines its segments as those operations whose results the Chief Executive Officer, who is the Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), regularly reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources. In the United States, the Marmaxx segment operates TJ Maxx, Marshalls, tjmaxx.com and marshalls.com and the HomeGoods segment operates HomeGoods and Homesense. The TJX Canada segment operates Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada, and the TJX International segment operates TK Maxx, Homesense, tkmaxx.com, tkmaxx.de, and tkmaxx.at in Europe and TK Maxx in Australia. In addition to the Company’s
four
segments, Sierra operates retail stores and sierra.com in the U.S. The results of Sierra are included in the Marmaxx segment.
All of TJX’s stores, with the exception of HomeGoods and HomeSense/Homesense, sell family apparel and home fashions. HomeGoods and HomeSense/Homesense offer home fashions.
The percentages of the Company’s consolidated revenues by major product category for the last three fiscal years are as follows:
The CODM regularly reviews net sales by segment and segment profit or loss. There are no significant expense categories or amounts regularly provided to the CODM and included in reported segment profit or loss. As such, no significant expense categories are disclosed in the table below. The CODM evaluates the performance of the Company’s segments based on “segment profit or loss,” which it defines