representing our banners may expose us to reputational or other risks. If our marketing efforts are not as successful or cost effective as anticipated, our revenue and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Failure to continue to expand our business successfully could adversely affect our financial results.
Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our business within our current markets and/or into new geographic regions, appropriately calibrating product lines and channels (including within our e-commerce sites) and, as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by development, investment, or acquisition. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, in whole or in part, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations generally or within certain markets or divisions, and we may be required to increase or decrease investments or slow our planned growth. For our store growth, even if a particular market has high commercial vacancies, if we are not able to find and lease appropriate real estate on attractive terms in the locations where we seek to open stores, or if new stores do not perform as well as we anticipated, we may need to change our planned growth in those markets. We have closed stores and operations and have divested from and disposed of businesses in the past, including for performance-related reasons, and we may be required to do so again in the future.
Growth can also add complexity to our business operations by requiring effective and timely information sharing; significant additional attention from our management and other functions across our business, including compliance and risk management; development of new capabilities, processes and controls; increased staffing and Associate training and/or retention and management of appropriate third-party providers, including training or coordinating with those operating businesses in which we are invested or with which we share certain responsibilities. These requirements may increase with further growth, particularly if we expand into additional countries. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business may be adversely affected or we may need to reduce the rate of expansion or otherwise curtail growth, which may adversely affect our sales, business plans and results.
12
Failure to effectively manage the large size and scale of our operations may adversely affect our financial results.
The substantial size of our business can make it challenging to run our complex operations effectively and to manage suitable internal resources and third-party providers with appropriate oversight, including, for example, for teams managing administration, information technology systems, merchandising, sourcing, marketing, store operations, distribution, logistics and compliance. The large size and scale of our operations, our multiple banners and locations across the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia and the autonomy