communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”). Unless otherwise discussed, the Company has reviewed the new guidance and has determined that it will either not apply to TJX or is not expected to be material to its Consolidated Financial Statements upon adoption, and, therefore, the guidance is not disclosed.
Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
In November 2023, the FASB issued guidance related to improvements to reportable segment disclosures. The new standard improves financial reporting by requiring disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis to enable investors to develop more decision-useful financial analyses. This standard is effective retrospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company will adopt this standard for the fiscal 2025 Form 10-K and does not anticipate a material impact on its financial statement disclosures.
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance related to improvements to income tax disclosures. The new standard updates the income tax disclosure related to the rate reconciliation and requires disclosure of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The standard also provides for further disclosure comparability. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company will adopt this standard for the fiscal 2026 Form 10-K and is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its financial statement disclosures.
Improvements to Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued new guidance to enhance the disclosure of expenses by requiring further disaggregation of relevant expenses in a separate note to the financial statements. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this adoption on its consolidated financial statement disclosures and plans to adopt this standard for the fiscal 2028 Form 10-K.
SEC Rule Changes
In March 2024, the SEC adopted new rules phasing in for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025 that will require registrants to provide certain climate-related information in their registration statements and annual reports. In April 2024, the SEC determined to voluntarily stay the final rules pending certain legal challenges. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of these rules on its Consolidated Financial Statements and, subject to such new rules taking effect, are expected to result in additional disclosures.
10
Note B.
Property at Cost
The following table presents the components of property at cost:
Depreciation expense was $
265
million for