fuel costs. These market risks may adversely affect TJX’s operating results and financial position. TJX seeks to minimize risk from changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates and fuel costs through the use of derivative financial instruments when and to the extent deemed appropriate. TJX does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes and does not use any leveraged derivative financial instruments. TJX recognizes all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and measures those instruments at fair value. The fair values of the derivatives are classified as assets or liabilities, current or non-current, based upon valuation results and settlement dates of the individual contracts. Changes to the fair value of derivative contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported in earnings in the period of the change. For derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are either recorded in shareholders’ equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income or are recognized currently in earnings, along with an offsetting adjustment against the basis of the item being hedged. Gains and losses on derivative instruments are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in operating activities, under Other, net.
Diesel Fuel Contracts
TJX hedges portions of its estimated notional diesel fuel requirements based on the diesel fuel expected to be consumed by independent freight carriers transporting TJX’s inventory. Independent freight carriers transporting TJX’s inventory charge TJX a mileage surcharge based on the price of diesel fuel. The hedge agreements are designed to mitigate the volatility of diesel fuel pricing, and the resulting per mile surcharges payable by TJX, by setting a fixed price per gallon for the period being hedged. During fiscal 2025, TJX entered into agreements to hedge a portion of its estimated notional diesel fuel requirements for fiscal 2026. The hedge agreements outstanding at February 1, 2025 relate to approximately
50
% of TJX’s estimated notional diesel fuel requirements for fiscal 2026. These diesel fuel hedge agreements will settle throughout fiscal 2026 and the first month of fiscal 2027. Upon settlement, the realized gains and losses on these contracts are offset by the realized gains and losses of the underlying item in Cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs. TJX elected not to apply hedge accounting to these contracts.
F-17
Foreign Currency Contracts
TJX enters into forward foreign currency exchange contracts to obtain economic hedges on portions of merchandise purchases made and anticipated to be made by the Company’s operations in currencies other than their respective functional currencies. The contracts outstanding at February 1, 2025 cover merchandise purchases the Company is committed to over the next several months in fiscal