minority ownership interest in an off-price retailer that operates stores in Russia and did not recover the full value of our investment. Divestitures, closings and consolidations could involve risks such as significant costs and obligations of closure, including exposure on leases, owned real estate and other contractual, employment, pension and severance obligations and potential liabilities that may arise under law as a result of the disposition or as a result of the credit risk of an acquirer.
Our large number of real estate leases, which generally obligate us for long periods, subject us to potential financial risk.
We lease almost all of our store locations and either own or lease for long periods our primary distribution centers and administrative offices. Accordingly, we are subject to the risks associated with leasing and owning real estate. While we have the right to terminate some of our leases under specified conditions, including by making specified payments, we may not be able to terminate most of our leases if or when we would like to do so. If we decide or are required to permanently close stores, we typically are required to continue to perform obligations under the applicable leases, which generally include, among other things, paying rent, insurance premiums, real estate taxes, and maintenance expenses for the balance of the lease term, and the cost of any of these obligations may be significant. When we assign leases to third parties, or if we sell or close a business, we can remain liable for the lease obligations for the balance of the term and be contingently liable if the assignee does not perform (as was the case with some of our former operations). We also remain primarily liable if we sublease space to a third party. In addition, when the lease terms for the stores in our ongoing operations expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could cause us to permanently close stores or to relocate stores within a market on less favorable terms or in a less favorable location. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect our financial results.
EXTERNAL AND ECONOMIC RISKS
Economic conditions on a global level or in particular markets, geopolitical uncertainty, and other factors creating uncertainty and instability may adversely affect consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which could affect our financial performance.
Consumer confidence and discretionary spending can be affected by various economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, that can, in turn, affect our business or the retail industry generally. These factors include, among others, inflation and deflation; actual or perceived declines in consumer purchasing power; economic recession; unemployment levels; availability of disposable income and actual and perceived wealth; health care costs; costs of oil, gas and other commodities; interest rates and tax rates and