to significant defense costs, fines, penalties and liability to private parties and governmental entities for monetary recoveries and other amounts and attorneys’ fees and/or require us to change aspects of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Quality, safety or other issues with merchandise we buy and sell could impact our reputation, sales and financial results.
Various governmental authorities in the jurisdictions where we do business regulate the quality and safety of the merchandise we import, transport and sell to consumers. Regulations and standards in this area, including federal laws and regulations enforced by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (such as the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (such as the U.S. Food Safety Modernization Act), state laws and regulations like California’s Proposition 65 and similar obligations in other countries in which we operate, impose restrictions and requirements on the merchandise we buy and sell. These requirements change from time to time, and new national, state, provincial or local regulations in the U.S. and other countries that may affect our business are contemplated and enacted with some regularity. We rely on our vendors to provide quality merchandise that complies with applicable laws and regulations and our vendor code of conduct. However, our vendors have not always complied with such obligations. If we, our merchandise vendors, or other third parties performing services on our behalf are unable or fail to comply with regulatory requirements on a timely basis or at all, or to adequately monitor new regulations that may apply to existing or new merchandise categories or in new geographies, or if we sell non-compliant, unsafe, or previously recalled products, we could have to conduct product recalls, incur significant fines or penalties for non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations and have to curtail some aspects of our sales or operations, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. Allegations of non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations could, and in certain instances in the past have, exposed us to litigation or governmental enforcement action. Although our arrangements with our vendors frequently provide for indemnification for product liabilities, the vendors may fail to honor these obligations to an extent we consider sufficient or at all. In certain circumstances, we may bear some responsibility for compliance with applicable product safety laws, labeling requirements and other applicable laws and regulations. In addition, failure to comply with, or the perception that we have failed to comply with, other social compliance, product, labor and/or environmental standards or monitoring practices, all of which continue to evolve, related to the products we sell could subject us to reputational harm and