inventory and fuel-related derivative contracts; asset retirement obligation costs; divisional occupancy costs (including real estate taxes, utility and maintenance costs and fixed asset depreciation); the costs of operating distribution centers; payroll, benefits and travel costs directly associated with buying inventory; and systems costs related to the buying and tracking of inventory.
Selling, general and administrative expenses include store payroll, benefits and supplies costs; communication costs; credit and check expenses; advertising; administrative and field management payroll, benefits and travel costs; corporate administrative costs and depreciation; gains and losses on non-inventory related foreign currency exchange contracts; and other miscellaneous income and expense items.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
TJX generally considers highly liquid investments with a maturity of 90 days or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. If applicable, investments with maturities greater than 90 days but less than one year at the date of purchase are included in short-term investments. These investments are classified as trading securities and are stated at fair value. Investments are classified as either short-term or long-term based on their original maturities. TJX’s investments are primarily institutional money market funds, bank investment products with major banks (such as time deposits), and high-grade commercial paper.
As of February 1, 2025, TJX’s cash and cash equivalents held outside the U.S. were $
1.4
billion, of which $
875
million was held in countries where TJX has the intention to reinvest any undistributed earnings indefinitely.
F-10
Merchandise Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. TJX uses the retail method for valuing inventories at all of its businesses, except TK Maxx in Australia which is immaterial to TJX’s total inventory. The businesses that utilize the retail method have some inventory that is initially valued at cost before the retail method is applied as that inventory has not been fully processed for sale (i.e. inventory in transit and unprocessed inventory in the Company’s distribution centers). Under the retail method, TJX utilizes a permanent markdown strategy and lowers the cost value of the inventory that is subject to markdown at the time the retail prices are lowered in the stores. TJX records inventory at the time title transfers, which is typically at the time when inventory is shipped.
As a result, Merchandise inventories on TJX’s Consolidated Balance Sheets include in-transit inventory of $
1.6
billion at February 1, 2025 and $
1.3
billion at February 3, 2024. Comparable amounts were reflected in Accounts payable at those dates.
Common Stock and Equity
Equity transactions consist primarily of the repurchase by TJX of its common stock under its stock repurchase programs and the recognition of compensation expense and issuance of common stock under TJX’s Stock Incentive