be Level 2 inputs. These estimates do not necessarily reflect provisions or restrictions in the various debt agreements that might affect TJX’s ability to settle these obligations.
The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value estimates of our components of long-term debt:
For additional information on long-term debt, see Note I—Long-Term Debt and Credit Lines.
TJX’s cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value due to the short maturities of these instruments.
Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, whereas the majority of assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of an impairment. For the periods ended November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023, the Company did not record any material impairments to long-lived assets.
17
Note G.
Segment Information
TJX operates
four
main business segments. In the United States, the Marmaxx segment operates TJ Maxx, Marshalls, tjmaxx.com and marshalls.com and the HomeGoods segment operates HomeGoods and Homesense. The TJX Canada segment operates Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada, and the TJX International segment operates TK Maxx, Homesense, tkmaxx.com, tkmaxx.de, and tkmaxx.at in Europe and TK Maxx in Australia. In addition to the Company’s
four
main business segments,
Sierra operates retail stores and sierra.com in the U.S.
The results of Sierra are included in the Marmaxx segment.
All of TJX’s stores, with the exception of HomeGoods and HomeSense/Homesense, sell family apparel and home fashions. HomeGoods and HomeSense/Homesense offer home fashions.
TJX evaluates the performance of its segments based on “segment profit or loss,” which it defines as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense, interest (income) expense, net and certain separately disclosed unusual or infrequent items. “Segment profit or loss,” as defined by TJX, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities. This measure of performance should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of TJX’s performance or as a measure of liquidity.
Presented below is financial information with respect to TJX’s business segments:
18
Note H.
Pension Plans and Other Retirement Benefits
Presented below is financial information relating to TJX’s funded defined benefit pension plan (“qualified pension plan” or “funded plan”) and its unfunded supplemental pension plan (“unfunded plan”) for the periods shown:
TJX’s policy with respect to the funded plan is to fund, at a minimum, the amount required to maintain a funded status of
80
% of the applicable pension liability (the Funding Target pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code section 430) or such other amount as is sufficient to avoid restrictions with respect to the funding of