regulations including those related to tariffs on imports from China and other countries, which could adversely impact the global economy and our operating results. In particular, uncertainty remains regarding the potential impact on our direct imports, (with typically less than 10% of the merchandise that we purchase for our U.S. businesses directly imported from China), vendor and competitor pricing, consumer demand, tariff pass-throughs, and reciprocal or retaliatory tariffs.
Operating Results as a Percentage of Net Sales
The following table sets forth our consolidated operating results as a percentage of net sales.
*
Figures may not foot due to rounding.
Net Sales
Net sales for fiscal 2025 totaled $56.4 billion, a 4% increase versus net sales of $54.2 billion for fiscal 2024. The increase includes a 4% increase in comp store sales, a 2% increase from non-comp store sales, a neutral impact from foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by a negative 2% estimated year-over-year impact from the 53rd week in fiscal 2024. Net sales from our e-commerce sites combined amounted to less than 2% of total sales for both fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024.
Comp store sales increased 4% for fiscal 2025 and increased 5% for fiscal 2024. Comp store sales for fiscal 2025 was driven by an increase in customer transactions. Both home comp store sales growth (as defined below) and apparel comp store sales growth (as defined below) generally performed in line with the overall comp store sales increase for fiscal 2025.
As of February 1, 2025, our store count increased approximately 3% and selling square footage increased approximately 2% compared to the same period last year.
Definition of Comparable Store Sales
We define comparable store sales, or comp store sales, to be sales of stores that have been in operation for all or a portion of two consecutive fiscal years, or, in other words, stores that are starting their third fiscal year of operation. In any given fiscal year, we calculate comp store sales on a 52-week basis by comparing the current and prior year weekly periods that are most closely aligned. Relocated stores and stores that have changed in size are generally classified in the same way as the original store, and we believe that the impact of these stores on the consolidated comp store sales percentage is immaterial.
29
Sales excluded from comp store sales (“non-comp store sales”) consist of sales from:
–
New stores - stores that have not yet met the comp store sales criteria, which represents a substantial majority of non-comp store sales
–
Stores that are closed permanently or for an extended period of time
–
Sales from our e-commerce sites (starting with the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we will no longer exclude sales from our e-commerce sites from comp store sales, which we do not expect to have a material impact on such figures).
We determine which stores are included in the comp store sales calculation at the beginning of a fiscal year, and