consumer preferences could negatively impact our brand, image, reputation, credibility, Associate retention and the willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us.
Further expansion of our international operations could expose us to risks inherent in operating in new countries.
We have a significant retail presence in several countries in Europe and in Canada and Australia. We also operate buying and other offices around the world and have made recent investments in certain geographies, including our entry into a joint venture in Mexico and our other minority equity investment in the Middle East. We generally look for opportunities to continue to expand our operations globally. It can be costly and complex to establish, develop and maintain international operations, to identify appropriate store locations and to promote business in new international jurisdictions, which may differ significantly from other countries in which we currently operate.
16
As with our current operations, risks are inherent in opening and developing operations in, or making investments in, new countries, including those related to compliance under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. Additional risks include, among others, understanding the local retail climate and trends, local customs and cultures, seasonal differences, business practices and competitive conditions; complying with relevant laws, rules and regulations; developing an appropriate infrastructure; identifying suitable partners for local operations and for integration with our global operations and effectively communicating and implementing company policies and practices in new, possibly remote, jurisdictions. Financial, regulatory and other risks are also associated with international operations, including currency exchange fluctuations; potentially adverse tax consequences; limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds outside of the country where earned; trade regulations; other compliance requirements; the risk of policy or regulatory changes, including those that could affect sourcing and allocation and/or add significant compliance and disclosure costs; the risk of political, economic and civil instability and labor unrest; and uncertainties regarding interpretation, application and enforceability of laws and agreements. Any of these risks could adversely impact our operations, profitability or liquidity.
Failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock
.
Our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter, sometimes significantly, at points in the past and may do so again in the future. If we fail to increase our results over prior periods, to achieve our projected results or to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price may decline (as it has at times in the past), and the decrease in the stock price may be