systems; labor costs and workforce challenges; personnel recruitment, training and retention; corporate and retail banner reputation; evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters; expanding international operations; fluctuations in quarterly and annual operating results and market expectations; inventory or asset loss; cash flow; mergers, acquisitions, or business investments and divestitures, closings or business consolidations; real estate activities; economic conditions and consumer spending; market instability; severe weather, serious disruptions or catastrophic events; disproportionate impact of disruptions during this fiscal year; commodity availability and pricing; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; compliance with laws, regulations and orders and changes in laws, regulations and applicable accounting standards; outcomes of litigation, legal proceedings and other legal or regulatory matters; quality, safety and other issues with our merchandise; tax matters; and other factors set forth under Item 1A of this Form 10-K, as well as the other information we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
We caution investors, potential investors and others not to place considerable reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K and our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. You are encouraged to read any further disclosures we may make in our future reports to the SEC, available at www.sec.gov, on our website, or otherwise.
Our forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K and our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders speak only as of the dates on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of these statements, even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied in such statements will not be realized. Our business is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, including those referenced above. Investors, potential investors, and others should give careful consideration to these risks and uncertainties.
3
The TJX Companies, Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
4
PART I
ITEM 1.  Business
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
The TJX Companies, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “TJX,” the “Company,” “we,” or “our”) is the leading off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and worldwide. We have over 5,000 stores and six branded e-commerce sites that offer a rapidly changing assortment of quality, fashionable, brand name and designer merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers’ (including department, specialty, and major online retailers) regular prices on comparable merchandise, every day.
Our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day. In our stores and online, we offer consumers our value proposition of brand, fashion, price and quality. Our opportunistic buying strategies and flexible business