asset value include investments in limited partnerships, which are stated at the fair value of the plan’s partnership interest based on information supplied by the partnerships as compared to financial statements of the limited partnership or other fair value information as determined by management. Cash equivalents or short-term investments are stated at cost which approximates fair value, and the fair value of common/collective trusts is determined based on net asset value as reported by their fund managers.
Following is the asset allocation under the qualified pension plan as of the valuation date for the fiscal years presented:
Under TJX’s investment policy, qualified pension plan assets are to be invested with the objective of generating investment returns that, in combination with funding contributions, provide adequate assets to meet all current and reasonably anticipated future benefit obligations under the plan. The investment policy includes a dynamic asset allocation strategy, whereby, over time, in connection with improvements in the plan’s funded status, the target allocation of return-seeking assets (generally, equities and other instruments with a similar risk profile) may decline and the target allocation of liability-hedging assets (generally, fixed income and other instruments with a similar risk profile) may increase. Under the investment policy guidelines, the target asset allocation of return-seeking assets and liability-hedging assets was
30
% and
70
%, respectively, as of February 1, 2025. Risks are sought to be mitigated through asset diversification and the use of multiple investment managers. Investment risk is measured and monitored on an ongoing basis through investment portfolio reviews, annual liability measurements and periodic asset/liability studies.
Other Retirement Benefits
TJX also sponsors an employee savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code for eligible U.S. employees and a similar type of plan for eligible employees in Puerto Rico. Employees may contribute up to
50
% of eligible pay, subject to limitations. For eligible employees who have completed the applicable service requirement, TJX matches employee contributions, up to
5
% of eligible pay, at rates of
25
% or
75
% (based upon date of hire and other eligibility criteria), and may make additional discretionary year-end contributions based on TJX’s performance. TJX may also make additional discretionary non-matching contributions. Certain eligible employees are automatically enrolled in the U.S. Plan and the Puerto Rico savings plan at a
2
% deferral rate, unless the employee elects otherwise. The total cost of TJX contributions to these plans was $
113
million in fiscal 2025, $
103
million in fiscal 2024 and $
77
million in fiscal 2023.
TJX also has a nonqualified savings plan (the Executive Savings Plan) for certain U.S. employees. TJX matches employee deferrals at various rates which amounted to $
10
million in fiscal 2025, $
9