instruments designed to manage a portion of our transportation costs (a hedging strategy), any such strategy may not be effective or sufficient and could result in increased operating costs. Increased global and U.S. regulation related to environmental costs, including cap and trade, carbon taxes or other emissions management systems could also adversely affect our costs of doing business, including utility, transportation and logistics costs. Shortages or disruptions, including from increased demand, geopolitical conflicts and other factors, impacting transportation within our supply chain, also negatively impact our cost of business and cause costs to fluctuate in ways we may not be able to anticipate. For example, in recent years, increased freight costs related to labor, equipment and capacity shortages involving freight hauling, increased interest rates, as well as other factors, had an adverse impact on our margins. Geopolitical events have in the past and may again impact fuel resources and operations of third parties along our supply chain such that our inventory flow and financial performance is negatively impacted. Similarly, food and other commodity prices can fluctuate dramatically. Such increases can impact the cost of merchandise, which could adversely affect our performance through potentially reduced consumer demand or reduced margins.
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may lead to lower revenues and earnings.
Sales made by our stores outside the U.S. are denominated in the currency of the country in which the store is located, and changes in currency exchange rates affect the translation of the sales and earnings of these businesses into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. As a result, movements in currency exchange rates have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant impact on our consolidated and segment results from time to time. Changes in currency exchange rates can also increase the cost of inventory purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the local currency of the business buying the merchandise. When exchange rates change significantly in a short period or move unfavorably over an extended period, it can be difficult for us to adjust accordingly, and gross margin can be adversely affected. For example, a significant amount of merchandise we offer for sale is made in China and accordingly, a revaluation of Chinese currency, or increased market flexibility in the exchange rate for that currency, increasing its value relative to the U.S. dollar or currencies in which our stores are located, could be significant.
20
Additionally, we routinely enter into inventory-related derivative instruments (a hedging strategy) to mitigate the impact of currency exchange rates on merchandise margins resulting from merchandise purchases by our segments denominated in currencies other than their local currencies. These mitigation strategies may not be effective or sufficient. In addition, in