effectively.
The retail apparel and home fashion businesses are highly competitive. We compete on the basis of various factors affecting value (which we define as the combination of brand, fashion, price and quality). We also compete on merchandise selection and freshness; banner name recognition and appeal; both in-store and online service and shopping experience; convenience and store location. We compete with local, regional, national and international retailers that sell apparel, home fashions and other merchandise that we may carry, including retailers that operate through stores, e-commerce and/or other media, as well as omnichannel retailers. Some of our competitors are larger than we are or have more experience selling certain product lines or through certain channels than we do. Competitors may increase their presence in markets in which we operate, consolidate with other retailers, expand their merchandise offerings, expand their e-commerce capabilities, add new sales channels, change their pricing strategies and/or adopt new processes or technologies that may allow them to compete more effectively. We could be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than we are in their use and integration of rapidly evolving technologies, including artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies. In addition, new competitors frequently enter the market. More generally, consumer e-commerce spending may continue to increase, as it has in recent years, while our business is primarily in brick-and-mortar stores. If we fail to compete effectively, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected.
If we fail to successfully implement our marketing efforts, if our marketing efforts are not successful in driving expected increases in sales or if our competitors’ marketing programs are more effective than ours, our revenue or results of operations may be adversely affected.
Customer transactions and demand for our merchandise may be influenced by our marketing efforts. Although we use various marketing channels (including, among others, linear television, streaming video, audio, outdoor, digital/social media and mobile) to drive customer awareness of and interest in shopping our retail banners and to increase sales, some of our competitors may spend more for their marketing programs or use different approaches than we do, which may provide them with a competitive advantage. Our competitors’ marketing programs may also resonate with consumers more than ours do. We may not be able to develop or implement strategies effectively in rapidly evolving digital/social media channels, which may adversely impact some of our banners, segments, or overall business. We also may face challenges appropriately managing consistent strategies for our different banners across geographies. Further, partnerships with celebrities, social media content creators, influencers or other individuals who are viewed as