2026. Additionally, TJX’s operations in Europe are subject to foreign currency exposure as a result of their buying function being centralized in the U.K. Merchandise is purchased centrally in the U.K. and then shipped and billed to the retail entities in other countries. This intercompany billing to TJX’s European businesses’ Euro denominated operations creates exposure to the central buying entity for changes in the exchange rate between the Euro and British Pound. A portion of the inflows of Euros to the central buying entity provides a natural hedge for Euro denominated merchandise purchases from third-party vendors. TJX calculates any excess Euro exposure each month and enters into forward contracts of approximately
30
days’ duration to mitigate this excess exposure. Upon settlement, the realized gains and losses on these contracts are offset by the realized gains and losses of the underlying item in Cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs.
TJX also enters into derivative contracts, generally designated as fair value hedges, to hedge intercompany debt. The changes in fair value of these contracts are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses and are offset by marking the underlying item to fair value in the same period. Upon settlement, the realized gains and losses on these contracts are offset by the realized gains and losses of the underlying item in Selling, general and administrative expenses.
The following is a summary of TJX’s derivative financial instruments, related fair value and balance sheet classification at February 1, 2025:
F-18
The following is a summary of TJX’s derivative financial instruments, related fair value and balance sheet classification at February 3, 2024:
The impact of derivative financial instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Income is presented below:
Included in the table above are realized gains of $
14
million in fiscal 2025, realized losses of $
23
million in fiscal 2024 and realized gains of $
200
million in fiscal 2023, all of which were largely offset by gains and losses on the underlying hedged item.
F-19
Note F.
Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (also referred to as exit price). The inputs used to measure fair value are generally classified into the following hierarchy:
The following table sets forth TJX’s financial assets and liabilities that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis:
Investments designed to meet obligations under the Executive Savings Plan are invested in registered investment companies traded in active markets and are recorded at unadjusted quoted prices.
Foreign currency exchange contracts and diesel fuel contracts are valued using broker quotations, which include observable market information. TJX does not make adjustments to quotes or prices obtained from brokers