term for one or more five-year periods. Store operating leases in Europe generally have an initial term of ten to fifteen years and leases in Australia generally have an initial term of ten years, some of which have options to extend. Some of the Company's leases have options to terminate prior to the lease expiration date.
24
STORE LOCATIONS
Stores were operated in the following locations at the end of fiscal 2025. Counts include both banners within a combo or a superstore:
(a)
Marmaxx operates TJ Maxx and Marshalls. HomeGoods operates HomeGoods and Homesense.
25
DISTRIBUTION CENTERS
The following is a summary of our primary owned and leased distribution and fulfillment centers as of February 1, 2025. Square footage information for the distribution and fulfillment centers represents total “ground cover” of the facility.
OFFICE SPACE
TJX has corporate headquarters in Massachusetts which consists of both owned and leased space. Additionally, we own and lease additional office space throughout the United States and in various countries. As of February 1, 2025, TJX owned and leased a combined 3.7 million square feet of office space, primarily within the United States. Square footage information for office space represents total space owned or leased.
26
ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings
See Legal Contingencies in
Note N—Contingent Obligations, Contingencies, and Commitments
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on legal proceedings.
ITEM 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
PART II
ITEM 5.  Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: TJX).
The approximate number of common shareholders of record at February 1, 2025 was 1,800.
INFORMATION ON SHARE REPURCHASES
The number of shares of common stock repurchased by TJX during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 and the average price paid per share are as follows:
(a)
Consists of shares repurchased under publicly announced stock repurchase programs.
(b)
Includes commissions for the shares repurchased under stock repurchase programs.
(c)
In February 2025, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved a new stock repurchase program that authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2.5 billion of our common stock from time to time. Under this program and previously announced programs, we had approximately $3.6 billion available for repurchase as of February 1, 2025.
ITEM 6.  Reserved
27
ITEM 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
TJX provides projections and other forward-looking statements in the following discussions particularly relating to our future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are estimates based on information currently available to us and subject to the cautionary statements set forth on page 3 of this Form 10-K. Our results are subject to risks,