financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. TJX considers its accounting policies relating to inventory valuation, reserves for uncertain tax positions and loss contingencies to be the most significant accounting policies that involve management estimates and judgments. Actual amounts could differ from these estimates, and such differences could be material.
Deferred Gift Card Revenue
The following table presents deferred gift card revenue activity:
TJX recognized $
431
million in gift card revenue for the three months ended November 2, 2024 and $
426
million for the three months ended October 28, 2023. Gift cards are combined in one homogeneous pool and are not separately identifiable. As such, the revenue recognized consists of gift cards that were part of the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period as well as gift cards that were issued during the period.
Equity Investment
On June 7, 2024, the Company announced that it entered into a definitive agreement for a joint venture with Grupo Axo, S.A.P.I de C.V. (“Axo”) in which TJX will hold a
49
% ownership stake, with respect to Multibrand Outlet Stores S.A.P.I. de C.V. (“MOS”), Axo’s off-price, physical store business in Mexico. TJX has the option to increase its ownership interest in the joint venture over the long term. On September 3, 2024, TJX completed this investment for $
192
million, which includes a purchase price of $
179
million and acquisition costs of $
13
million. This investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and recorded in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
9
On August 21, 2024, the Company announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a
35
% ownership stake in privately held Brands for Less (“BFL”), representing a non-controlling, minority position. BFL currently operates over
100
stores, primarily in the UAE and Saudi Arabia, as well as an e-commerce business, and is the region’s only major off-price branded apparel, toys and home fashions retailer. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, TJX completed this investment for a purchase price of $
344
million. This investment will be accounted for under the equity method of accounting from the date of investment forward and will be recorded in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
TJX will report the results of its share of the investments with Axo and BFL on a one-quarter lag as their results are not expected to be available in time to be recorded in the concurrent period. TJX does not expect these investments to have a material impact on its fiscal 2025 results.
Leases
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows:
Future Adoption of New Accounting Standards
From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) or other standard setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements. Updates to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are