operations and financial condition in a number of ways, including by causing injury or serious harm to our Associates or customers; severely damaging or destroying one or more of our stores, distribution facilities, or office facilities; or could disrupt the operations of, or require the closure of, one or more of our vendors or other parts of our supply chain located in the affected areas. Day-to-day operations, including our ability to receive products from our vendors or third-party service providers or to transport products to our stores or to our e-commerce customers could be adversely affected, transportation to and from our stores (by customers or Associates) could be limited, or we could temporarily close stores or distribution centers in the affected areas or in areas served by affected distribution centers for a short or extended period of time. Government regulations and responses to such events or conditions could affect our operations or result in material expenses relating to compliance. Adverse or unseasonable weather, such as storms, severe cold or heat or unseasonable temperatures (even if not extreme), which could increase in both frequency and severity over time, may also affect customers’ buying patterns and willingness to shop at all or in certain categories we offer, particularly in apparel, products viewed as contributing to deforestation or biodiversity loss, or seasonal merchandise and may affect our ability to source products containing raw materials whose yield is affected by adverse weather, which could impact our sales, customer satisfaction with our stores, and our markdowns, adversely affecting our business.
As our business is subject to seasonal influences, a significant, unplanned decrease in sales or margins, a severe disruption or other significant event that impacts our business during the second half of the year could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our operating results.
Our business is subject to seasonal influences; we generally realize higher levels of sales and earnings in the second half of the year, which includes the back-to-school and year-end holiday seasons. Any significant, unplanned decrease in sales or margins or any significant adverse event or disruption that impacts our business during this period, including those described in these risk factors, could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our results of operations.
Our results may be adversely affected by increased utility, transportation or logistics costs; reduced availability or increased cost of oil or other fuels; or increased costs of other commodities.
Energy and fuel costs can fluctuate dramatically and, at times, have resulted in significant cost increases, particularly for the price of oil and gasoline. An increase in the price of oil increases our transportation costs for distribution, utility costs for our retail stores and costs to purchase our products from suppliers. Although we typically enter into derivative