liabilities, current or non-current, based upon valuation results and settlement dates of the individual contracts. Changes to the fair value of derivative contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported in earnings in the period of the change. For derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are either recorded in shareholders’ equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income or are recognized currently in earnings, along with an offsetting adjustment against the basis of the item being hedged. Gains and losses on derivative instruments are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in operating activities, under Other, net.
12
Diesel Fuel Contracts
TJX hedges portions of its estimated notional diesel fuel requirements based on the diesel fuel expected to be consumed by independent freight carriers transporting TJX’s inventory. Independent freight carriers transporting TJX’s inventory charge TJX a mileage surcharge based on the price of diesel fuel. The hedge agreements are designed to mitigate the volatility of diesel fuel pricing, and the resulting per mile surcharges payable by TJX, by setting a fixed price per gallon for the period being hedged. During fiscal 2024, TJX entered into agreements to hedge a portion of its estimated notional diesel fuel requirements for fiscal 2025, and during the first nine months of fiscal 2025, TJX entered into agreements to hedge a portion of its estimated notional diesel fuel requirements for the first nine months of fiscal 2026. The hedge agreements outstanding at November 2, 2024 relate to approximately
50
% of TJX’s estimated notional diesel fuel requirements for the remainder of fiscal 2025 and the first nine months of fiscal 2026. These diesel fuel hedge agreements will settle throughout fiscal 2025 and throughout the first ten months of fiscal 2026. Upon settlement, the realized gains and losses on these contracts are offset by the realized gains and losses of the underlying item in Cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs. TJX elected not to apply hedge accounting to these contracts.
Foreign Currency Contracts
TJX enters into forward foreign currency exchange contracts to obtain economic hedges on portions of merchandise purchases made and anticipated to be made by the Company’s operations in currencies other than their respective functional currencies. The contracts outstanding at November 2, 2024 cover merchandise purchases the Company is committed to over the next several months in fiscal 2025. Additionally, TJX’s operations in Europe are subject to foreign currency exposure as a result of their buying function being centralized in the U.K. Merchandise is purchased centrally in the U.K. and then shipped and billed to the retail entities in other countries. This intercompany billing to TJX’s European businesses’ Euro denominated operations creates exposure to the central buying entity for