launched many new programs, including recruitment strategies, training and education, Associate-led I&D advisory boards, and additional Associate Resource Groups.
Training and Career Development
Our culture prioritizes Associate development and advancement within our organization and we have many Associates in managerial positions who have been with the Company for more than 10 years. We are highly focused on teaching and mentoring to support the career growth and success of our Associates, and we believe these efforts have promoted retention, stability, and increased expertise in our workforce. Training happens broadly throughout the organization, from informal mentoring and direct training to a range of career and leadership development programs, such as our TJX University for merchandising Associates.
Compensation and Rewards
Our compensation programs are designed to pay our Associates competitively in the market and equitably, based on their skills, qualifications, role and abilities. Our approach to compensation across the organization reflects our global total rewards principles, which include sharing in the success of the Company, encouraging teamwork and collaboration across our global workforce, and being fair and equitable. For fiscal 2025, we continued our One TJX approach to annual incentive compensation, with all eligible Associates measured against global TJX performance goals.
Trademarks
We have the right to use our principal trademarks and service marks, which are TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Winners, Homesense/HomeSense, TK Maxx and Sierra, in relevant countries. We expect our rights in these trademarks and service marks to endure in locations where we use them for as long as we continue to do so.
Seasonality
Our business is subject to seasonal influences. In the second half of the year, which includes the back-to-school and year-end holiday seasons, we generally realize higher levels of sales and income.
SEC Filings and Certifications
Copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, proxy statements, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K filed with or furnished to the SEC, and any amendments to those documents, are available free of charge on our website, tjx.com, under “SEC Filings,” as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. They are also available free of charge from TJX Global Communications, 770 Cochituate Road, Framingham, Massachusetts 01701. The SEC maintains a website containing all reports, proxies, information statements, and all other information (
www.sec.gov
).
Information appearing on tjx.com is not a part of, and is not incorporated by reference in, this Form 10-K.
9
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following are the executive officers of TJX as of April 2, 2025:
The executive officers hold office until the next annual meeting of the Board in June 2025 and until their successors are elected and qualified.
10
ITEM 1A.  Risk