store location. We compete with local, regional, national and international department, specialty, off-price, discount, warehouse and outlet stores as well as other retailers that sell apparel, home fashions and other merchandise that we sell, whether in stores, online, or through other media or channels.
Human Capital
As of February 1, 2025, we had approximately
364,000
Associates, many of whom worked less than 40 hours per week. Approximately 86% of these Associates worked in our retail stores. We hire thousands of temporary employees each year, particularly during the peak back-to-school and holiday seasons. We offer positions at a variety of levels in our stores, distribution and fulfillment centers, and offices, as well as many opportunities for Associates to grow and advance. Many Associates in our distribution centers in the United States and Canada are covered by collective bargaining agreements and other Associates are members of works councils in Europe. Our large, global workforce supports the execution of our flexible business model, including the timing and frequency of store deliveries and the management of a rapidly changing mix of merchandise in over 5,000 retail stores in nine countries and across six e-commerce sites. We believe our Associates are key to our business success.
8
Workplace and Culture
We work to foster a strong, supportive, and inclusive culture so that Associates at TJX feel welcome in the Company, valued for their contributions, and engaged with our business mission. We use defined cultural factors and leadership competencies throughout our global business to express our organizational values, such as inclusion, personal integrity, relationship-building and collaboration, and respect for our business model, and to promote consistency in leadership development, including through our Leadership Development Toolkit. We believe our policies and practices, including our open-door philosophy, encourage open and honest communication and Associate engagement with the business.
Inclusion and Diversity (“I&D”)
As a global company appealing to a broad customer demographic and with hundreds of thousands of Associates in several geographies, we recognize the importance of diversity to our Company’s culture. Our global workforce reflects a diversity of races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, gender identities, abilities, religions, with a broad range of backgrounds and experience. We are committed to continuing to build and support an inclusive and diverse workplace. Our global strategies include increasing the representation of diverse talent through our talent pipeline; providing leaders with tools to support difference with awareness, fairness, sensitivity, and transparency; and integrating inclusive behaviors, language and practices throughout the business. Over the past several years, with the benefit of information gathered from Associates through our Global Inclusion Surveys, our teams globally have developed and