merchandise, every day. Our practice is to not
engage in promotional pricing activity such as sales or coupons. We have generally been able to react to price fluctuations in the wholesale market to maintain our pricing gap relative to prices offered by traditional retailers as well
as our merchandise margins through various economic cycles.
Low Cost Operations
We operate with a low cost structure compared to many traditional retailers with a prudent focus on expenses throughout our business. Our advertising is generally focused on promoting our retail banners rather than individual products, which contributes to our advertising budget (as a percentage of sales) remaining low compared to many traditional retailers. We design our stores to provide a pleasant, convenient shopping environment without spending heavily on store fixtures. Additionally, our distribution network is designed to run cost effectively.
Customer Service/Shopping Experience
We strategically renovate and upgrade our stores across our retail banners to enhance our customers’ shopping experience and help drive sales. We train our store Associates to provide friendly and helpful customer service and seek to staff our stores to deliver a positive shopping experience. We believe we offer return policies that are customer friendly. We accept a variety of payment methods including cash, credit cards and debit cards. We also offer TJX-branded credit cards in the U.S. through a bank, but do not own the customer receivables.
Distribution
We operate distribution centers encompassing
approximately 30 million square feet in six countries
. These centers are generally large, and built to suit our specific, off-price business model, with a combination of automated systems and manual processes to manage the variety of merchandise we acquire. We ship substantially all of our merchandise to our stores through a network of distribution centers, fulfillment centers and warehouses as well as shipping centers operated in many cases by third parties.
7
Store Growth
Expansion of our business through the addition of new stores continues to be an important part of our global growth strategy. The following table provides store growth information for our divisions for the two most recently completed fiscal years, as well as our estimates of the long-term store growth potential of these divisions in their current geographies:
(a)
Reflects store growth potential for TK Maxx in current geographies and the expansion into Spain and for Homesense in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Some of our home fashion stores are co-located with one of our apparel stores in a combo or superstore format. We count each of the stores in the combo or superstore format as a separate store.
Competition
The retail apparel and home fashion business is highly competitive. We compete on numerous factors including brand, fashion, price, quality, selection and freshness; in-store and online shopping experience and service; reputation and