well as some of its distribution and fulfillment centers and office space. Most of TJX’s leases in the U.S. and Canada are store operating leases, generally for an initial term of
ten years
with options to extend the lease term for
one
or more
five
year periods. Leases in Europe generally have an initial term of
ten
to
fifteen years
and leases in Australia generally have an initial term of
ten
years, some of which have options to extend. Some of the Company's leases have options to terminate prior to the lease expiration date. The exercise of both lease renewal and termination options is at the Company’s sole discretion, as opposed to the landlord’s discretion, and is not reasonably certain at lease commencement. The Company has deemed that the expense of store renovations makes the renewal of the next lease option reasonably certain to be exercised after these renovations occur.
While the overwhelming majority of leases have fixed payment schedules, some leases have variable lease payments based on market indices adjusted periodically for inflation, or include rental payments based on a percentage of retail sales over contractual levels. In addition, for real estate leases, TJX is generally required to pay insurance, real estate taxes and certain other expenses including common area maintenance based on a proportionate share of premises as compared to the shopping center, and some of these costs are based on a market index, primarily in Canada. For leases with these payments based on a market index, the initial lease payment amount is used in the calculation of the operating lease liability and corresponding operating lease ROU assets included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Future payment changes to these market index rate leases are not reflected in the operating lease liability and are instead included in variable lease cost. Variable lease cost also includes variable operating expenses for third party service centers and dedicated transportation contracts that are deemed embedded leases. The operating lease ROU assets also includes any lease payments made in advance of the assets’ use and is reduced by lease incentives received. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows:
The following table is a summary of the Company’s components of net lease cost for the fiscal years ended:
F-34
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows:
The following table as of February 1, 2025 summarizes the maturity of lease liabilities under operating leases:
(a)
Operating lease payments exclude legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced and include options to extend lease terms that are now deemed reasonably certain of being exercised according to the Company’s Lease Accounting Policy.
(b)
Calculated using the incremental borrowing rate for each lease.
(c)
Total lease liabilities are