calculate comp store sales on a 52-week basis by comparing the current and prior year weekly periods that are most closely aligned. Relocated stores and stores that have changed in size are generally classified in the same way as the original store, and we believe that the impact of these stores on the consolidated comp store sales percentage is immaterial.
Sales excluded from comp store sales (“non-comp store sales”) consist of sales from:
–
New stores - stores that have not yet met the comp store sales criteria, which represents a substantial majority of non-comp store sales
–
Stores that are closed permanently or for an extended period of time
–
Sales from our e-commerce sites
23
We determine which stores are included in the comp store sales calculation at the beginning of a fiscal year, and the classification remains constant throughout that year unless a store is closed permanently or for an extended period during that fiscal year.
Comp store sales of our foreign segments are calculated on a constant currency basis. We define constant currency basis as translating the current year’s results using the prior year’s exchange rates. This removes the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, which we believe is a more appropriate measure of performance.
Comp store sales may be referred to as “same store” sales by other retail companies. The method for calculating comp store sales varies across the retail industry; therefore, our measure of comp store sales may not be comparable to that of other retail companies. Comparable store sales for a category such as home or apparel include sales from merchandise within such category combined across all divisions at the stores that fall within the Company’s definition of comparable stores for such period.
Historically, we defined customer traffic to be the number of transactions in stores included in the comp store sales calculation; since the end of fiscal 2024, we refer to this as customer transactions. We define average ticket to be the average retail price of the units sold. We define average basket to be the average dollar value of transactions.
Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates
Our operating results are affected by foreign currency exchange rates as a result of changes in the value of the U.S. dollar or a division’s local currency in relation to other currencies. We specifically refer to “foreign currency” as the impact of translational foreign currency exchange and mark-to-market of inventory derivatives, as described in detail below. This does not include the impact foreign currency exchange rates can have on various transactions that are denominated in a currency other than an operating division's local currency, which is referred to as “transactional foreign exchange,” and also described below.
Translation Foreign Exchange
In our Consolidated Financial Statements, we translate the operations of TJX Canada and TJX International from local currencies into U.S. dollars using currency