disproportionate to the shortfall in our financial performance. Results may be affected by various factors, including those described in these risk factors. In addition, we maintain a forecasting process that seeks to plan sales and align expenses. However, if we do not control costs or appropriately adjust costs to actual results, or if actual results differ significantly from our forecast, our financial performance could be adversely affected. In addition, if we suspend our buyback program, which we have done in the past, or if we have an active buyback program and are repurchasing shares but do not repurchase the number of shares we contemplated pursuant to our financial plans at the rate or in the timing we planned, our earnings per share may be adversely affected. Similarly, if we reduce or suspend our dividend distributions, as we did for part of fiscal 2021, our stock price may be adversely affected.
Failure to protect our inventory or other assets from loss and theft and situations resulting in loss or theft may impact customer and Associate safety as well as our financial results.
Risk of loss or theft of assets, including inventory shrinkage, is inherent in the retail business. Loss may be caused by error or misconduct of Associates, customers, vendors or other third parties, including through organized retail crime and professional theft, and may be further impacted by macroeconomic factors, including the enforcement environment, as well as increased inventory levels in our stores. We may not be able to determine the cause or extent of the loss in a timely manner or at all. Our inability to prevent and/or minimize or reduce the loss or theft of assets effectively, or to predict and accrue for the impact of those losses accurately, has adversely affected our financial performance in the past and could do so again. In addition, our ability to provide a safe environment in our stores may be impacted in the course of a theft or other behavioral situations that periodically arise.
We depend upon strong cash flows from our operations to supply capital to fund our operations, anticipated growth, any stock repurchases and dividends and interest and debt repayment.
Our business depends upon our operations continuing to generate strong cash flow to supply capital to support our general operating activities, to fund our anticipated growth and any return of cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase programs and dividends and to pay our interest and make debt repayments. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or to repatriate cash from our international operations in a manner that is cost effective, our growth plans, capital expenditures, operating expenses and financial performance, including our earnings per share, could be adversely affected. Changes in the capital and credit markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, have in the past increased and may continue to increase the