cost of financing or may restrict our access to these potential sources of liquidity. Our continued access to these liquidity sources on favorable terms depends on multiple factors, including our operating performance and maintaining strong credit ratings. On occasion, we borrow money to finance our activities, and if financing were not available to us in adequate amounts and on appropriate terms when needed, that could also adversely affect our financial performance.
17
If we engage in mergers, acquisitions or investments in new businesses, or divest, close or consolidate any of our current businesses, our business could be subject to additional risks.
We have in the past and may again acquire new businesses;
invest in or enter into joint ventures with other businesses (as we did during fiscal 2025 with our minority equity investment in the Middle East and in our joint venture
in Mexico); develop new businesses internally (as with Homesense, our second U.S. home store concept); launch or expand e-commerce platforms (as we have done with tkmaxx.de and tkmaxx.at in Europe); and divest (as we did in fiscal 2023 with our minority interest in an off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions operating stores throughout Russia), close, or consolidate businesses. Failure to execute on mergers, acquisitions, investments, divestitures, closings and consolidations in an effective or satisfactory manner, including due to circumstances outside our control, could adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition. Acquisition, investment or divestiture activities may divert attention of management away from operating the existing businesses. We may not effectively evaluate target companies, investments or investment partners or assess the risks, benefits and costs of buying, investing in or closing businesses, or the integration or attendant risks of acquired businesses or investments, all of which can be difficult, time-consuming and dilutive. These activities may not meet our performance and other expectations and may expose us to unexpected or greater-than-expected costs, liabilities and risks, including from, for example, changes in law, market conditions, economic conditions, the retail industry, political conditions, inaccurate assumptions, or the negligence or malfeasance of our partners or other third parties. In addition, in connection with most of our prior acquisitions, we recorded intangible assets and goodwill and the value of the tradenames, and may similarly do so in the future in connection with other acquisitions. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions or investments, we may be required to impair some or all of the goodwill associated with an acquisition or some or all of the investment, which would adversely impact our results of operations and balance sheet, such as with an impairment charge. For example, in connection with the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, we divested our