investments, it will adjust the carrying amount of the investments to the current fair value. As of the end of fiscal 2025, the Company determined that no impairments of its equity method investments existed.
Familia
In fiscal 2020, the Company acquired a minority ownership stake in privately held Familia, an off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions domiciled in Luxembourg that operates stores throughout Russia. During fiscal 2023, the Company announced that it had committed to divesting its minority investment, resulting in an impairment charge of $
218
million representing the entire carrying value of the Company’s investment. Additionally, the Company realized a $
54
million tax benefit when the Company completed the divestiture of this investment during the third quarter ended October 29, 2022.
See Note F—Fair Value Measurements for additional information.
Future Adoption of New Accounting Standards
From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) or other standard setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements. Updates to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”). Unless otherwise discussed, the Company has reviewed the new guidance and has determined that it will either not apply to TJX or is not expected to be material to its Consolidated Financial Statements upon adoption, and, therefore, the guidance is not disclosed.
F-14
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance related to improvements to income tax disclosures. The new standard updates the income tax disclosure related to the rate reconciliation and requires disclosure of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The standard also provides for further disclosure comparability. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company will adopt this standard for the fiscal 2026 Form 10-K and is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its financial statement disclosures.
Improvements to Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued new guidance to enhance the disclosure of expenses by requiring further disaggregation of relevant expenses in a separate note to the financial statements. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this adoption on its consolidated financial statement disclosures and plans to adopt this standard for the fiscal 2028 Form 10-K.
SEC Rule Changes
In March 2024, the SEC adopted new rules phasing in for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025 that will require registrants to provide certain climate-related information in their registration statements and annual reports. In April 2024, the SEC