Financial Statements contained herein, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2025, and has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting included herein.
ITEM 9B.  Other Information
During the fiscal quarter ended February 1, 2025, none of our directors or officers
adopted
, modified, or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as those terms are defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act.
ITEM 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
PART III
ITEM 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information concerning our executive officers is set forth under the heading “Information about our Executive Officers” in Part I of this report. TJX will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) a definitive proxy statement no later than 120 days after the close of its fiscal year ended February 1, 2025 (“Proxy Statement”). The other information required by this Item and not given in this Item will appear under the headings “Election of Directors” and “Corporate Governance,” including in “Board Leadership and Committees,” and “Audit and Finance Committee Report,” “Governance Policies and Practices” and, if applicable, “Beneficial Ownership” in our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein by reference.
In addition to our Global Code of Conduct, TJX has a Code of Ethics for TJX Executives governing its Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and other senior operating and financial executives. The Code of Ethics for TJX Executives is designed to ensure integrity in TJX’s financial reports and public disclosures. TJX also has a Director Code of Business Conduct & Ethics which promotes honest and ethical conduct, compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and the avoidance of conflicts of interest. Both of these codes of conduct are published at tjx.com. We intend to disclose any future amendments to, or waivers from, the Code of Ethics for TJX Executives or the Director Code of Business Conduct and Ethics within four business days of the waiver or amendment through a website posting or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC.
41
TJX has an
insider trading policy
which governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of its securities by TJX and its officers, directors, Associates, and other covered persons. TJX believes its insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, as well as the New York Stock Exchange listing standards applicable to TJX. A copy of TJX's Insider Trading Policy and its Pre-Clearance Trading Policy are filed as Exhibit 19.1 and Exhibit 19.2, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.