ITEM 11.  Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item will appear under the headings “Select Areas of Board Oversight - Compensation Risk Assessment,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Compensation Tables” and “Director Compensation” in our Proxy Statement, which sections (excluding “Compensation Tables - Pay Versus Performance”) are incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this Item will appear under the headings “Equity Compensation Plan Information” and “Beneficial Ownership” in our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item will appear under the heading “Election of Directors,” including in “Board Independence” and under the heading “Corporate Governance,” including in “Transactions with Related Persons” in our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by this Item will appear under the headings “Auditor Fees,” “Pre-Approval Policies” and “Audit and Finance Committee Report” in our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein by reference.
PART IV
ITEM 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule
(a) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
For a list of the consolidated financial information included herein, see Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1.
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
42
(b) EXHIBITS
Listed below are all exhibits filed as part of this report. Some exhibits are filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under the Exchange Act.
43
44
*  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
** Schedules and certain portions of this exhibit are omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.
(p)    Paper filing.
Unless otherwise indicated, exhibits incorporated by reference were filed under Commission File Number 001-04908.
ITEM 16.  Form 10-K Summary
Not applicable.
45
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.
46
The TJX Companies, Inc.
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For Fiscal Years Ended February 1, 2025, February 3, 2024 and January 28, 2023.
F-1
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of