recorded in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
For the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, the carrying value of the Company’s equity investment in MOS was $
168
million, which exceed its share of MOS’ net assets by approximately $
133
million. All of this difference is comprised of goodwill and tradenames. Tradenames are definite-lived intangible assets and are amortized straight-line over their useful lives of
10
years. As of February 1, 2025, the revaluation of the investment from Mexican Pesos to the U.S. dollar resulted in a cumulative translation loss and reduced the carrying value of the investment by $
11
million. The cumulative translation loss has been recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income.
TJX reports the results of its share of the investments in MOS on a one-quarter lag as their results are not expected to be available in time to be recorded in the concurrent period. Earnings from the Company’s investment are recorded in Selling, general & administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The investment did not have a material impact on its fiscal 2025 results.
Brands for Less
During fiscal 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a
35
% ownership stake in privately held Brands for Less (“BFL”), representing a non-controlling, minority position. BFL currently operates over
100
stores, primarily in the UAE and Saudi Arabia, as well as an e-commerce business, and is the region’s only major off-price branded apparel, toys and home fashions retailer. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, TJX completed this investment for $
358
million, which includes a purchase price of $
344
million and acquisition costs of $
14
million. This investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and is recorded in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
For the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, the carrying value of the Company’s equity investment in BFL was $
336
million, which exceed its share of BFL net assets by approximately $
292
million. All of this difference is comprised of goodwill and a tradename. The tradename is a definite-lived intangible asset and will be amortized straight-line over the useful life of
15
years.
TJX will report the results of its share of the investment with BFL on a one-quarter lag as their results are not expected to be available in time to be recorded in the concurrent period. Earnings from the investment in BFL will be recorded in Selling, general & administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The investment did not have a material impact on its fiscal 2025 results.
Both equity investments are evaluated for indicators of impairment on a periodic basis or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may be other-than-temporarily impaired. If the Company concludes that there is an other-than-temporary impairment of these equity