determined to voluntarily stay the final rules pending certain legal challenges. The Company is currently monitoring the status of these rules and any potential impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements and financial statement disclosures.
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
In November 2023, the FASB issued guidance related to improvements to reportable segment disclosures. The new standard improves financial reporting by requiring disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis to enable investors to develop more decision-useful financial analyses. The Company adopted this standard as of February 1, 2025, on a retrospective basis.
Refer to Note G—Segment Information for the impact upon adoption of the new required disclosures.
Note B.
Property at Cost
The following table presents the components of property at cost:
Presented below is information related to carrying values of TJX’s long-lived tangible assets by geographic location:
F-15
Note C.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income
Amounts included in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income relate to the Company’s foreign currency translation adjustments and deferred gains/(losses) on pension and other post-retirement obligations, all of which are recorded net of the related income tax effects.
The following table details the changes in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023:
Note D.
Capital Stock and Earnings Per Share
Capital Stock
In February 2025, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved a new stock repurchase program that authorizes the repurchase of up to an additional $
2.5
billion of TJX common stock from time to time. Under this program and previously announced programs, TJX had approximately $
3.6
billion available for repurchase as of February 1, 2025.
The following table provides share repurchases, excluding applicable excise tax:
All shares repurchased under the stock repurchase programs have been retired. These expenditures were funded by cash generated from operations.
TJX has
5
million shares of authorized but unissued preferred stock, $
1
par value.
F-16
Earnings Per Share
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share:
The weighted average common shares for the diluted earnings per share calculation excludes the impact of outstanding stock options if the assumed proceeds per share of the option is in excess of the average price of TJX’s common stock for the related fiscal periods. Such options are excluded because they would have an antidilutive effect. There were
4
million,
5
million, and
6
million such options excluded at the end of fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively
.
Note E.
Financial Instruments
As a result of its operating and financing activities, TJX is exposed to market risks from changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates and