related policies; weakness in the housing market and rising housing costs; volatility in capital markets and credit availability. Many of these factors have been present in the market in recent years, including inflation and economic downturn, which has impacted consumer confidence and discretionary spending.
18
Volatility or uncertainty in regulation or policy, including in areas such as international trade and tariff policies; threats or occurrences of war or armed conflict (including the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the conflict in the Middle East, and shipping disruptions in the Red Sea and surrounding waterways); terrorism; pandemics or epidemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic); supply chain disruptions; geopolitical instability or uncertainty; uncertainty regarding the financial stability of banking institutions; and political or social unrest and/or conflict (locally or across regions) have had and may continue to  have significant effects on consumer confidence and spending. Factors that affect consumer confidence and spending can in turn affect our financial results and impact the retail industry generally. These conditions and factors also shift trends in consumer spending that could affect our business. Shifts in the market may adversely affect our sales, cash flows, merchandise orders and results of operations and performance.
Changes to U.S. or other countries' trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations or our failure to comply with such regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Changes in the import and export policies, including trade restrictions, new or increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, sanctions and countersanctions, safeguards or customs restrictions by the U.S. and/or other foreign governments, could require us to change the way we conduct business, affect our merchandise margins, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and our relationships with customers, vendors, and Associates in the short- or long-term. Similarly, changes in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development, and investment in the countries where we currently operate could adversely affect our business.
The U.S. government recently announced tariffs on product imports from certain countries, including Canada, Mexico, and China. These actions have resulted, and are expected to further result, in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods. If maintained, these recently announced tariffs and the potential escalation of trade disputes could pose a risk to our business that could affect our revenue and cost of sourcing our merchandise. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations between the U.S. and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions