impact our financial results.
Concerns or issues with the quality, safety and sourcing of merchandise, particularly with products subject to increased levels of regulation or inquiry, or the authenticity of merchandise, could result in regulatory, civil or criminal fines or penalties; litigation or reputational harm, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
Tax matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our effective income tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by numerous factors including the results of tax audits; income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory income tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory income tax rates; changes in income tax rates; changes in transfer pricing; changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities; changes in applicable tax legislation, regulations, treaties and other guidance; and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition in future periods. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our worldwide provision and accruals for taxes, and actual results may differ from our estimations.
22
In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by national, state, provincial and local tax authorities in the U.S. and foreign countries, and the examining authorities may challenge positions we take. We are engaged in various proceedings, which are at various stages, with such authorities with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these proceedings to determine the adequacy and appropriateness of our provision for income taxes, and we increase and decrease our provision as a result of these assessments. However, developments in and actual results of proceedings, rulings or settlements by or with tax authorities or courts (including due to changes in facts, law or legal interpretations, expiration of applicable statutes of limitations or other resolutions of tax positions) could result in amounts that differ from those we have accrued for such proceedings in either a positive or a negative manner, which could materially affect our effective income tax rate in a given financial period, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our results of operations. In addition, we are subject to tax audits and examinations for payroll, value added, sales-based and other taxes relating to our businesses, which could adversely impact our financial results.
ITEM 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
ITEM 1C.  Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
As a global retailer, we are mindful of the ongoing risks to our IT systems and operations