consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, impairment of long-lived assets, and, to a lesser extent, net charges for pre-acquisition litigation and other matters. In 2023, severance actions associated with facility consolidations and cost reduction measures affected approximately
5
% of the company’s workforce.
Restructuring and other costs in 2022 primarily included impairment of long-lived assets and continuing charges for headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations. In 2022, severance actions associated with facility consolidations and cost reduction measures affected less than
2
% of the company’s workforce.
As of February 20, 2025, the company has identified restructuring actions, primarily in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, that it expects will result in additional charges of approximately $
200
million, primarily in 2025, and expects to identify additional actions in future periods.
Restructuring and other costs by segment are as follows:
The following table summarizes the changes in the company’s accrued restructuring balance. Other amounts reported as
restructuring and other costs
in the accompanying statement of income have been summarized in the notes to the table. Accrued restructuring costs are included in other accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet.
(a)
The movements in the restructuring liability principally consist of severance and other costs associated with facility consolidations.
(b)
Excludes $
46
million of charges, primarily charges for impairment of long-lived assets in the Specialty Diagnostic segment.
(c)
Excludes $
264
million of net charges, principally $
126
million
of charges for impairment of long-lived assets in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services and Life Sciences Solutions segments, $
26
million of contract termination costs associated with facility closures in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, and $
19
million of net charges for pre-acquisition litigation and other matters in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment.
(d)
Excludes $
93
million of charges in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment for impairments of a disposal group that was held for sale beginning in the third quarter of 2023. The loss attributable to Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. was reduced by $
46
million attributable to a noncontrolling interest.
54
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(e)
Excludes $
282
million of net charges, principally $
211
million of charges for impairment of long-lived assets in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services and Life Sciences Solutions segments.
(f)
Excludes $
41
million of charges in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment for impairments of a disposal group that was held for sale beginning in the third quarter of 2023. The loss attributable to Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. was reduced by $