financial position, operating results and cash flows of the investee; recent transactions in the same or similar securities; significant recent events affecting the investee; the price paid by Thermo Fisher; among others.
In the three-month periods ended March 29, 2025, and March 30, 2024, the company recorded $
2
million and $
10
million, respectively, of net gains/(losses) on investments, which are included in other income/(expense) in the accompanying statements of income.
The following table provides a rollforward of the fair value, as determined by level 3 inputs (such as likelihood of achieving production or revenue milestones, as well as changes in the fair values of the investments underlying a recapitalization investment portfolio), of the contingent consideration.
The following table provides a rollforward of investments classified as level 3:
13
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments
The carrying value and fair value of the company’s debt instruments are as follows:
The fair value of debt instruments, excluding private placement notes, was determined based on quoted market prices and on borrowing rates available to the company at the respective period ends, which represent level 2 measurements. The fair value of private placement notes was determined based on internally developed pricing models and unobservable inputs, which represent level 3 measurements.
Note 5
.
Commitments and Contingencies
Environmental Matters
The company is currently involved in various stages of investigation and remediation related to environmental matters. The company cannot predict all potential costs related to environmental remediation matters and the possible impact on future operations given the uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the complexity and interpretation of applicable laws and regulations, the varying costs of alternative cleanup methods and the extent of the company’s responsibility. Expenses for environmental remediation matters related to the costs of installing, operating and maintaining groundwater-treatment systems and other remedial activities related to historical environmental contamination at the company’s domestic and international facilities were not material in any period presented. At March 29, 2025, there have been no material changes to the accruals for pending environmental-related matters disclosed in the company’s 2024 financial statements and notes included in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K. While management believes the accruals for environmental remediation are adequate based on current estimates of remediation costs, the company may be subject to additional remedial or compliance costs due to future events such as changes in existing laws and regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies or changes in the conduct of the company’s