the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We serve customers working in pharmaceutical and biotech companies, hospitals and clinical diagnostic labs, universities, research institutions and government agencies, as well as environmental, industrial, research and development, quality and process control settings. Our global team delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD.
We continuously increase our depth of capabilities across our broad portfolio of innovative products and services and leverage our extensive global channels to address our customers’ needs. We do this through organic investments in research and development, capacity and capabilities and through acquisitions. Our goal is to enable our customers to be more productive in an increasingly competitive business environment, enable them to accelerate innovation, solve their challenges and advance their important work.
Business Segments and Products
We report our business in four segments – Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics, and Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services.
Life Sciences Solutions Segment
Through our Life Sciences Solutions segment, we provide an extensive portfolio of reagents, instruments and consumables used in biological and medical research, discovery and production of new drugs and vaccines as well as diagnosis of infection and disease. These products and services are used by customers in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, agricultural, clinical, healthcare, academic, and government markets. Life Sciences Solutions includes three primary businesses – Biosciences, Genetic Sciences, and BioProduction.
Our biosciences business includes reagents, instruments and consumables that help our customers conduct biological and medical research in areas such as molecular biology and protein biology, discover new drugs and vaccines, and enable the diagnosis of infection and disease. Our genetic sciences business combines a wide variety of instruments and related reagents used to provide high-value genomic and proteomic solutions to assist customer decisions in the research, clinical, healthcare and applied markets. Our bioproduction business supports developers and manufacturers of biological-based therapeutics and vaccines with a portfolio of premium solutions and services focused on upstream cell culture, downstream purification, analytics for detection and quantitation of process/product impurities, and a suite of single-use solutions spanning the biologics workflow.
3
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Analytical Instruments Segment
Through our Analytical Instruments segment, we provide a broad offering of instruments and the supporting consumables, software and services that are used for a range of applications. These products and