100
% of the principal amount plus a specified make-whole premium and accrued interest, together with swap breakage costs payable to holders of the Japanese yen-denominated and Swiss franc-denominated private placement notes who have entered into cross-currency swap agreements. The company is subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants under the indentures and note purchase agreement governing the senior notes, the most restrictive of which limits the ability of the company to pledge certain property and assets as security under borrowing arrangements. The company was in compliance with all covenants related to its senior notes at March 29, 2025.
Thermo Fisher Scientific (Finance I) B.V. (Thermo Fisher International), a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the company, issued each of the following notes outstanding as of March 29, 2025, included in the table above (collectively, the “Euronotes”) in registered public offerings: the
0.00
% Senior Notes due 2025, the
0.80
% Senior Notes due 2030, the
1.125
% Senior Notes due 2033, the
1.625
% Senior Notes due 2041, and the
2.00
% Senior Notes due 2051. The company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of Thermo Fisher International’s obligations under the Euronotes and all of Thermo Fisher International’s other debt securities, and no other subsidiary of the company will guarantee these obligations. Thermo Fisher International is a “finance subsidiary” as defined in Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi) of the Exchange Act, with no assets or operations other than those related to the issuance, administration and repayment of the Euronotes and other debt securities issued by Thermo Fisher International from time to time. The financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Thermo Fisher International are consolidated in the financial statements of the company.
Note 4
.
Fair Value Measurements
Fair Value Measurements
The following tables present information about the company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
12
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
The company determines the fair value of its insurance contracts by obtaining the cash surrender value of the contracts from the issuer. The fair value of derivative contracts is the estimated amount that the company would receive/pay upon liquidation of the contracts, taking into account the change in interest rates and currency exchange rates. The company initially measures the fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration based on amounts expected to be transferred (probability-weighted) discounted to present value. Changes to the fair values of contingent consideration are recorded in selling, general and administrative expense. The company determines the fair value of its equity method and non-marketable equity investments that are not eligible for the net asset value (NAV) practical expedient by considering factors such as