by nonaffiliates of the Registrant was approximately $
211,032,682,000
(based on the last reported sale of common stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape reporting system on June 28, 2024).
As of February 1, 2025, the Registrant had
377,261,182
shares of Common Stock outstanding.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Sections of Thermo Fisher’s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Proxy Statement”) are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
2
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
PART I
Forward-looking Statements
Forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), are made throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding: projections of revenues, expenses, earnings, margins, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, and our liquidity position; cost reductions, restructuring activities, new product and service developments, competitive strengths or market position, acquisitions or divestitures; growth, declines and other trends in markets we sell into; new or modified laws, regulations and accounting pronouncements; outstanding claims, legal proceedings, tax audits and assessments and other contingent liabilities; foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; general economic and capital markets conditions; the timing of any of the foregoing; assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and any other statements that address events or developments that Thermo Fisher intends or believes will or may occur in the future. Without limiting the foregoing, the words “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “seeks,” “estimates,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements are accompanied by such words. While the company may elect to update forward-looking statements in the future, it specifically disclaims any obligation to do so, even if the company’s estimates change, and readers should not rely on those forward-looking statements as representing the company’s views as of any date subsequent to the date of the filing of this report. A number of important factors could cause the results of the company to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including those detailed under the heading, “
Risk Factors
” in Part I, Item 1A.
Item 1.    Business
Description of Business
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (also referred to in this document as “Thermo Fisher,” “we,” the “company,” or the “registrant”) is the world leader in serving science. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make