industrial and applied, as well as healthcare and diagnostics.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying financial statements include the accounts of the company and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
The company owns
60
% of its consolidated subsidiary PPD-SNBL K.K. The
40
% ownership interest held by a third party is classified as a redeemable noncontrolling interest on the consolidated balance sheet due to certain put options under which the third party may require the company to purchase the remaining ownership interest at a premium upon the occurrence of certain events.
Presentation
Certain reclassifications of prior year amounts have been made to conform to the current year presentation.
Amounts and percentages reported within these consolidated financial statements are presented and calculated based on underlying unrounded amounts. As a result, the sum of components may not equal corresponding totals due to rounding.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
The company’s estimates include, among others, asset reserve requirements as well as the amounts of future cash flows associated with certain assets and businesses that are used in assessing the risk of impairment. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents consists principally of money market funds and other marketable securities purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less. These investments are carried at cost, which approximates market value (see Note 4).
Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, cost being determined by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. The company periodically reviews quantities of inventories on hand and compares these amounts to the expected use of each product or product line. In addition, the company has certain inventory that is subject to fluctuating market pricing. The company records a charge to cost of sales for the amount required to reduce the carrying value of inventory to net realizable value. Costs associated with the procurement of inventories, such as inbound freight charges, purchasing and receiving costs, and internal transfer costs, are included in cost of revenues in the accompanying statement of income.
Contract-related Balances
Accounts receivable include unconditional rights to consideration from customers, which generally represent billings that do not bear interest. The company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimates of expected losses resulting