Note 1.
27
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates, which could affect its future results of operations and financial condition. The company manages its exposure to these risks through its regular operating and financing activities. The company has periodically hedged interest rate risks of fixed-rate instruments with offsetting interest rate swaps. Additionally, the company uses short-term forward and option contracts primarily to hedge certain balance sheet and operational exposures resulting from changes in currency exchange rates. Such exposures result from purchases, sales, cash and intercompany loans that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the respective operations. The currency-exchange contracts principally hedge transactions denominated in euro, Canadian dollars, British pounds sterling, Swedish krona, Singapore dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Swiss franc. Income and losses arising from these derivative contracts are recognized as offsets to losses and income resulting from the underlying exposure being hedged. The company does not enter into speculative derivative agreements.
Interest Rates
The company is exposed to changes in interest rates while conducting normal business operations as a result of ongoing investing and financing activities, which affect the company’s debt as well as cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2024, the company’s debt portfolio was comprised primarily of fixed rate borrowings. The fair market value of the company’s fixed interest rate debt is subject to interest rate risk. Generally, the fair market value of fixed interest rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. The total estimated fair value of the company’s debt at December 31, 2024 was $28.53 billion (Note 4). Fair values were determined from available market prices using current interest rates and terms to maturity. If interest rates were to decrease by 100 basis points, the fair value of the company’s debt at December 31, 2024 would increase by approximately $1.98 billion. If interest rates were to increase by 100 basis points, the fair value of the company’s debt at December 31, 2024 would decrease by approximately $1.76 billion.
In addition, the fair value of the company’s cross-currency interest rate swap arrangements is subject to interest rate risk. If interest rates were to decrease by 100 basis points, the fair value of the company’s cross-currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 would decrease by approximately $0.27 billion. If interest rates were to increase by 100 basis points, the fair value of the company’s cross-currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 would increase by approximately $0.40 billion.
Currency Exchange Rates
The company views its investments in international