market with the addition of highly differentiated solutions. It also complements the existing life sciences and mass spectrometry offerings, accelerating protein biomarker discovery and providing strong synergy opportunities. The goodwill recorded as a result of this business combination is not tax deductible.
The components of the purchase price and net assets acquired are as follows:
The weighted-average amortization periods for definite-lived intangible assets acquired in 2024 are
19
years for customer relationships,
15
years for product technology, and
15
years for tradenames. The weighted-average amortization period for definite-lived intangible assets acquired in 2024 is
18
years.
22
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Item 2.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), are made throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding: projections of revenues, expenses, earnings, margins, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, and our liquidity position; cost reductions, restructuring activities, new product and service developments, competitive strengths or market position, acquisitions or divestitures; growth, declines and other trends in markets we sell into; new or modified laws, regulations and accounting pronouncements; outstanding claims, legal proceedings, tax audits and assessments and other contingent liabilities; foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; general economic and capital markets conditions; the timing of any of the foregoing; assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and any other statements that address events or developments that Thermo Fisher intends or believes will or may occur in the future. Without limiting the foregoing, the words “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “seeks,” “estimates,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements are accompanied by such words. While the company may elect to update forward-looking statements in the future, it specifically disclaims any obligation to do so, even if the company’s estimates change, and readers should not rely on those forward-looking statements as representing the company’s views as of any date subsequent to the date of the filing of this report.
A number of important factors could cause the results of the company to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including those detailed under the caption “Risk Factors” in the company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31,