losses due to spot rate fluctuations on the euro-denominated debt instruments and certain foreign currency-denominated payables, and contract fair value changes on the cross-currency interest rate swaps, excluding interest accruals, are included in currency translation adjustment within other comprehensive items and shareholders’ equity.
See Note 1 and Note 3 for additional information on the company’s risk management objectives and strategies.
Note 11.
Business Segment and Geographical Information
The company’s financial performance is reported in
four
segments. A description of each segment follows.
Life Sciences Solutions: provides an extensive portfolio of reagents, instruments and consumables used in biological and medical research, discovery and production of new drugs and vaccines as well as diagnosis of infection and disease. These products and services are used by customers in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, agricultural, clinical, healthcare, academic, and government markets.
Analytical Instruments: provides a broad offering of instruments and the supporting consumables, software and services that are used for a range of applications in the laboratory and in the field. These products and services are used by customers in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, academic, government, environmental and other research and industrial markets, as well as the clinical laboratory.
Specialty Diagnostics: offers a wide range of diagnostic test kits, reagents, culture media, instruments and associated products to serve customers in healthcare, clinical, pharmaceutical, industrial, and food safety laboratories. Our healthcare products are used to increase the speed and accuracy of diagnoses, which improves patient care in a more cost-efficient manner.
Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services: offers virtually everything needed for the laboratory. Our unique combination of self-manufactured and sourced products and extensive service offering enables our customers to focus on their core activities and helps them to be more innovative, productive and cost-efficient. The segment also includes a comprehensive offering of outsourced services used by the pharmaceutical and biotech industries for drug development, clinical research, clinical trials services and commercial drug manufacturing.
The company’s management evaluates segment operating performance based on operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, restructuring and other costs, and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. The company uses this measure because it helps management understand and evaluate the segments’ core operating results and facilitates comparison of performance for determining compensation.
The company's president, chairman and chief executive officer is its chief operating decision maker (CODM). The CODM uses total revenues and segment income predominantly in the strategic plan, annual operating