upgrading a water treatment plant to address constituents such as chlorinated organic compounds, 1,4-dioxane, and perfluorooctanoic acid/perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOA/PFOS). In 2020, the court approved a consent decree that requires the company and another responsible party to finance and perform the required remediation work with USEPA oversight. In 2023, the design of a groundwater treatment plant was fully approved by USEPA. Construction commenced in 2024, and the plant is expected to be fully operating by April 2025.
In 2011, our Life Technologies subsidiary entered into a consent decree with the USEPA and other responsible parties to implement a groundwater remedy at the former Davis Landfill Superfund site in Smithfield, Rhode Island. After years of additional study, in September, 2020, USEPA revised its cleanup plan by selecting an interim remedial approach that includes groundwater treatment followed by additional monitoring of site conditions. Depending on the results of these treatment and monitoring activities over the next several years, USEPA anticipates selecting a final groundwater remedy for the site. In November 2021, the 2011 consent decree was amended to reflect the parties’ obligations to implement USEPA’s interim remedy, for which pre-design work commenced during 2022 and is ongoing.
We record accruals for environmental liabilities based on current interpretations of environmental laws and regulations when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of such liability can be reasonably estimated. We calculate estimates based upon several factors, including reports prepared by environmental specialists and management’s knowledge and experience with these environmental matters. We include in these estimates potential costs for investigation, remediation and operation and maintenance of cleanup sites. Accrued liabilities for environmental matters totaled $81 million at December 31, 2024.
These environmental liabilities do not include third-party recoveries to which we may be entitled. We believe that our accrual is adequate for the environmental liabilities we currently expect to incur. As a result, we believe that our ultimate liability with respect to environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, we may be subject to remedial or compliance costs due to future events, such as changes in existing laws and regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies, changes in the conduct of our operations, and the effect of changes in accounting rules, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For a discussion of the environmental laws and regulations that the Company’s operations, products and services are subject to and other environmental contingencies, refer to Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial