such arrangements, the company estimates the amount by which to reduce the stated contract amount to reflect the transaction price. The company records reimbursement for third-party pass-through and out-of-pocket costs as revenues and the related expenses as costs of revenues.
Research and Development
The company conducts research and development activities to increase its depth of capabilities in technologies, software and services. Research and development costs include employee compensation and benefits, consultants, facilities related costs, material costs, depreciation and travel. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
Restructuring Costs
Accounting for the timing and amount of termination benefits provided by the company to employees is determined based on whether: (a) the company has a substantive plan to provide such benefits, (b) the company has a written employment contract with the affected employees that includes a provision for such benefits, (c) the termination benefits are due to the occurrence of an event specified in an existing plan or agreement, or (d) the termination benefits are a one-time benefit. In certain circumstances, employee termination benefits may meet more than one of the characteristics listed above and therefore, may have individual elements that are subject to different accounting models.
From time to time when executing a restructuring or exit plan, the company also incurs costs other than termination benefits, such as lease termination costs, that are not associated with or will not be incurred to provide economic benefits to the company. These include costs that represent amounts under contractual obligations that exist prior to the restructuring plan communication date and will either continue after the restructuring plan is completed with no economic benefit or result in a penalty to cancel a contractual obligation. Such costs are recognized when incurred, which generally occurs at the contract termination or over the period from when a plan to abandon a leased facility is approved through the cease-use date but charges may continue over the remainder of the original contractual period.
Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share has been computed by dividing net income attributable to Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. Except where the result would be antidilutive to net income
41
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
attributable to Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., diluted earnings per share has been computed using the treasury stock method for outstanding stock options and restricted units (see Note 6).
Income Taxes
The company recognizes deferred income taxes based on the expected future tax consequences of differences between the financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, calculated using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the