considered service contracts, which are discussed above. Costs of service contracts are recognized as incurred.
40
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Foreign Currency Translation
All assets and liabilities of the company’s subsidiaries operating in non-U.S. dollar currencies are translated at period-end exchange rates. Resulting translation adjustments are reflected in the “accumulated other comprehensive items” component of shareholders’ equity. Revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period.
Revenue Recognition
Consumables revenues consist of single-use products and are recognized at a point in time following the transfer of control of such products to the customer, which generally occurs upon shipment. Instruments revenues typically consist of longer-lived assets that, for the substantial majority of sales, are recognized at a point in time in a manner similar to consumables. Service revenues (primarily clinical research, pharmaceutical, and instrument and enterprise services) are recognized over time as customers receive and consume the benefits of such services. For revenues recognized over time, the company generally uses costs accumulated relative to total estimated costs to measure progress as this method approximates satisfaction of the performance obligation. For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, the company allocates the consideration to which it expects to be entitled (i.e., the transaction price) to each performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices and recognizes the related revenues when or as control of each individual performance obligation is transferred to customers. The company exercises judgment in determining the timing of revenue by analyzing the point in time or the period over which the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the asset. The company immediately expenses contract costs that would otherwise be capitalized and amortized over a period of less than one year.
Changes to the scope of services contracts generally also include changes in the transaction price. Typically, these contract modifications are not distinct from existing services provided under the contract, and result in cumulative adjustments to revenue on the modification date. However, some modifications are distinct from existing services provided under the contract and recognized prospectively.
Payments from customers for most instruments and consumables are typically due in a fixed number of days after shipment or delivery of the product. Service arrangements commonly call for payments in advance of performing the work (e.g., extended service contracts), upon completion of the service (e.g., pharmaceutical services) or a mix of both. Some arrangements include variable amounts of consideration that arise from discounts, rebates, and other programs and practices. In