operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Litigation and Related Contingencies
The company is involved in various disputes, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, inquiries, investigations and proceedings, and litigation matters that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. The disputes and litigation matters include product liability, intellectual property, employment and commercial issues. Due to the inherent uncertainties associated with pending litigation or claims, the company cannot predict the outcome, nor, with respect to certain pending litigation or claims where no liability has been accrued, make a meaningful estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome. The company has no material accruals for pending litigation or claims for which accrual amounts are not disclosed in the company’s 2024 financial statements and notes included in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, nor are material losses deemed probable for such matters. It is reasonably possible, however, that an unfavorable outcome that exceeds the company’s current accrual estimate, if any, for one or more such matters could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
Product Liability, Workers Compensation and Other Personal Injury Matters
The company is involved in various proceedings and litigation that arise from time to time in connection with product liability, workers compensation and other personal injury matters. At March 29, 2025, there have been no material changes to the accruals for pending product liability, workers compensation, and other personal injury matters disclosed in the company’s 2024 financial statements and notes included in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although the company believes that the amounts accrued and estimated insurance recoveries are probable and appropriate based on available information, including actuarial studies of loss estimates, the process of estimating losses and insurance recoveries involves a considerable degree of judgment by management and the ultimate amounts could vary, which could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Insurance contracts do not relieve the company of its primary obligation with respect to any losses incurred. The collectability of amounts due from its insurers is subject to the solvency and willingness of the insurer to pay, as well as the legal sufficiency of the insurance claims. Management monitors the payment history as well as the financial condition and ratings of its insurers on an ongoing basis.
14
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Note 6.
Supplemental Income Statement Information
Disaggregated Revenues
Revenues by type are as