distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil sanctions, including monetary sanctions, and criminal actions. In addition, such problems or failures could subject us to litigation claims, including claims from our customers for reimbursement for the cost of lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, the cost of which could be significant.
A violation of data privacy or data protection laws could adversely harm our operating results and financial condition, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business.
As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and data protection laws, rules, and customer-imposed controls as a result of producing, collecting, processing, storing and transmitting confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. A significant number of countries where we operate have enacted privacy or data protection laws, rules and regulations, the majority of which have extraterritorial scope, creating significant compliance challenges as we seek to maintain our global reach, with significant penalties for non-compliance, based on total worldwide annual revenue from the preceding financial year. In some cases, there are restrictions on the transfer of personal data outside the home country. More recently, privacy and data protection regulators are paying special attention to emerging issues linked to new digital technologies, such as the use of artificial intelligence, biometrics, and surveillance technologies, which pose unique challenges to existing privacy and data protection paradigms. For example, in the U.S., individual states regulate data breach and security requirements, and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. European laws require us to have an approved legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of Europe, and the EU General Data Protection Regulation imposes significantly stricter requirements in how we collect and process personal data. Several countries, such as China, have passed laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. Any actual or perceived noncompliance with these laws, rules and regulations, our internal policies and procedures or our contracts governing the processing of personal data could result in significant consequences, including, among other things, business interruption, sanctions and significant pecuniary fines, regulatory inquiries and investigations, adverse publicity, loss of competitive advantage and customer trust, as well as privacy litigation and civil lawsuits with damages, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. The importance of privacy and data protection laws, rules and regulations for our industry specifically is constantly growing, as personal data is an integral part of doing business in our sectors, and the legal