equals any tax cost arising from the dividends. As a result of using such means of transferring cash to the U.S., the company does not expect any material adverse liquidity effects from its significant non-U.S. cash balances for the foreseeable future.
The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
As of March 29, 2025, the company’s short-term obligations and current maturities of long-term obligations totaled $2.82 billion. The company has a revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $5.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit (Note 3). If the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. As of March 29, 2025, no borrowings were outstanding under the company’s revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by immaterial outstanding letters of credit.
Operating Activities
During the first three months of 2025, cash provided by income was offset in part by investments in working capital. Changes in other assets and liabilities used cash of $1.19 billion primarily due to the timing of payments for compensation and income taxes. Cash payments for income taxes were $0.65 billion during the first three months of 2025.
During the first three months of 2024, cash provided by income was offset in part by investments in working capital. Changes in other assets and other liabilities used cash of $0.57 billion primarily due to the timing of payments for compensation and income taxes. Cash payments for income taxes were $0.65 billion during the first three months of 2024.
Investing Activities
During the first three months of 2025 the company’s investing activities included purchases of $0.36 billion for the purchase of property, plant and equipment for capacity and capability investments.
During the first three months of 2024, purchases of short-term investments used cash of $1.76 billion. The company’s investing activities also included purchases of $0.35 billion of property, plant and equipment for capacity and capability investments.
The company expects that for all of 2025, expenditures for property, plant and equipment, net of disposals, will be between $1.4 billion and $1.7 billion.
Financing Activities
During the first three months of 2025, issuance of debt provided $2.84 billion of cash. Repayment of senior notes used cash of $0.84 billion. The company’s financing activities also included the repurchase of $2.00 billion of the company’s common stock (3.6 million shares) and the payment of $0.15 billion in cash dividends. On November 15, 2024, the Board of