use of the company’s existing commercial infrastructure to expand sales of the acquired businesses’ products and services; and use of the commercial infrastructure of the acquired businesses to cost-effectively expand sales of company products and services.
Acquisitions have been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, and the acquired companies’ results have been included in the accompanying financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition. Acquisition transaction costs are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses as incurred.
2024
On July 10, 2024, the company acquired, within the Life Sciences Solutions segment, Olink Holding AB (publ), a Swedish-based provider of next-generation proteomics solutions. The acquisition enhances the segment’s capabilities in the high-growth proteomics market with the addition of highly differentiated solutions. It also complements the existing life sciences and mass spectrometry offerings, accelerating protein biomarker discovery and providing strong synergy opportunities. The goodwill recorded as a result of this business combination is not tax deductible.
The components of the purchase price and net assets acquired are as follows:
The weighted-average amortization periods for definite-lived intangible assets acquired in 2024 are
19
years for customer relationships,
15
years for product technology, and
15
years for tradenames. The weighted-average amortization period for definite-lived intangible assets acquired in 2024 is
18
years.
2023
On January 3, 2023, the company acquired, within the Specialty Diagnostics segment, The Binding Site Group, a U.K.-based provider of specialty diagnostic assays and instruments to improve the diagnosis and management of blood cancers and immune system disorders. The acquisition expands the segment’s portfolio with the addition of pioneering innovation in diagnostics and monitoring for multiple myeloma. The goodwill recorded as a result of this business combination is not tax deductible.
On August 14, 2023, the company acquired, within the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, CorEvitas, LLC, a U.S.-based provider of regulatory-grade, real-world evidence for approved medical treatments and therapies. The acquisition expands the segment’s portfolio with the addition of highly complementary real-world evidence solutions to enhance decision-making as well as the time and cost of drug development. The goodwill recorded as a result of this business combination is not tax deductible.
65
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
The components of the purchase price and net assets acquired are as follows:
In addition, in 2023, the company acquired, within the Analytical Instruments segment, a U.S.-based developer of Raman-based spectroscopy solutions for in-line measurement.
The weighted-average amortization periods for definite-lived intangible assets acquired in 2023 are
18
years