19
million attributable to a noncontrolling interest.
The company expects to pay accrued restructuring costs primarily through 2025.
Earnings per Share
The company’s earnings per share are as follows:
Other Income/(Expense)
In all periods, other income/(expense) includes currency transaction gains/losses on non-operating monetary assets and liabilities and net periodic pension benefit cost/(income), excluding the service cost component, which is included in operating expenses on the accompanying statements of income. In 2024, 2023, and 2022 other income/(expense) includes $
21
million, $(
46
) million, and $(
161
) million of net gains/(losses) on investments, respectively. In 2022 other income/(expense) includes $
67
million of net gains on derivative instruments to address certain foreign currency risks, and $
26
million of losses on the early extinguishment of debt (Note 3).
Foreign Currency Transactions
Foreign currency transaction gains/(losses) included in the accompanying statements of income were $
0
million, $(
67
) million and $
62
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Note 7.
Income Taxes
The components of income before provision for income taxes are as follows:
55
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:
The provision for income taxes in the accompanying statement of income differs from the provision calculated by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes due to the following:
The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately
70
countries outside the U.S. The company's effective income tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate each year due to certain operations that are subject to tax incentives, state and local taxes, non-deductible interest in certain foreign jurisdictions, and foreign taxes that are different than the U.S. federal statutory rate.
During 2024, the company recorded a tax reserve and associated interest of $
240
million related to the settlement of international tax audits for tax years 2009 through 2016, which were settled in 2024. The company also recorded tax benefits of $
459
million, primarily in jurisdictions where the deferred tax assets are now expected to be realized due to forecasted income. The benefits were partially offset by tax provisions primarily associated with disallowed interest expense and net operating loss carryforwards that are not expected to be realized.
During 2023, the company released valuation allowances of $
32
million in jurisdictions where the deferred tax assets are now expected to be realized. In 2023 the company also recorded a tax benefit of $
127
million for U.S. tax credits and the revaluation of net operating loss carryforwards due to higher tax rates as a result of its tax return resubmissions, a $
91
million tax benefit, net of related tax expenses, from a foreign exchange loss on an intercompany