adjusted tax rates decreased in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, due to a $125 million deferred tax benefit resulting from the recognition of a tax attribute related to a domestication transaction. The company’s GAAP and adjusted tax rates in the first quarter of 2024 were also impacted by $102 million of tax benefits resulting from capital losses generated as part of intra-entity transactions. The company’s GAAP tax rate in the first quarter of 2024 was also impacted by $176 million of expense, net, for a provision associated with a tax audit. (Note 7).
The effective tax rates in the first quarter of both 2025 and 2024 were also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. Due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company’s cash payments for income taxes are higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and are expected to total approximately $1.80 billion in 2025.
The company expects its GAAP effective tax rate in 2025 will be between 6% and 8% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits. The effective tax rate can vary significantly from period to period as a result of discrete income tax factors and events. The company expects its adjusted tax rate will be approximately 10.5% in 2025.
The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 70 countries outside the U.S. Some of these countries have lower tax rates than the U.S. The company’s ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the U.S. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. Based on the dispersion of the company’s non-U.S. income tax provision among many countries, the company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect the company’s income tax provision or net income.
Weighted average diluted shares decreased in 2025 compared to 2024 due to share repurchases, net of option dilution.
26
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The company’s proven growth strategy has enabled it to generate free cash flow as well as access the capital markets. The company deploys its capital primarily via mergers and acquisitions and secondarily via share buybacks and dividends.
Approximately half of the company’s cash balances and cash flows from operations are from outside the U.S. The company uses its non-U.S. cash for needs outside of the U.S. including acquisitions, capacity expansion, and repayment of third-party foreign debt by foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the company also transfers cash to the U.S. using non-taxable intercompany transactions, including loans and returns of capital, as well as dividends where the related U.S. dividend received deduction or foreign tax credit