employee stock purchase plan.
73
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Not applicable.
Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures
Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The company’s management, with the participation of the company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, the company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of the end of such period, the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in the company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The company’s management, including the company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The company’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, the company’s management concluded that, as of December 31, 2024, the company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective.
The company’s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, as stated in their report that appears on page
30
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 9B.    Other Information
Amendment and Restatement of By-Laws
On February