THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
The company expects that for all of 2025, expenditures for property, plant and equipment, net of disposals, will be between $1.4 billion and $1.7 billion.
Financing Activities
During 2024, issuance of debt provided $1.20 billion of cash. Repayment of debt used cash of $3.61 billion. The company’s financing activities also included the repurchase of $4.00 billion of the company’s common stock (7.4 million shares) and the payment of $0.58 billion in cash dividends. On November 15, 2024, the Board of Directors announced that it replaced the existing authorization to repurchase the company’s common stock, of which $1.00 billion was remaining, with a new authorization to repurchase up to $4.00 billion of the company’s common stock.
Early in the first quarter of 2025, the company repurchased $2.00 billion (3.6 million shares) of the company's common stock. At February 20, 2025, $1.00 billion was available for future repurchases of the company’s common stock under this authorization.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company issued Fr.1.15 billion of Swiss franc-denominated debt (Note 3).
During 2023, issuance of debt provided $5.94 billion of cash. Repayment of debt and net commercial paper activity used cash of $5.78 billion and $0.32 billion, respectively. The company’s financing activities also included the repurchase of $3.00 billion of the company's common stock (5.2 million shares) and the payment of $0.52 billion in cash dividends.
In addition to the obligations on the balance sheet at December 31, 2024, which include, but are not limited to pension obligations (Note 14), unrecognized tax benefits (Note 7), debt (Note 3), operating leases (Note 13), and contingent consideration (Note 4), the company also has unconditional purchase obligations in the ordinary course of business that include agreements to purchase goods, services or fixed assets, pay royalties, and fund capital commitments pursuant to investments held by the company (Note 5).
Non-GAAP Measures
In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we use certain non-GAAP financial measures such as organic revenue growth, which is reported revenue growth, excluding the impacts of revenues from acquired/divested businesses and the effects of currency translation. We report organic revenue growth because Thermo Fisher management believes that in order to understand the company’s short-term and long-term financial trends, investors may wish to consider the impact of acquisitions/divestitures and foreign currency translation on revenues. Thermo Fisher management uses organic revenue growth to forecast and evaluate the operational performance of the company as well as to compare revenues of current periods to prior periods.
We report adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted other income/(expense), adjusted tax rate, and adjusted EPS. We believe that the use of these non-GAAP