Adjusted results in 2024 also exclude $12 million of charges for inventory write-downs associated with large-scale abandonment of product lines.
(b)
Adjusted results exclude certain third-party expenses, principally transaction/integration costs related to recent acquisitions and charges/credits for changes in estimates of contingent acquisition consideration.
(c)
Adjusted results exclude restructuring and other costs consisting principally of severance, impairments of long-lived assets, net charges/credits for pre-acquisition litigation and other matters, and abandoned facility and other expenses of headcount reductions and real estate consolidations.
(d)
Adjusted results exclude net gains/losses on investments.
(e)
Adjusted results exclude incremental tax impacts for the reconciling items between GAAP and adjusted net income, incremental tax impacts as a result of tax rate/law changes, and the tax impacts from audit settlements.
29
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Management’s Discussion and Analysis and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K
for 2024 describe the significant accounting estimates and policies used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements. There have been no significant changes in the company’s critical accounting policies during the first three months of 2025.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
A description of recently issued accounting standards is included under the heading “Recent Accounting Pronouncements” in Note 1.
Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The company’s exposure to market risk from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates has not changed materially from its exposure discussed in the company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 4.    Controls and Procedures
Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The company’s management, with the participation of the company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, the company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of the end of such period, the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in the company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in