2024 (which is on file with the SEC). Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties relating to: the COVID-19 pandemic; the need to develop new products and adapt to significant technological change; implementation of strategies for improving growth; general economic conditions and related uncertainties; dependence on customers’ capital spending policies and government funding policies; the effect of economic and political conditions and exchange rate fluctuations on international operations; use and protection of intellectual property; the effect of changes in governmental regulations; any natural disaster, public health crisis or other catastrophic event; and the effect of laws and regulations governing government contracts, as well as the possibility that expected benefits related to recent or pending acquisitions may not materialize as expected.
The company refers to various amounts or measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (non-GAAP measures). These non-GAAP measures are further described and reconciled to their most directly comparable amount or measure under the section “
Non-GAAP Measures
” later in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Certain amounts and percentages reported within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are presented and calculated based on underlying unrounded amounts. As a result, the sum of components may not equal corresponding totals due to rounding.
Overview
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. enables customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer by helping them accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, increase laboratory productivity, and improve patient health through diagnostics and the development and manufacture of life-changing therapies. Markets served include pharmaceutical and biotech, academic and government, industrial and applied, as well as healthcare and diagnostics. The company’s operations fall into four segments (Note 11): Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics and Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services.
Consolidated Results
23
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Organic Revenue Growth
During the first quarter of 2025, revenues grew slightly in the pharma and biotech market due to increased demand from customers, partially offset by reduced demand for COVID-19 vaccine and therapy related products and services. Revenues in the academic and government market declined driven by the macro conditions in the U.S. and China. Revenue to customers in the industrial and applied market and the diagnostics and healthcare market grew. During the first quarter of 2025, sales grew in Europe and Asia-Pacific. Sales were flat in North America. The first quarter of 2025 was also impacted by two fewer selling days than the first quarter of 2024.