Bioproduction grew $81 million, driven by higher demand from pharma and biotech customers, and genetic sciences grew $41 million, driven by the 2024 acquisition of Olink. Biosciences revenue was $66 million lower due to lower demand from academic and government customers. The decrease in segment income margin resulted primarily from unfavorable business mix and the impact of the Olink acquisition, partially offset by very strong productivity improvements.
Analytical Instruments
The increase in organic revenues in the first quarter of 2025 was primarily due to growth in the electron microscopy business. On a reported basis revenue grew $30 million, driven by strong demand for electron microscopy which grew $80 million, partially offset by lower demand, largely in China, for chemical analysis products, which had $34 million lower revenue. The decrease in segment income margin resulted primarily from strategic investments and the impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by strong productivity improvements.
Specialty Diagnostics
The increase in organic revenues in the first quarter of 2025 was led by the healthcare market channel, as well as the immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. On a reported basis, the healthcare market channel grew $36 million, which contributed 3 percentage points of reported revenue growth in the segment. Segment income margin was flat in the first quarter of 2025.
25
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Laboratory Products and Biopharma
Services
The decrease in organic revenues in the first quarter of 2025 was primarily due to moderation in COVID-19 related revenue, which was largely offset by strong growth in the pharma services business and the research and safety market channel. On a reported basis, the clinical research business declined $95 million, or 2 percentage points of negative reported growth in the segment. Segment income margin was flat in the first quarter of 2025, with very strong productivity offset by unfavorable mix and strategic investments.
Non-operating Items
Net interest expense (interest expense less interest income) in the first quarter of 2025 increased due primarily to lower cash, and cash equivalents and short-term investments balances, as well as lower interest rates on these balances when compared to the first quarter of 2024. In the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, the company’s net interest expense was reduced by approximately $67 million and $65 million, respectively, as a result of its interest rate swap and cross-currency interest rate swap arrangements (Note 10).
GAAP other income/(expense) and adjusted other income/(expense) includes currency transaction gains/losses on non-operating monetary assets and liabilities, and net periodic pension benefit cost/income, excluding the service cost component. GAAP other income/(expense) in the first quarter of 2025 and 2024 also includes $1 million and $10 million, respectively, of net gains on investments.
The company’s GAAP and