transactions for the identical or similar investments of the same issuer. The company performs qualitative assessments to identify impairments of these investments. All gains and losses on non-equity method investments are recognized in other income/(expense).
Other Assets
Other assets in the accompanying balance sheet include operating lease right-of-use assets, investments, deferred tax assets, pension assets, insurance recovery receivables related to product liability matters, certain intangible assets and other assets.
39
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Goodwill
The company assesses goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually and whenever events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Such events or circumstances generally include the occurrence of operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with one or more of the company’s reporting units. The company is permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary. If the qualitative assessment results in a determination that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not less than its carrying amount, the company performs a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The company may bypass the qualitative assessment for the reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The company estimates the fair value of its reporting units by using forecasts of discounted future cash flows and peer market multiples. The company would record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit’s carrying amount over its fair value (limited to the amount of goodwill). The company determined that no impairments existed in 2024, 2023 or 2022.
Fair Value Measurements
Assets and liabilities carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:
Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the company has the ability to access.
Level 2: Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves.
Level 3: Inputs are unobservable data points that are not corroborated by market data.
The company determines the fair value of its insurance contracts by obtaining the cash surrender value of the contracts from the issuer. The fair value of derivative contracts is the estimated amount that the company would receive/pay upon liquidation of the contracts, taking into account the change in interest rates and currency exchange rates. The company initially measures the fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration based on amounts expected to be transferred (probability-weighted) discounted to present value. Changes to the fair values of