subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar as permanent. The company’s investment in international subsidiaries is sensitive to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The functional currencies of the company’s international subsidiaries are principally denominated in British pounds sterling, euro, Swedish krona, Canadian dollars, Norwegian kroner and Swiss franc. The effect of a change in the period ending currency exchange rates on the company’s net investment in international subsidiaries is reflected in the “accumulated other comprehensive items” component of shareholders’ equity. The company also uses foreign currency-denominated debt to partially hedge its net investments in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. A 10% depreciation in year-end 2024 functional currencies, relative to the U.S. dollar, would result in a reduction of shareholders’ equity of approximately $2.05 billion.
The fair value of forward currency-exchange contracts is sensitive to changes in currency exchange rates. The fair value of forward currency-exchange contracts is the estimated amount that the company would pay or receive upon termination of the contract, taking into account the change in currency exchange rates. A 10% depreciation in year-end 2024 non-functional currency exchange rates related to the company’s contracts would result in an unrealized loss on forward currency-exchange contracts of $32 million. A 10% appreciation in year-end 2024 non-functional currency exchange rates related to the company’s contracts would result in an additional unrealized gain on forward currency-exchange contracts of $37 million. The unrealized gains or losses on forward currency-exchange contracts resulting from changes in currency exchange rates are expected to approximately offset losses or gains on the exposures being hedged.
Certain of the company’s cash and cash equivalents are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the depositor and are sensitive to changes in currency exchange rates. A 10% depreciation in the related year-end 2024 non-functional currency exchange rates applied to such cash balances would result in a negative impact of $16 million on the company’s net income.
28
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
INDEX OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
29
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of redeemable noncontrolling interest and equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including