designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of part of the net investment in a foreign operation. Accordingly, foreign currency transaction gains or losses due to spot rate fluctuations on the euro-denominated debt instruments and certain foreign currency-denominated payables, and contract fair value changes on the cross-currency interest rate swaps, excluding interest accruals, are included in currency translation adjustment within other comprehensive items and shareholders’ equity.
The fair value of the cross-currency interest rate swaps is included in the accompanying balance sheets under the caption other assets or other long-term liabilities. The fair value of the currency exchange contracts is included in the accompanying balance sheets under the captions other current assets or other accrued expenses.
Leases
Operating leases that have commenced are included in other assets, other accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Finance leases that have commenced are included in property, plant and equipment, net, current maturities of long-term obligations and long-term obligations in the consolidated balance sheet. Classification of lease liabilities as either current or noncurrent is based on the expected timing of payments due under the company’s obligations.
Right-of-use (ROU) assets represent the company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. The company recognizes operating lease
42
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease expense includes depreciation, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected life of the leased asset, and an immaterial amount of interest expense.
Because most of the company’s leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, the company estimates incremental borrowing rates based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The company uses the implicit rate when readily determinable. Lease terms include the effect of options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the company will exercise that option.
As a lessee, the company accounts for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component (see Note 13).
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
The company recognizes the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans as an asset or liability. This amount is defined as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit