in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the company is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including such major jurisdictions as Australia, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Japan, Singapore, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States. With few exceptions, the company is no longer subject to U.S. state and local or non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2012 and no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years before 2019.
58
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Note 8.
Comprehensive Income/(Loss) and Shareholders' Equity
Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive items, net of tax are as follows:
Shareholders’ Equity
At December 31, 2024, the company had reserved
37
million unissued shares of its common stock for possible issuance under stock-based compensation plans.
Early in the first quarter of 2025, the company repurchased $
2.00
billion of the company's common stock (
3.6
million shares).
Note 9.
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Supplemental cash flow information is as follows:
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is included in the consolidated balance sheet as follows:
Amounts included in restricted cash primarily represent funds held as collateral for bank guarantees, pension related deposits, and incoming cash in China awaiting government administrative clearance.
59
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Note 10.
Derivatives
Derivative Contracts
The following table provides the aggregate notional value of outstanding derivative contracts.
While certain derivatives are subject to netting arrangements with counterparties, the company does not offset derivative assets and liabilities within the balance sheet. The following tables present the fair value of derivative instruments in the accompanying balance sheets and statements of income.
60
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Gains and losses recognized on currency exchange contracts and the interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges are included in the accompanying statements of income together with the corresponding, offsetting losses and gains on the underlying hedged transactions.
The company uses foreign currency-denominated debt, certain foreign currency-denominated payables, and cross-currency interest rate swaps to partially hedge its net investments in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. A portion of the company’s euro-denominated senior notes, certain foreign currency-denominated payables, and its cross-currency interest rate swaps have been designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of part of the net investment in a foreign operation. Accordingly, foreign currency transaction gains or