operating income margin during 2024 were more than offset by lower levels of amortization expense. We estimate that charges for restructuring and related actions incurred for headcount reductions and facility consolidations, which resulted in charges of approximately $0.3 billion in 2024 and $0.3 billion in 2023, will realize annual cost savings of approximately $0.2 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively, primarily due to reduced employee and facility expenses.
The company’s references to strategic investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, research and development projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience, as well as incentive compensation and recognition for employees. The company’s references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its Practical Process Improvement (PPI) business system to address inflation, including reduced costs resulting from implementing continuous improvement methodologies, global sourcing initiatives, a lower cost structure following restructuring actions including headcount reductions and consolidation of facilities, and low cost region manufacturing.
Notable Recent Acquisitions
On January 3, 2023, the company acquired, within the Specialty Diagnostics segment, The Binding Site Group, a U.K.-based provider of specialty diagnostic assays and instruments to improve the diagnosis and management of blood cancers and immune system disorders. The acquisition expands the segment’s portfolio with the addition of pioneering innovation in diagnostics and monitoring for multiple myeloma.
On August 14, 2023, the company acquired, within the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, CorEvitas, LLC, a U.S.-based provider of regulatory-grade, real-world evidence for approved medical treatments and therapies. The acquisition expands the segment’s portfolio with the addition of highly complementary real-world evidence solutions to enhance decision-making as well as the time and cost of drug development.
On July 10, 2024, the company acquired, within the Life Sciences Solutions segment, Olink Holding AB (publ), a Swedish-based provider of next-generation proteomics solutions. The acquisition enhances the segment’s capabilities in the high-growth proteomics market with the addition of highly differentiated solutions. It also complements the existing life sciences and mass
20
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
spectrometry offerings, accelerating protein biomarker discovery and providing strong synergy opportunities.
Segment Results
The company’s management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits as defined in Note 11. Accordingly, the following segment data are reported on this basis.
The decrease in