determinable fair values and are not eligible for the NAV practical expedient investments had carrying amounts of $
41
million and $
12
million, respectively. Investments measured at NAV were $
40
million and $
28
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
46
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment are as follows:
Note 3.
Debt and Other Financing Arrangements
The company’s debt and other financing arrangements are as follows:
47
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
The effective interest rates for the fixed-rate debt include the stated interest on the notes, the accretion of any discounts/premiums and the amortization of any debt issuance costs.
See Note 4 for fair value information pertaining to the company’s long-term borrowings.
As of December 31, 2024, the annual repayment requirements for debt obligations are as follows:
48
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
In addition to available borrowings under the company’s revolving credit agreements, discussed below, the company had unused lines of credit of $
65
million as of December 31, 2024. These unused lines of credit generally provide for short-term unsecured borrowings at various interest rates.
Credit Facilities
The company has a revolving credit facility (the Facility) with a bank group that provides for up to $
5.00
billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. The Facility expires on January 7, 2027. The revolving credit agreement calls for interest at either a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), a Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)-based rate (for funds drawn in euro), or a rate based on the prime lending rate of the agent bank, at the company’s option. The agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default customary for facilities of this type. The covenants in the Facility include a Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio (Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Net Interest Expense), as such terms are defined in the Facility. Specifically, the company has agreed that, so long as any lender has any commitment under the Facility, any letter of credit is outstanding under the Facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the Facility, it will maintain a minimum Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio of
3.5
:1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. As of December 31, 2024,
no
borrowings were outstanding under the Facility, although available capacity was reduced by immaterial outstanding letters of credit.
Commercial Paper Programs
The company has commercial paper programs pursuant to which it may issue and sell unsecured, short-term promissory notes (CP Notes). Under the U.S. program, a) maturities may not exceed
397
days from the date of issue and b) the CP Notes are issued on a private