of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design, certain materials components may be sourced from a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such materials or components.
Raw material and fuel prices are subject to fluctuations due to market conditions. We employ many strategies, including the use of alternative materials, to mitigate the effect of these fluctuations on our results.
Patents, Licenses and Trademarks
Patents are important in many aspects of our business. No particular patent, or related group of patents, is so important, however, that its loss would significantly affect our operations as a whole. Where appropriate, we seek patent protection for inventions and developments made by our personnel that are incorporated into our products or otherwise fall within our fields of interest. Patent rights resulting from work sponsored by outside parties do not always accrue exclusively to the company and may be limited by agreements or contracts.
We protect some of our technology as trade secrets and, where appropriate, we use trademarks or register trademarks used in connection with products. We also enter into license agreements with others to grant and/or receive rights to intellectual property rights.
All trademarks, trade names, product names, graphics and logos of Thermo Fisher contained herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Thermo Fisher or its subsidiaries, as applicable, in the United States and/or other countries. Solely for convenience, we may refer to trademarks in this Annual Report on Form 10-K without the ™ and ® symbols. Such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent permitted by law, our rights to our trademarks. To the extent other trademarks appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, they are the property of their respective owners.
Seasonal Influences
Revenues in the fourth quarter are historically stronger than in other quarters due to the capital spending patterns of industrial, pharmaceutical and government customers. Sales of seasonal products, such as allergy and flu tests and related diagnostic products, vary quarter to quarter and year to year.
Competition
The company encounters aggressive and able competition in virtually all of the markets we serve. Because of the diversity of our products and services, we face many different types of competitors and competition. Our competitors include a broad range of manufacturers, third-party distributors and service providers. Competitive climates in many of the markets we serve are characterized by changing technology and customer demands that require continuing research and development. Our success primarily depends on the following factors:
•
technical performance and advances in technology that result in new products and improved price/performance ratios;
•
product differentiation, availability and reliability;
•