strive to create a safe, fair and positive working environment for our colleagues around the world. We want our teams to feel they have a stake in our success, a voice in our direction and to be empowered to make a difference for the key stakeholders we serve.
We also prioritize engagement, empowerment and continuous improvement to enable colleagues to contribute, collaborate and innovate. To advance this goal, we conduct an annual Employee Involvement Survey to solicit direct feedback from our colleagues on what we’re doing well and where we need to improve. We then compile the feedback to measure our progress using three key indices: Leadership, Involvement and Inclusion. Our continued focus on enhancing our culture helps position our company to be an even better place to work.
We are committed to maintaining the strongest team in our industry, focusing on developing and retaining our colleagues, while leveraging our Mission and leadership brand to attract new colleagues to our company. As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 125,000 colleagues globally, with an approximate regional distribution as follows: 60,000 based in the Americas, 22,000 in the Asia-Pacific region, and nearly 43,000 in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
In today’s environment, we know talent is a key differentiator, and that building the strongest team in the industry is critical to our future. Our overarching goal from a talent perspective is to create opportunities for our colleagues to achieve their full potential and career aspirations here at Thermo Fisher. We encourage and support colleagues to enhance their skills, so they are in the best position to deliver on their goals and achieve their career objectives. From our colleague referral program, summer internships, university relations, to our Graduate Leadership Development Program, we continue to build strong internal and external talent channels.
Once on board, talent development at Thermo Fisher is a key organizational capability. We continue to make significant investments to support our colleagues along every step of their career journey. Our talent development framework incorporates a multi-faceted approach, including formal and self-paced training, networking opportunities, on-the-job stretch learning, coaching, mentoring and manager training utilizing contemporary technology solutions to support the broad needs of our workforce.
We provide multiple programs at all career levels, from online learning for all colleagues through Thermo Fisher University, to focused trainings for managers at various experience levels, to our Global Leadership Program for executives. We also support our colleagues’ career advancement through our tuition reimbursement program.
7
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
In a company our size, we can also actively manage our talent through rotational opportunities across our businesses, functions and geographies that help our colleagues gain new experiences, share