Contributions to organic revenue during the first quarter of 2025 from the Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics, and Life Sciences Solutions segments were partially offset by declines in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment.
The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy which consists of three pillars:
•
High-impact innovation,
•
Our trusted partner status with customers, and
•
Our unparalleled commercial engine.
GAAP operating income margin and adjusted operating income margin decreased in the first quarter of 2025 due primarily to unfavorable business mix, strategic investments, and the impacts of foreign exchange, largely offset by very strong productivity improvements. The aforementioned decrease in GAAP operating margin in the first quarter of 2025 was more than offset by lower levels of amortization expense, partially offset by higher levels of restructuring and other charges incurred for headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations (Note 6).
The company’s references to strategic investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, research and development projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience, as well as incentive compensation and recognition for employees. The company’s references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its Practical Process Improvement (PPI) business system to address inflation, including reduced costs resulting from implementing continuous improvement methodologies, global sourcing initiatives, a lower cost structure following restructuring actions including headcount reductions and consolidation of facilities, and low cost region manufacturing.
Notable Recent Acquisitions
On July 10, 2024, the company acquired, within the Life Sciences Solutions segment, Olink Holding AB (publ), a Swedish-based provider of next-generation proteomics solutions. The acquisition enhances the segment’s capabilities in the high-growth proteomics market with the addition of highly differentiated solutions. It also complements the existing life sciences and mass spectrometry offerings, accelerating protein biomarker discovery and providing strong synergy opportunities.
Segment Results
The company’s management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits as defined in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K
for 2024. Accordingly, the following segment data are reported on this basis.
24
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Life Sciences Solutions
The increase in organic revenues in the first quarter of 2025 was driven by the bioproduction business. On a reported basis, revenue grew by $56 million.