contingent consideration are recorded in selling, general and administrative expense. The company determines the fair value of its equity method and non-marketable equity investments that are not eligible for the NAV practical expedient by considering factors such as financial position, operating results and cash flows of the investee; recent transactions in the same or similar securities; significant recent events affecting the investee; the price paid by Thermo Fisher; among others.
Loss Contingencies
Accruals are recorded for various contingencies, including legal proceedings, environmental, workers’ compensation, product, general and auto liabilities, self-insurance and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. The accruals are based on management’s judgment, historical claims experience, the probability of losses and, where applicable, the consideration of opinions of internal and/or external legal counsel and actuarial estimates. Additionally, the company records receivables from third-party insurers up to the amount of the loss when recovery has been determined to be probable.
The company records accruals for environmental remediation liabilities, based on current interpretations of environmental laws and regulations, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of such liability can be reasonably estimated. The company calculates estimates based upon several factors, including input from environmental specialists and management’s knowledge of and experience with these environmental matters. The company includes in these estimates potential costs for investigation, remediation and operation and maintenance of cleanup sites.
The company determines the probability and range of possible loss for its litigation and other contingencies based on the current status of each of these matters. A liability is recorded in the financial statements if it is believed to be probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The company establishes a liability that is an estimate of amounts expected to be paid in the future for events that have already occurred. The company accrues the most likely amount or at least the minimum of the range of probable loss when a range of probable loss can be estimated. The accrued liabilities are based on management’s judgment as to the probability of losses for asserted and unasserted claims and, where applicable, actuarially determined estimates. Accrual estimates are adjusted as additional information becomes known or payments are made. The amount of ultimate loss may differ from these estimates.
Warranty Obligations
The company provides for the estimated cost of standard product warranties, primarily from historical information, in cost of product revenues at the time product revenues are recognized. The liability for warranties is included in other accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. Extended warranty agreements are