placement basis under customary terms in the commercial paper market and are not redeemable prior to maturity nor subject to voluntary prepayment. Under the euro program, maturities may not exceed
183
days and may be denominated in euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, British pounds sterling, Swiss franc, Canadian dollars or other currencies. Under both programs, the CP Notes are issued at a discount from par (or premium to par, in the case of negative interest rates), or, alternatively, are sold at par and bear varying interest rates on a fixed or floating basis.
Senior Notes
Interest is payable annually on the euro and Swiss franc-denominated fixed rate senior notes and semi-annually on all other senior notes. Each of the U.S. dollar, euro-denominated fixed rate senior notes and yen-denominated private placement notes may be redeemed at a redemption price of
100
% of the principal amount plus a specified make-whole premium and accrued interest, together with swap breakage costs payable to holders of yen-denominated private placement notes who have entered into cross-currency swap agreements. The company is subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants under the indentures and note purchase agreement governing the senior notes, the most restrictive of which limits the ability of the company to pledge certain property and assets as security under borrowing arrangements. The company was in compliance with all covenants related to its senior notes at December 31, 2024.
In 2022 the company completed the full allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds from the
0.000
% senior notes due 2025 to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, certain COVID-19 response projects.
In 2022, the company redeemed all of its
3.650
% Senior Notes due 2025. In connection with the redemption, the company incurred $
26
million of losses on the early extinguishment of debt included in other income/(expense) on the accompanying statement of income.
Thermo Fisher Scientific (Finance I) B.V. (Thermo Fisher International), a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the company, issued each of the following notes outstanding as of December 31, 2024, included in the table above (collectively, the “Euronotes”) in registered public offerings: the
0.00
% Senior Notes due 2025, the
0.80
% Senior Notes due 2030, the
1.125
% Senior Notes due 2033, the
1.625
% Senior Notes due 2041, and the
2.00
% Senior Notes due 2051. The company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of Thermo Fisher International’s obligations under the Euronotes and all of Thermo Fisher International’s other debt securities, and no other subsidiary of the company will guarantee these obligations. Thermo Fisher International is a “finance subsidiary” as defined in Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi) of the Exchange Act, with no assets or operations other than those related to the issuance, administration and repayment of the Euronotes and other debt securities issued by Thermo Fisher International from time to