rounding.
Overview
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. enables customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer by helping them accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, increase laboratory productivity, and improve patient health through diagnostics and the development and manufacture of life-changing therapies. Markets served include pharmaceutical and biotech, academic and government, industrial and applied, as well as healthcare and diagnostics. The company’s operations fall into four segments (Note 11): Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics and Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services.
Consolidated Results
19
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Organic Revenue Growth
Since 2020, the Life Sciences Solutions and Specialty Diagnostics segments as well as the laboratory products business have supported COVID-19 diagnostic testing. Additionally, our pharma services business has provided our pharma and biotech customers with the services they needed to develop and produce vaccines and therapies globally. Since the company’s acquisition of PPD in December 2021, the clinical research business has continued to play a leading role in supporting the clinical trials for COVID-19 vaccines and therapies. These positive impacts continued at much lower levels in 2024 as customer testing as well as therapy and vaccine demand declined. Sales of products related to COVID-19 testing were $0.10 billion and $0.33 billion in 2024 and 2023, respectively.
During 2024, all of our end markets were negatively impacted by a more muted macroeconomic environment and low economic activity in China. Revenues from pharma and biotech and diagnostics and healthcare customers were also negatively impacted by reduced demand for COVID-19 related products and services. As a result, revenues in these end markets declined slightly in the year. Revenues in the academic and government and industrial and applied markets increased slightly as we saw the benefits of our investments into high-impact innovation. During 2024, all geographies were negatively impacted by the more muted macroeconomic environment. Sales grew slightly in Asia-Pacific, including China. Sales growth in Europe was flat and sales in North America declined slightly due to decreased demand for COVID-19 related products. Contributions to organic revenue during 2024 from the Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics, and Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segments were offset by declines in the Life Sciences Solutions segment.
The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy which consists of three pillars:
•
High-impact innovation,
•
Our trusted partner status with customers, and
•
Our unparalleled commercial engine.
GAAP operating income margin and adjusted operating income margin decreased in 2024 due primarily to unfavorable business mix and strategic investments, partially offset by productivity improvements. The decreases in GAAP