credit equals any tax cost arising from the dividends. As a result of using such means of transferring cash to the U.S., the company does not expect any material adverse liquidity effects from its significant non-U.S. cash balances for the foreseeable future.
The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
As of December 31, 2024, the company’s short-term obligations and current maturities of long-term obligations totaled $2.21 billion. The company has a revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $5.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit (Note 3). If the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. As of December 31, 2024, no borrowings were outstanding under the company’s revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by immaterial outstanding letters of credit.
Operating Activities
During 2024, net income provided substantially all cash from operating activities. Changes in working capital were not significant.  Cash payments for income taxes were $1.83 billion during 2024.
During 2023, cash provided by income was offset in part by investments in working capital. A decrease in inventories provided cash of $0.60 billion. A decrease in accounts payable used cash of $0.50 billion, and changes in other assets and liabilities used cash of $0.80 billion primarily due to the timing of payments for compensation and income taxes. Cash payments for income taxes were $1.48 billion during 2023.
The company is contingently liable with respect to certain legal proceedings and related matters. An unfavorable outcome that differs materially from current accrual estimates, if any, for one or more of the matters described under the heading “Product Liability, Workers Compensation and Other Personal Injury Matters” in Note 5 could have a material adverse effect on the company’s financial position as well as its results of operations and cash flows.
Investing Activities
During 2024, the acquisition of Olink Holding AB (publ) used cash of $3.13 billion. The company’s investing activities also included net purchases of investments of $1.63 billion, primarily to provide additional interest income, as well as $1.40 billion of property, plant and equipment for capacity and capability investments.
During 2023, acquisitions of The Binding Site Group and CorEvitas, LLC used cash of $2.70 billion and $0.91 billion, respectively. The company’s investing activities also included purchases of $1.48 billion of property, plant and equipment for capacity and capability investments.
23