a risk-based assessment into the corporate information technology (IT) procurement process designed to assess the security risk of certain third parties providing new technology solutions to our environment.
17
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
We believe cybersecurity is the responsibility of every employee, and regularly educate and share best practices with our employees to raise awareness of cybersecurity threats through a security awareness training program, including regular exercises, periodic cyber-event simulations and annual attestation to our Technology Acceptable Use Policy.
We do not reasonably believe there are currently any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the company or its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. For more information on the risks related to our IT systems, see “A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our IT systems or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business or customers that use our products” under the heading “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A.
Cybersecurity Governance and Oversight
The Board of Directors has delegated the oversight of cybersecurity risks to the
Audit Committee
.
Our cybersecurity program is led by the company’s senior vice president, chief information officer, along with our vice president, chief information security officer (CISO).
Management provides an operational update to the Audit Committee each quarter.
In addition, the Audit Committee and our full Board of Directors receive an annual overview of the cybersecurity program, cybersecurity threat landscape, investments, and opportunities to enhance the company’s systems and security of products and operations.
The company’s corporate IT security team leads the company-wide cybersecurity strategy and advocates to protect the
company systems, its employees and customers against cybersecurity risks. Through annual internal and external audits, we maintain an ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification for the management of our cybersecurity program consisting of the following areas:
•
cybersecurity program management and governance including risk management;
•
cybersecurity operations including security operation centers;
•
product security;
•
security investigations;
•
cybersecurity architecture and engineering; and
•
security awareness and training.
Our senior vice president, chief information officer, vice president, CISO, and vice president, chief product security officer have each served in various roles in IT and information security for over 20 years. These individuals’ knowledge and experience along with the culture and talent of the corporate IT security team organization are instrumental in developing and executing our cybersecurity strategies.
The CISO meets with senior leadership to review and discuss the cybersecurity program, including emerging cybersecurity risks, threats and industry trends.
Cybersecurity is