estimate, if any, for one or more of the matters described below could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
Product Liability, Workers Compensation and Other Personal Injury Matters
The company is involved in various proceedings and litigation that arise from time to time in connection with product liability, workers compensation and other personal injury matters. The range of probable loss for product liability, workers compensation and other personal injury matters of the company’s continuing operations at December 31, 2024, was approximately $
224
million to $
381
million. The company’s accrual for these matters totaled $
225
million at December 31, 2024. The accrual includes estimated defense costs and is gross of estimated amounts due from insurers of $
83
million at December 31, 2024 that are included in other assets in the accompanying balance sheet. In addition, as of December 31, 2024, the company had a product liability accrual of $
21
million relating to divested businesses.
Although the company believes that the amounts accrued and estimated recoveries are probable and appropriate based on available information, including actuarial studies of loss estimates, the process of estimating losses and insurance recoveries involves a considerable degree of judgment by management and the ultimate amounts could vary, which could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Insurance contracts do not relieve the company of its primary obligation with respect to any losses incurred. The collectability of amounts due from its insurers is subject to the solvency and willingness of the insurer to pay, as well as the legal sufficiency of the insurance claims. Management monitors the payment history as well as the financial condition and ratings of its insurers on an ongoing basis.
Note 6.
Supplemental Income Statement Information
Disaggregated Revenues
Revenues by type are as follows:
Revenues by geographic region based on customer location are as follows:
53
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Each reportable segment earns revenues from consumables, instruments and services in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and other regions. See Note 11 for revenues by reportable segment and other geographic data.
Restructuring and Other Costs
Restructuring and other costs in 2024 primarily included continuing charges for headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, impairment of long-lived assets, and, to a lesser extent, net charges for pre-acquisition litigation and other matters. In 2024 severance actions associated with facility consolidations and cost reduction measures affected approximately
2
% of the company’s workforce.
Restructuring and other costs in 2023 primarily included continuing charges for headcount reductions and facility