Directors announced that it replaced the existing authorization to repurchase the company’s common stock, of which $1.00 billion was remaining, with a new authorization to repurchase up to $4.00 billion of the company’s common stock. All of the shares of
27
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
common stock repurchased by the company during the first quarter of 2025 were under this program. At May 2, 2025, authorization remained for $1.00 billion of future repurchases of the company’s common stock.
During the first three months of 2024, issuance of debt provided $1.20 billion of cash. The company’s financing activities also included the repurchase of $3.00 billion of the company’s common stock (5.5 million shares) and the payment of $0.14 billion in cash dividends.
The company’s commitments for purchases of property, plant and equipment, contractual obligations and other commercial commitments, did not change materially subsequent to December 31, 2024, except for the agreement to acquire Solventum Corporation’s Purification & Filtration business (Note 12).
Non-GAAP Measures
In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we use certain non-GAAP financial measures such as organic revenue growth, which is reported revenue growth, excluding the impacts of revenues from acquired/divested businesses and the effects of currency translation. We report organic revenue growth because Thermo Fisher management believes that in order to understand the company’s short-term and long-term financial trends, investors may wish to consider the impact of acquisitions/divestitures and foreign currency translation on revenues. Thermo Fisher management uses organic revenue growth to forecast and evaluate the operational performance of the company as well as to compare revenues of current periods to prior periods.
We report adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted other income/(expense), adjusted tax rate, and adjusted EPS. We believe that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to GAAP financial measures, helps investors to gain a better understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with how management measures and forecasts the company’s core operating performance, especially when comparing such results to previous periods, forecasts, and to the performance of our competitors. Such measures are also used by management in their financial and operating decision-making and for compensation purposes. To calculate these measures we exclude, as applicable:
•
Certain acquisition-related costs, including charges for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition, significant transaction/acquisition-related costs, including changes in estimates of contingent acquisition-related consideration, and other costs associated with obtaining short-term financing commitments for pending/recent acquisitions. We exclude these costs because we do