local taxes, and foreign taxes that are different than the U.S. federal statutory rate.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits
As of March 29, 2025, the company had $
0.53
billion of unrecognized tax benefits substantially all of which, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate.
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
17
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Note 8
.
Comprehensive Income/(Loss) and Shareholders' Equity
Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
Changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax, are as follows:
Note 9
.
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is included in the accompanying balance sheet as follows:
Amounts included in restricted cash primarily represent funds held as collateral for bank guarantees, pension related deposits, and incoming cash in China awaiting government administrative clearance.
Note 10
.
Derivatives
Derivative Contracts
The following table provides the aggregate notional value of outstanding derivative contracts.
18
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
While certain derivatives are subject to netting arrangements with counterparties, the company does not offset derivative assets and liabilities within the balance sheet. The following tables present the fair value of derivative instruments in the accompanying balance sheets and statements of income.
Gains and losses recognized on currency exchange contracts are included in the accompanying statements of income together with the corresponding, offsetting losses and gains on the underlying hedged transactions.
The company uses foreign currency-denominated debt, certain foreign currency-denominated payables, and cross-currency interest rate swaps to partially hedge its net investments in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. A portion of the company’s euro-denominated senior notes, certain foreign currency-denominated payables, and its cross-currency interest rate swaps have been designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of part of the net investment in a foreign operation. Accordingly, foreign currency transaction gains or losses due to spot rate fluctuations on the euro-denominated debt instruments and certain foreign currency-denominated payables, and contract fair value changes on the cross-currency interest rate swaps, excluding interest accruals, are included in currency translation adjustment within other comprehensive items and shareholders’ equity.
The fair value of the cross-currency interest rate swaps is included in the accompanying balance sheets under the caption other assets or other long-term liabilities. The fair value of the currency exchange contracts is included in the accompanying balance sheets under the captions other current assets or other accrued expenses.
See