obligation. The company is required to recognize as a component of other comprehensive items, net of tax, the actuarial gains/losses and prior service costs/credits that arise but were not previously required to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost/(income). Other comprehensive items is adjusted as these amounts are later recognized in income as components of net periodic benefit cost/(income).
When a company with a pension plan is acquired, any excess of projected benefit obligation over the plan assets is recognized as a liability and any excess of plan assets over the projected benefit obligation is recognized as an asset. The recognition of a new liability or a new asset results in the elimination of (a) previously existing unrecognized net gain or loss and (b) unrecognized prior service cost or credits.
The company funds annually, at a minimum, the statutorily required minimum amount as actuarially determined.
The discount rate used to determine projected benefit obligations and net periodic pension benefit cost/(income) reflects the rate the company would have to pay to purchase high-quality investments that would provide cash sufficient to settle its current pension obligations. The discount rate is determined based on a range of factors, including the rates of return on high-quality, fixed-income corporate bonds and the related expected duration of the obligations or, in certain instances, the company has used a hypothetical portfolio of high quality instruments with maturities that mirror the benefit obligation in order to accurately estimate the discount rate relevant to a particular plan.
The company utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot-rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows.
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to determine net periodic pension benefit cost/(income) reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligations. In determining the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the company considers the relative weighting of plan assets, the historical performance of total plan assets and individual asset classes and economic and other indicators of future performance. In addition, the company may consult with and consider the opinions of financial and other professionals in developing appropriate return benchmarks.
Asset management objectives include maintaining an adequate level of diversification to reduce interest rate and market risk and providing adequate liquidity to meet immediate and future benefit payment requirements.
The expected rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic pension benefit cost/(income) reflects the long-term average rate of salary increases and is based on historic salary increase