generally funded on a self-insured and insured-premium basis and are not material for any period presented.
67
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Contributions to the plans included in the following table are estimated at between $
40
million and $
50
million for 2025.
The following table provides a reconciliation of benefit obligations and plan assets of the company’s domestic and non-U.S. pension plans:
Actuarial (gains)/losses experienced in 2024 for both domestic and non-U.S. pension plans were primarily driven by increases in the weighted average discount rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation when compared to 2023.
For domestic pension plans, actuarial (gains)/losses experienced in 2023 were driven by decreases in the weighted average discount rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation, as well as differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets for certain portions of plan benefits indexed to asset returns. For non-U.S. pension plans, actuarial (gains)/losses experienced in 2023 were principally driven by decreases in the weighted average discount rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation.
68
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
The actuarial assumptions used to compute the funded status for the plans are based upon information available as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 and are as follows:
The actuarial assumptions used to compute the net periodic pension benefit cost/(income) are based upon information available as of the beginning of the year, as presented in the following table:
The projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for the company’s qualified and non-qualified pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets are as follows:
The accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for the company's qualified and non-qualified pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets are as follows:
The measurement date used to determine benefit information is December 31 for all plan assets and benefit obligations.
69
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
The net periodic pension benefit cost/(income) includes the following components:
Expected benefit payments are estimated using the same assumptions used in determining the company’s benefit obligation at December 31, 2024. Benefit payments will depend on future employment and compensation levels, average years employed and average life spans, among other factors, and changes in any of these factors could significantly affect these estimated future benefit payments.
Estimated future benefit payments during the next five years and in the aggregate for the five fiscal years thereafter, are as follows:
Domestic Pension Plan Assets
The company’s overall objective is to manage the assets in a liability framework