follows:
Revenues by geographic region based on customer location are as follows:
Each reportable segment earns revenues from consumables, instruments and services in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and other regions.
Revenues by business are as follows:
15
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Restructuring and Other Costs
In the first three months of 2025, restructuring and other costs primarily included continuing charges for headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, impairment of long-lived assets, and, to a lesser extent, net charges for pre-acquisition litigation and other matters. In 2025, severance actions associated with facility consolidations and cost reduction measures affected approximately
1
% of the company’s workforce.
As of May 2, 2025, the company has identified restructuring actions, primarily in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, that it expects will result in additional charges of approximately $
120
million, primarily in 2025, and expects to identify additional actions in future periods.
Restructuring and other costs by segment are as follows:
The following table summarizes the changes in the company’s accrued restructuring balance, which is included in other accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. Other amounts reported as restructuring and other costs in the accompanying statements of income have been summarized in the notes to the table.
(a)
The movements in the restructuring liability principally consist of severance and other costs associated with facility consolidations.
(b)
Excludes $
55
million of net charges, principally $
68
million of charges for impairment of long-lived assets in the Life Sciences Solutions and Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segments.
The company expects to pay accrued restructuring costs primarily through 2025.
Earnings per Share
16
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Note 7
.
Income Taxes
The provision for income taxes in the accompanying statements of income differs from the provision calculated by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes due to the following:
During the first quarter of 2025, the company recorded a deferred tax benefit of $
125
million resulting from the recognition of a tax attribute related to a domestication transaction.
During the first quarter of 2024, the company recorded a tax reserve and associated interest of $
240
million related to the potential settlement of international tax audits for tax years 2009 through 2016, which were settled during 2024.
The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately
70
countries outside the U.S. The company's effective income tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate each year due to certain operations that are subject to tax incentives, state and