19, 2025, the Board of Directors of the company amended and restated the company’s By-Laws, effective immediately, in connection with its periodic review of corporate governance matters, including recent developments in Delaware case law. Among other things, the amendments to the By-laws update the advance notice and proxy access provisions to make certain clarifying and procedural changes. The foregoing description of the amendments to the By-laws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the By-laws, as amended and restated, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.4 and incorporated by reference herein.
Director and Officer Trading Arrangements
On
December 5, 2024
,
Michael A. Boxer
, our
senior vice president, general counsel
,
adopted
a trading plan intended to satisfy the conditions under Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. Mr. Boxer’s plan is for the exercise of vested stock options and the associated sale of up to
7,450
shares of company common stock through June 11, 2025. The foregoing exercises and sales will be made in accordance with the prices and formulas set forth in the plan and such plan terminates on the earlier of the date all the shares under the plan are sold and
June 11, 2025
.
On
November 20, 2024
,
Michael D. Shafer
, an
executive vice president
,
adopted
a trading plan intended to satisfy the conditions under Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. Mr. Shafer’s plan is for the sale of up to
2,509
shares of company stock, and the exercise of vested stock options and the associated sale of up to
10,725
shares of company common stock, through December 12, 2025. The foregoing exercises and sales will be made in accordance with the prices and formulas set forth in the plan and such plan terminates on the earlier of the date all the shares under the plan are sold and
December 15, 2025
.
Item 9C.     Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
74
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
PART III
Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information with respect to directors required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of business of the fiscal year including under “Corporate governance,” and is incorporated in this report by reference.
The information with respect to executive officers required by this Item is included in
Item 1 of Part I
of this report.
The information with respect to our
insider trading arrangements and policies
required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement under “Executive compensation” and is incorporated in this report by reference.
The other information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement including under “Corporate governance,” and is incorporated in this report by reference.
Item 11.    Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item will be contained in our