Exchange Commission (SEC). Certain reclassifications of prior year amounts have been made to conform to the current year presentation.
Note
1 to the consolidated financial statements for 2024 describes the significant accounting estimates and policies used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes in the company’s significant accounting policies during the three months ended March 29, 2025.
Amounts and percentages reported within these condensed consolidated financial statements are presented and calculated based on underlying unrounded amounts. As a result, the sum of components may not equal corresponding totals due to rounding.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
The company’s estimates include, among others, asset reserve requirements as well as the amounts of future cash flows associated with certain assets and businesses that are used in assessing the risk of impairment. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The following table provides a description of recent accounting pronouncements adopted and those standards not yet adopted with potential for a material impact on the company's financial statements or disclosures.
8
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Note 2
.
Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
Inventories
The components of inventories are as follows:
Contract-related Balances
Contract asset and liability balances are as follows:
In the three months ended March 29, 2025, the company recognized revenues of $
1.36
billion that were included in the contract liabilities balance at December 31, 2024. In the three months ended March 30, 2024, the company recognized revenues of $
1.32
billion that were included in the contract liabilities balance at December 31, 2023.
Remaining Performance Obligations
The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations for all open customer contracts as of March 29, 2025, was $
24.54
billion. The company will recognize revenues for these performance obligations as they are satisfied, approximately
54
% of which is expected to occur within the next
twelve months
. Amounts expected to occur thereafter generally relate to contract manufacturing, clinical research and extended warranty service agreements, which typically have durations of
three
to
five years
.
9
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Note 3
.
Debt and Other Financing Arrangements
The company’s debt and other financing arrangements are as