follows:
10
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
The effective interest rates for the fixed-rate debt include the stated interest on the notes, the accretion of any discounts/premiums and the amortization of any debt issuance costs.
See Note 4 for fair value information pertaining to the company’s long-term borrowings.
Credit Facilities
The company has a revolving credit facility (the Facility) with a bank group that provides for up to $
5.00
billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. The Facility expires on January 7, 2027. The revolving credit agreement calls for interest at either a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), a Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)-based rate (for funds drawn in euro), or a rate based on the prime lending rate of the agent bank, at the company’s option. The agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default customary for facilities of this type. The covenants in the Facility include a Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio (Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Net Interest Expense), as such terms are defined in the Facility. Specifically, the company has agreed that, so long as any lender has any commitment under the Facility, any letter of credit is outstanding under the Facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the Facility, it will maintain a minimum Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio of
3.5
:1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. As of March 29, 2025,
no
borrowings were outstanding under the Facility, although available capacity was reduced by immaterial outstanding letters of credit.
Commercial Paper Programs
The company has commercial paper programs pursuant to which it may issue and sell unsecured, short-term promissory notes (CP Notes). Under the U.S. program, a) maturities may not exceed
397
days from the date of issue and b) the CP Notes are issued on a private placement basis under customary terms in the commercial paper market and are not redeemable prior to maturity nor subject to voluntary prepayment. Under the euro program, maturities may not exceed
183
days and may be denominated in euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, British pounds sterling, Swiss franc, Canadian dollars or other currencies.
11
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Under both programs, the CP Notes are issued at a discount from par (or premium to par, in the case of negative interest rates), or, alternatively, are sold at par and bear varying interest rates on a fixed or floating basis.
Senior Notes
Interest is payable annually on the euro and public Swiss franc-denominated fixed rate senior notes and semi-annually on all other senior notes. Each of the U.S. dollar and euro-denominated fixed rate senior notes, and Japanese yen-denominated and Swiss franc-denominated private placement notes may be redeemed at a redemption price of