time. The financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Thermo Fisher International are consolidated in the financial statements of the company.
49
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
January 2025 Debt Issuances
In the first quarter of 2025 the company issued the following senior notes:
Note 4.
Fair Value Measurements
Fair Value Measurements
The company uses the market approach technique to value its financial instruments and there were no changes in valuation techniques during 2024. The company’s financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value are primarily comprised of investments in bank time deposits, publicly traded securities, insurance contracts, investments in derivative contracts, mutual funds holding publicly traded securities and other investments in unit trusts held as assets to satisfy outstanding deferred compensation and retirement liabilities; and acquisition-related contingent consideration.
The following tables present information about the company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
50
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
The following table provides a rollforward of the fair value, as determined by level 3 inputs (such as likelihood of achieving production or revenue milestones, as well as changes in the fair values of the investments underlying a recapitalization investment portfolio), of the contingent consideration.
The following table provides a rollforward of investments classified as level 3:
Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments
The carrying value and fair value of the company’s debt instruments are as follows:
The fair value of debt instruments, excluding private placement notes, was determined based on quoted market prices and on borrowing rates available to the company at the respective period ends, which represent level 2 measurements. The fair value of private placement notes was determined based on internally developed pricing models and unobservable inputs, which represent level 3 measurements.
51
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Note 5.
Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
The company has entered into unconditional purchase obligations, in the ordinary course of business, that include agreements to purchase goods, services or fixed assets and to pay royalties that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable at any time without penalty. The aggregate amount of the company’s unconditional purchase obligations totaled $
2.20
billion at December 31, 2024, the majority of which are expected to be settled during 2025.
Letters of Credit, Guarantees and