expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to acquisition-related measurements and income taxes. Management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management bases its estimates on historical experience, current market and economic conditions and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable. The results of these estimates form the basis for judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities where the values are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
The company believes the following represent its critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of its financial statements:
Acquisition-related Measurements
Business Combinations
The company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. The determinations of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of the company’s acquisitions, require the use of significant judgment with regard to (i) the fair value and (ii) whether such intangibles are amortizable or non-amortizable and, if the former, the period and the method by which the intangible asset will be amortized. The company estimates the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses, which include estimates of customer attrition and technology obsolescence rates, among others. The projected cash flows are discounted to determine the present value of the assets at the dates of acquisition. See Note 12 for additional information about our recent business combinations.
Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets
The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of an asset below its carrying amount. Events or circumstances that might require an interim evaluation include unexpected adverse business conditions, economic factors, unanticipated technological changes or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts, among others. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled $45.85 billion and $1.24 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2024 (see Note 2 for additional information). Estimates of discounted future cash flows require assumptions related to revenue and operating income margin growth rates, discount rates and other factors. For the goodwill impairment tests, the