knowledge and broaden their skills. Our executives and leaders participate in frequent talent discussions as well as formal reviews, leveraging workforce data and predictive analytics to better anticipate the talent requirements of our business based on our growth opportunities and market demand.
Thermo Fisher is dedicated to talent development to meet our evolving business needs and to provide our colleagues with opportunities for long and fulfilling careers.
Further, our total rewards package is regularly evaluated and measured against established benchmarks to ensure its effectiveness in recruiting and retention, and to continue to position Thermo Fisher as an employer of choice.  We deliver comprehensive rewards, including competitive base pay, and also provide a variety of incentive and equity programs that, by design, directly link the impact of colleague contributions to the company’s overall success.
Our health and wellness programs provide competitive, flexible benefits that our global colleagues and their families can count on. For example, for U.S. colleagues, we offer a choice of comprehensive national medical, dental and vision plans; a wellness program, including valuable health incentive opportunities and tax-advantaged savings and spending accounts; as well as commuter support, employee assistance programs, optional group legal coverage, and company-paid disability, accident and life insurance. We also offer a company-paid proprietary program for cancer care called the Impact Program, which gives our colleagues and their families access to personalized support and direct lines of communication to experts in cancer genetics and genomics. Similar benefits are available in all countries around the world where we operate.
We also invest in our colleagues’ financial health, helping them to grow and protect their savings, plan for the future and share in the success of the company they are helping to build.
Available Information
The company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that issuers, including the company, file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We also make available free of charge on or through our own website at www.thermofisher.com our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, paper copies of these documents may be obtained free of charge by writing to the company care of its Investor Relations Department at our principal executive office located at 168