for customer relationships,
14
years for product technology,
15
years for tradenames, and
13
years for backlog. The weighted-average amortization period for definite-lived intangible assets acquired in 2023 is
17
years.
2022
In 2022, the company acquired, within the Analytical Instruments segment, a U.S.-based developer of Fourier-transform infrared gas analysis technologies.
Note 13.
Leases
As a lessee, the company leases certain logistics, office, and manufacturing facilities, as well as vehicles, copiers, and other equipment. These operating leases generally have remaining lease terms between
1
month and
30
years, and some include options to extend (generally for
1
to
10
years) or have options to terminate the arrangement within
1
year.
The company has guaranteed the residual value of
three
leased operating facilities with lease terms ending in 2025, and 2028, and 2029. The company has agreed with the lessor to comply with certain financial covenants consistent with its other debt arrangements (Note 3). The aggregate maximum guarantee under these
three
lease arrangements is $
147
million. Operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities for these lease arrangements are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, but exclude any amounts for residual value guarantees.
66
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
As a lessee, the consolidated financial statements include the following relating to operating leases:
Lease costs arising from finance leases, short-term leases, and sublease income are not material. See Note 3 for additional information relating to finance leases.
As of December 31, 2024, future payments of operating lease liabilities are as follows:
As a lessor, operating leases, sales-type leases and direct financing leases are not material.
Note 14.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
401(k) Savings Plan and Other Defined Contribution Plans
The company’s 401(k) savings and other defined contribution plans cover the majority of the company’s eligible U.S. and certain non-U.S. employees. Contributions to the plans are made by both employees and the company. Company contributions are based on the level of employee contributions and formulas determined by the company. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, the company charged to expense $
443
million, $
468
million and $
402
million, respectively, related to its defined contribution plans.
Defined Benefit Pension Plans
Employees of a number of the company’s non-U.S. and certain U.S. subsidiaries participate in defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all full-time employees at those subsidiaries. Some of the plans are unfunded, as permitted under the plans and applicable laws. The company also maintains postretirement healthcare programs at several acquired businesses where certain employees are eligible to participate. The liabilities and costs associated with the company’s postretirement healthcare programs are