Third Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451.
Information about Our Executive Officers
As of February 20, 2025, our executive officers were:
8
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Item 1A.    Risk Factors
Set forth below are the risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, that we believe are material to our investors. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in
Item 1. Business
under the caption “Forward-looking Statements”.
Industry and Economic Risks
Our growth would be impacted if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality.
Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets would diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial statements. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns.
Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate.
Our business is affected by general economic conditions, both inside and outside the U.S. Both domestic and international markets experienced significant inflationary pressures in 2024 and inflation rates in the U.S., as well as in other countries in which we operate, continue at elevated levels. If the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in Europe, the U.S. or other key markets, are unstable, that could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers, having the effect of:
•
reducing demand for some of our products;
•
increasing the rate of order cancellations or delays;
•
increasing the risk of excess and obsolete inventories;
•
increasing pressure on the prices for our products and services;
•
causing supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; and
•
creating longer sales cycles, and greater difficulty in collecting sales proceeds and slower adoption of new technologies.
Economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations.
International markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. The exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. International revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. These fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. As a multinational corporation, our businesses