organic revenues in 2024 was primarily due to moderation in COVID-19 related revenue. The increase in segment income margin resulted primarily from exceptionally strong productivity improvements, partially offset by unfavorable volume mix and strategic investments.
The increase in organic revenues in 2024 was due to very strong growth in the electron microscopy business, partially offset by declines in the other instrumentation businesses. The decrease in segment income margin resulted primarily from unfavorable business mix and strategic investments, largely offset by strong productivity improvements.
The increase in organic revenues in 2024 was driven by growth in the immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses, as well as in the healthcare market channel, partially offset by decreased demand for products addressing diagnosis of COVID-19. The increase in segment income margin was due to productivity improvements, partially offset by strategic investments.
21
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Organic revenues were flat in 2024 due to growth in the research and safety channel and clinical research business, offset by decreased demand in COVID-19 vaccines and therapies-related activity. The decrease in segment income margin was primarily due to unfavorable business mix and strategic investments, partially offset by productivity improvements.
Non-operating Items
Net interest expense (interest expense less interest income) decreased due primarily to higher cash, and cash equivalents and short-term investments balances, as well as higher interest rates on these balances when compared to 2023. See additional discussion under the caption “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below. In 2024 and 2023, the company’s net interest expense was reduced by approximately $264 million and $116 million, respectively, as a result of its interest rate swap and cross-currency interest rate swap arrangements (Note 10).
GAAP other income/(expense) and adjusted other income/(expense) includes currency transaction gains/losses on non-operating monetary assets and liabilities, and net periodic pension benefit cost/(income), excluding the service cost component. GAAP other income/(expense) in 2024 and 2023 also includes $20 million and $(45) million, respectively, of net gains/(losses) on investments.
The GAAP tax rate in 2024 was impacted by $176 million of expense, net, for a provision associated with a tax audit. The company’s 2024 GAAP and adjusted tax rates were also impacted by tax benefits of $459 million, primarily in jurisdictions where the deferred tax assets are now expected to be realized due to forecasted income.
The GAAP and adjusted tax rates in 2023 were impacted by changes in valuation allowances, including a $183 million release in a jurisdiction where the deferred tax assets are now expected to be realized, and, to a lesser extent, by a decrease in pre-tax earnings compared to 2022. The company’s GAAP and adjusted tax rates in 2023 were also