Acquisition-related Intangible Assets
Acquisition-related intangible assets include the costs of acquired customer relationships, product technology, tradenames, backlog and other specifically identifiable intangible assets, and are being amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which range up to
20
years. The company reviews these intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. When impairment indicators exist, the company determines whether the carrying value of its intangible assets exceeds the related undiscounted cash flows. In these situations, the carrying value is written down to fair value.
In addition, the company has tradenames that have indefinite lives and which are not amortized. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate they may be impaired. The company may perform an optional qualitative assessment. If the company determines that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is more likely than not greater than its carrying amount, no additional testing is necessary. If not, or if the company bypasses the optional qualitative assessment, it writes the carrying value down to the fair value, if applicable.
Investments
Investments include marketable securities, such as marketable equity securities, available for sale debt securities, and bank time deposits with maturities greater than three months, equity method investments, and non-marketable equity investments. The company classifies investments as current or noncurrent based on the nature of the securities and their availability for use in current operations. Noncurrent investments are included in other assets.
Marketable securities are stated at fair value with all realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments in marketable equity securities and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities recognized in other income/(expense).
The company accounts for investments in businesses using the equity method when it has the ability to exercise significant influence but not control (generally between 20% and 50% ownership), is not the primary beneficiary and has not elected the fair value option. The company has elected the fair value option of accounting for certain of its investments with readily determinable fair values that would otherwise be accounted for under the equity method (see Note 2). The company’s share of gains and losses in, and impairments of, equity method investments are recorded in equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated entities. Equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values and are not eligible for the net asset value (NAV) practical expedient are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly