integrated into the risk management process for the company through various corporate mechanisms, including quarterly business reviews, annual budget planning, and targeted risk-based engagements.
Item 2.    Properties
The company owns and leases office, engineering, laboratory, production and warehouse space throughout the world.
Item 3.    Legal Proceedings
There are various lawsuits and claims against the company involving product liability, intellectual property, employment and commercial issues. See Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements – “
Commitments and Contingencies
”.
Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
PART II
Item 5.    Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Price of Common Stock
Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TMO.
Holders of Common Stock
As of February 1, 2025, the company had 2,173 holders of record of its common stock. This does not include holdings in street or nominee names.
18
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
A summary of the share repurchase activity for the company's fourth quarter of 2024 follows:
(1)    Amounts exclude excise taxes and other transaction costs.
(2)    On November 15, 2024, the Board of Directors announced that it replaced the existing authorization to repurchase the company’s common stock, of which $1.00 billion was remaining, with a new authorization to repurchase up to $4.00 billion of the company’s common stock. Early in the first quarter of 2025, the company repurchased $2.00 billion of the company’s common stock (3.6 million shares). At February 20, 2025, $1.00 billion was available for future repurchases of the company’s common stock under this authorization.
Item 6.    Reserved
Not applicable.
Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Reference is made throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements
, which begin on page
29
of this report. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for 2022 is included in Item 7 of the company’s 2023
Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The company refers to various amounts or measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (non-GAAP measures). These non-GAAP measures are further described and reconciled to their most directly comparable amount or measure under the section “
Non-GAAP Measures
” later in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Amounts and percentages reported within this Annual Report on Form 10-K are presented and calculated based on underlying unrounded amounts.  As a result, the sum of components may not equal corresponding totals due to