affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our activities by, among other limitations, limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness, merge or consolidate with other entities and create liens. The covenants in the Facility include a Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio (Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Net Interest Expense), as such terms are defined in the Facility. Specifically, the company has agreed that, so long as any lender has any commitment under the Facility, any letter of credit is outstanding under the Facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the Facility, it will maintain a minimum Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio of 3.5:1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter.
Our ability to comply with these financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as the impact of foreign exchange rates and interest rates. Our failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which could permit acceleration of the debt under that instrument and require us to prepay that debt before its scheduled due date. Also, an acceleration of the debt under certain of our debt instruments would trigger an event of default under other of our debt instruments.
Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.    Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
As is the case for most large global companies, we are regularly subject to cyberattacks and other cybersecurity incidents and, therefore, we incorporate cybersecurity into our overall risk management process. Our commitment to cybersecurity emphasizes using a risk-based, “defense in depth” approach to assess, educate, block, identify, respond to and recover from cybersecurity threats. Recognizing that no single technology, process or control can effectively prevent or mitigate all risks, we employ a strategy of technologies, processes and controls, all working independently but as part of a cohesive strategy to manage or reduce risk.
Our cybersecurity program assists in the management of risks associated with the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems within the company environment to effectively support our business objectives and customer expectations. The program provides guidance to business stakeholders on cybersecurity risks as input into their risk management processes that balance cybersecurity risk with other important risks that may include strategic, regulatory, economic and financial considerations.
We seek to routinely refine our cybersecurity approach to adapt to changes in the threat landscape and manage emerging security risks.
In order to evaluate risks from cybersecurity threats associated with the company’s use of certain third-party technology providers, we have incorporated