spectrum or repurchase shares. We regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with the Government Commitments (as defined below), and we have incurred all of the remaining restructuring and integration costs associated with the Sprint Merger, with the cash expenditures for the Sprint Merger-related costs extending beyond 2024. There are a number of additional risks and uncertainties that could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections, which could cause future liquidity to differ materially from our assessment.
The indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing our long-term debt to affiliates and third parties, excluding financing leases, contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Issuers or borrowers and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to incur more debt, create liens or other encumbrances, and merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets. We were in compliance with all restrictive debt covenants as of March 31, 2025.
Financing Lease Facilities
We have uncommitted financing lease facilities with certain third parties that provide us with the ability to enter into financing leases for network equipment and services. We expect to enter into up to a total of $1.2 billion in financing lease commitments during the year ending December 31, 2025. As of March 31, 2025, we have entered into $10.2 billion of financing leases under these financing lease facilities, of which $243 million was executed during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Capital Expenditures
Our liquidity requirements for capital expenditures have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion and upgrading of our network infrastructure, the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel and customer base of T-Mobile and Sprint, which is substantially complete, and investments in information technology platforms. We expect to maintain our investment in capital expenditures related to these efforts in 2025 compared to 2024, as we continue to build out our nationwide 5G network and our digital transformation. Future capital expenditure requirements will be primarily driven by the deployment of acquired spectrum licenses.
For more information regarding our spectrum licenses, see
Note
6
– Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets
of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
49
Table of Contents
Stockholder Returns
On December 13, 2024, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized our 2025 Stockholder Return Program of up to $14.0 billion that will run through December 31, 2025. The 2025 Stockholder Return Program