related revenues, which include High Speed Internet, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and IoT).
The following table sets forth our operating measure ARPU:
Postpaid Phone ARPU
Postpaid phone ARPU increased slightly, primarily from:
•
Higher premium services, primarily high-end rate plans, net of contra-revenues for content included in such plans, and discounts for specific affinity groups, such as 55+, military and first responders; and
•
The impact from rate plan optimizations; mostly offset by
•
Increased promotional activity.
Prepaid ARPU
Prepaid ARPU decreased $1.86, or 5%, primarily from the inclusion of lower ARPU prepaid customers associated with the Ka’ena Acquisition.
40
Table of Contents
Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA represents earnings before Interest expense, net of Interest income, Income tax expense, Depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and certain expenses, gains and losses, which are not reflective of our ongoing operating performance (“Special Items”). Special Items include Merger-related costs, (gain) loss on disposal groups held for sale, certain legal-related recoveries and expenses, restructuring costs not directly attributable to the Merger (including severance), and other non-core gains and losses. Core Adjusted EBITDA represents Adjusted EBITDA less device lease revenues. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues. Core Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Core Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues.
Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Core Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures utilized by our management, including our chief operating decision maker, to monitor the financial performance of our operations and allocate resources of the Company as a whole. We historically used Adjusted EBITDA, and we currently use Core Adjusted EBITDA internally as a measure to evaluate and compensate our personnel and management for their performance. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA as benchmarks to evaluate our operating performance in comparison to our competitors. Management believes analysts and investors use Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA as supplemental measures to evaluate overall operating performance and to facilitate comparisons with other wireless communications services companies because they are indicative of our ongoing operating performance and trends by excluding the impact of interest expense from financing, non-cash depreciation and amortization from capital investments, non-cash stock-based compensation, and Special Items. Management believes analysts and investors use Core Adjusted EBITDA because it normalizes for the transition in the Company’s device financing strategy, by excluding the impact of device lease revenues from Adjusted EBITDA, to align with the exclusion of the