one year or less has been excluded from the above, which primarily consists of monthly service contracts.
Certain of our wholesale, roaming and service contracts include variable consideration based on usage and performance. This variable consideration has been excluded from the disclosure of remaining performance obligations. As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the contractual minimum consideration for wholesale, roaming and service contracts is $
783
million, $
1.1
billion and $
2.1
billion for the remainder of 2025, 2026 and 2027 and beyond, respectively. These contracts have a remaining duration ranging from less than
one year
to
seven years
.
24
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Contract Costs
The balance of deferred incremental costs to obtain contracts with customers was $
2.0
billion as of both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, and is included in Other assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred contract costs incurred to obtain postpaid service contracts are amortized over a period of
24
months. The amortization period is monitored to reflect any significant change in assumptions. Amortization of deferred contract costs included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were $
485
million and $
489
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The deferred contract cost asset is assessed for impairment on a periodic basis. There were
no
impairment losses recognized on deferred contract cost assets for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Note 11 – Segment Reporting
We manage our business activities on a consolidated basis and operate as a single operating segment: Wireless. We primarily derive our revenue in the United States by providing wireless communications services to customers using our wireless networks and selling devices that provide customers access to our wireless networks. The accounting policies of the Wireless segment are the same as those described in Part II, Item 8, Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is our President and Chief Executive Officer, G. Michael Sievert. The CODM uses Net income, as reported on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, in evaluating performance of the Wireless segment and determining how to allocate resources of the Company as a whole, including investing in our networks and customers, stockholder return programs and acquisition strategy. The CODM does not review assets in evaluating the results of the Wireless segment, and therefore, such information is not presented.
The following table provides the operating financial results of our Wireless segment:
(1)
Other segment items included in Segment net income primarily includes certain third-party commissions, external