termination of the trademark license could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
We cannot guarantee that our current and future stockholder return programs will be fully utilized or that they will enhance long-term stockholder value.
Our Board of Directors has authorized, and may from time to time authorize, stockholder return programs, consisting of repurchases of shares of our common stock, the payment of cash dividends, or both. The specific timing and amount of any share repurchases and any dividend payments under any stockholder return program will depend on prevailing share prices, general economic and market conditions, Company performance and other considerations, such as whether the Company determines that there are other uses for the funds currently authorized for the program that would be more advantageous for our business. In addition, the specific timing and amount of any dividend payments are subject to declaration on future dates by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion.
23
Table of Contents
Any stockholder return program could impact our cash flows and affect the trading price of our common stock and increase volatility. We cannot guarantee that any stockholder return program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Our current and future stockholder return programs do not, and will not, obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock or to declare and pay any particular amount of dividends, and any program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company’s discretion. Any announcement of termination of any program may result in a decrease in the price of our common stock.
Future sales of our common stock by DT and SoftBank and foreign ownership limitations by the FCC could have a negative impact on our stock price and decrease the value of our stock.
We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our common stock by DT or SoftBank will have on the prevailing trading price of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could cause our stock price to decline.
We and DT are parties to the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders’ Agreement pursuant to which DT is free to transfer its shares in public sales without notice, as long as such transactions would not result in a third party owning more than 30% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If a transfer were to exceed the 30% threshold, it would be prohibited unless the transfer were approved by our Board of Directors, or the transferee were to make a binding offer to purchase all of the other outstanding shares on the same price and terms. The Second Amended and Restated Stockholders’ Agreement does not otherwise impose any other restrictions on the sales of common stock by DT. Moreover, the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders’ Agreement generally requires us to cooperate with DT