Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Cash
Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, presented on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows were included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows:
Note 21 – Subsequent Events
Subsequent to December 31, 2024, from January 1, 2025, through January 24, 2025, we repurchased
2,855,113
shares of our common stock at an average price per share of $
216.03
for a total purchase price of $
617
million. See
Note 15 - Stockholder Return Programs
for additional information.
Subsequent to December 31, 2024, on January 31, 2025, our wholly owned subsidiary, T-Mobile USA, Inc., entered into the ECA Facility, providing for a loan of up to $
1.0
billion to finance network equipment-related purchases. The obligations under the ECA Facility are also guaranteed by us and by all of our wholly owned domestic restricted subsidiaries (subject to customary exceptions). Any borrowing under the ECA Facility will mature on March 15, 2036. As of January 31, 2025, the ECA Facility is undrawn.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K.
The certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as exhibits
31.1
and
31.2
, respectively, to this Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We are currently preparing to implement a