and prospective customers beginning on or about August 3, 2021. With the assistance of our outside cybersecurity experts, we located and closed the unauthorized access to our systems and identified current, former and prospective customers whose information was impacted and notified them, consistent with state and federal requirements. We also undertook a number of other measures to demonstrate our continued support and commitment to data privacy and protection. We also coordinated with law enforcement. Our forensic investigation is complete, and we believe we have a full view of the data compromised.
As a result of the August 2021 cyberattack, we have become subject to numerous lawsuits, including mass arbitration claims and multiple class action lawsuits that have been filed in numerous jurisdictions seeking, among other things, unspecified monetary damages, costs and attorneys’ fees arising out of the August 2021 cyberattack. In December 2021, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated the federal class action lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri under the caption
In re: T-Mobile Customer Data Security Breach Litigation
, Case No. 21-md-3019-BCW. On July 22, 2022, we entered into an agreement to settle the lawsuit. On June 29, 2023, the Court issued an order granting final approval of the settlement. All appeals have been resolved, and the settlement is now final. Under the terms of the settlement, we have paid an aggregate of $
350
million to fund claims submitted by class members, the legal fees of plaintiffs’ counsel and the costs of administering the settlement. As required under the terms of the settlement, we have spent an aggregate of $
150
million for data security and related technology in 2022 and 2023. The settlement provides a full release of all claims arising out of the August 2021 cyberattack by class members who did not opt out, against all defendants, including us, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our directors and officers. The settlement contains no admission of liability, wrongdoing or responsibility by any of the defendants.
We anticipate that this settlement of the class action, along with other settlements of separate consumer claims that have been previously completed or are currently pending, will resolve substantially all of the claims brought to date by our current, former and prospective customers who were impacted by the 2021 cyberattack. In connection with the class action settlement and the separate settlements, we recorded a total pre-tax charge of approximately $
400
million in the second quarter of 2022.
In addition, in September 2022, a purported Company shareholder filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery under the caption
Harper v. Sievert et al.,
Case No. 2022-0819-SG, against our current directors and certain of our former directors, alleging claims for breach of fiduciary duty relating to the Company’s cybersecurity practices. We