issued a declaratory ruling authorizing up to 100% ownership of our Company by DT.
For our Educational Broadband Service (“EBS”) licenses in the 2.5 GHz band, FCC rules previously limited eligibility to hold EBS licenses to accredited educational institutions and certain governmental, religious and nonprofit entities, while permitting those license holders to lease their licenses to commercial providers for non-educational purposes. Therefore, we have historically accessed EBS spectrum primarily through long-term leasing arrangements with EBS license holders. Our EBS spectrum leases typically have an initial term equal to the remaining term of the EBS license, with an option to renew the lease for additional terms, for a total lease term of up to 30 years. In April 2020, the FCC lifted the restriction on who can hold EBS licenses and the 30-year limitation on lease duration, among other changes. The elimination of these restrictions allows current license holders to sell their licenses, including to T-Mobile. While a majority of our leases have contractual provisions enabling us to match offers, we may be forced to compete with others to purchase 2.5 GHz licenses on the secondary market and expend additional capital earlier than we may have anticipated. T-Mobile has started to acquire some of these EBS licenses, but we continue to lease spectrum in this band and expect that to be the case for some time.
While the Communications Act generally preempts state and local governments from regulating the entry of, or the rates charged by, wireless communications services providers, certain state and local governments regulate other terms and conditions of wireless service, including billing, termination of service arrangements and the imposition of early termination fees, advertising, network outages, the use of devices while driving, service mapping, protection of consumer information, zoning and land use. Notwithstanding this federal preemption, several states are considering or have passed laws or regulations
11
Table of Contents
that could potentially set prices, minimum performance standards and/or restrictions on service discontinuation that could impact our business in those states.
For example, following the FCC’s adoption of the 2017 Restoring Internet Freedom (“RIF”) Order reclassifying broadband internet access services as non-common carrier “information services,” a number of states sought to impose state-specific net neutrality, rate-setting, and privacy requirements on providers’ broadband services. The FCC’s RIF Order expressly preempted such state efforts, which were inconsistent with the FCC’s federal deregulatory approach at that time. In 2019, however, the DC Circuit issued a ruling largely upholding the RIF Order but also vacating the portion of the ruling broadly preempting state/local measures regulating broadband services. The court left open the prospect that particular state laws could still unlawfully conflict with the FCC’s