borrowers and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to incur more debt, create liens or other encumbrances, and to merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets.
Basis of Presentation
The following tables include summarized financial information of the obligor groups of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc., Sprint and Sprint Capital Corporation. The summarized financial information of each obligor group is presented on a combined basis with balances and transactions within the obligor group eliminated. Investments in and the equity in earnings of non-guarantor subsidiaries, which would otherwise be consolidated in accordance with GAAP, are excluded from the below summarized financial information pursuant to SEC Regulation S-X Rule 13-01.
The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. is presented in the table below:
(1)     The decrease in Noncurrent liabilities and Due to non-guarantors was primarily driven by the impact of certain intercompany settlements during the year ended December 31, 2024.
The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. is presented in the table below:
36
Table of Contents
The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint is presented in the table below:
(1)     The decrease in Noncurrent liabilities and Due to non-guarantors was primarily driven by the impact of certain intercompany settlements during the year ended December 31, 2024.
The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint is presented in the table below:
The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint Capital Corporation is presented in the table below:
(1)     The decrease in Noncurrent liabilities and Due to non-guarantors was primarily driven by the impact of certain intercompany settlements during the year ended December 31, 2024.
The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint Capital Corporation is presented in the table below:
Performance Measures
In managing our business and assessing financial performance, we supplement the information provided by our consolidated financial statements with other operating or statistical data and non-GAAP financial measures. These operating and financial measures are utilized by our management to evaluate our operating performance and, in certain cases, our ability to meet liquidity requirements. Although companies in the wireless industry may not define each of these measures in precisely the same way, we believe that these measures facilitate comparisons with other companies in the wireless industry on key operating and financial measures.
Postpaid Accounts
A postpaid account is generally defined as a billing account number that