existing $
7.0
billion securitization program, consisting of
two
series of senior secured notes. The first series of notes totaled $
2.1
billion in aggregate principal amount, bears interest at
4.738
% per annum, and has quarterly interest-only payments until June 2021, with additional quarterly principal payments commencing in June 2021 through March 2025. As of December 31, 2024, $
131
million of the aggregate principal amount was classified as Short-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The second series of notes totaled approximately $
1.8
billion in aggregate principal amount, bears interest at
5.152
% per annum, and has quarterly interest-only payments until June 2023, with additional quarterly principal payments commencing in June 2023 through March 2028. As of December 31, 2024, $
368
million of the aggregate principal amount was classified as Short-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Spectrum Portfolio, which also serves as collateral for the Spectrum-Backed Notes, remains substantially identical to the original portfolio from October 2016.
Simultaneously with the October 2016 offering, Sprint Communications, Inc. entered into a long-term lease with the Spectrum Financing SPEs for the ongoing use of the Spectrum Portfolio. Sprint Communications, Inc. is required to make monthly lease payments to the Spectrum Financing SPEs in an aggregate amount that is market-based relative to the spectrum usage rights as of the closing date and equal to $
165
million per month. The lease payments, which are guaranteed by T-Mobile subsidiaries subsequent to the Merger, are sufficient to service all outstanding series of the 2016 Spectrum-Backed Notes and the lease also
89
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
constitutes collateral for the senior secured notes. Because the Spectrum Financing SPEs are wholly owned T-Mobile subsidiaries subsequent to the Merger, these entities are consolidated and all intercompany activity has been eliminated.
Each Spectrum Financing SPE is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, prior to and upon the liquidation of the respective Spectrum Financing SPE, to be satisfied out of the Spectrum Financing SPE’s assets prior to any assets of such Spectrum Financing SPE becoming available to T-Mobile. Accordingly, the assets of each Spectrum Financing SPE are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations owed to other creditors of T-Mobile until the obligations of such Spectrum Financing SPE under the Spectrum-Backed Notes are paid in full. Certain provisions of the Spectrum Financing facility require us to maintain specified cash collateral balances. Amounts associated with these balances are considered to be restricted cash.
Restricted Cash
Certain provisions of our debt agreements require us to maintain specified cash collateral balances. Amounts associated with these balances are considered to be restricted cash.
Commercial Paper
On July