August 2021, we experienced a cybersecurity incident that resulted in numerous lawsuits, including mass arbitration claims and multiple class action lawsuits. In January 2023, we experienced another cybersecurity incident that also resulted in consumer class actions and regulatory inquiries. As a result of the August 2021 cyberattack and the January 2023 cyberattack, we have incurred and may continue to incur significant costs or experience other material financial impacts, which may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, our cyber liability insurance, and such costs and impacts may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
For additional details regarding the impact of both cybersecurity incidents, see
Note 1
8
– Commitments and Contingencies
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
We have not identified other known risks from previous cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us. However, we face ongoing risks from certain cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
See “Risk Factors –
We have experienced criminal cyberattacks and could in the future be further harmed by disruption, data loss or other security breaches, whether directly or indirectly through third parties whose products and services we rely on in operating our business
.”
Governance
Disclosure of Management’s Responsibilities
Transformation and Chief Information & Digital Officer
The Transformation and Chief Information & Digital Officer under the direction of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for overseeing the Company’s information technology systems, digital capabilities, and cybersecurity practices.
The CSO, under the direction of the Transformation and Chief Information & Digital Officer, is responsible for overseeing the
25
Table of Contents
cybersecurity organization and promoting a security-centric culture throughout our business and operational functions.
The CSO is at the forefront of enhancing our cybersecurity framework and strengthening the overall cybersecurity program. This involves upgrading tools and capabilities, which are part of a broader, multi-year strategy to continue to enhance security measures. The CSO oversees the cyber risk management function, which identifies cybersecurity threats, assesses cybersecurity risks and supports the Transformation and Chief Information & Digital Officer and the Company in managing such risks.
As the Company’s Executive Vice President, Transformation and Chief Information & Digital Officer, Néstor Cano has served in several leadership positions at both the Company and Sprint, including as Sprint’s Chief Operating Officer, overseeing, among other things, Sprint’s digital architecture and delivery. Mr. Cano studied industrial engineering at