acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Comcast in exchange for total cash consideration of between $1.2 billion and $3.3 billion, subject to an application for FCC approval. The licenses are subject to an exclusive leasing arrangement between us and Comcast entered into contemporaneously with the License Purchase Agreement. On January 13, 2025, we and Comcast entered into an amendment to the License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we will acquire additional spectrum. Subsequent to the amendment, the total cash consideration for the transaction is between $1.2 billion and $3.4 billion. We anticipate the closing will occur in the first half of 2028.
On September 10, 2024, we entered into a License Purchase Agreement with N77 License Co LLC (“Buyer”), pursuant to which Buyer has the option to purchase all or a portion of our remaining 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses in exchange for a range of cash consideration, with the specific licenses sold to be determined based upon the amount of committed financing raised by Buyer. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the licenses subject to the License Purchase Agreement were held at cost of $2.7 billion in Spectrum licenses on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We maintain the right to terminate the License Purchase
45
Table of Contents
Agreement no later than February 7, 2025, as we did not receive written notice of committed financing as of December 9, 2024, from the Buyer at or above a certain target level of cash consideration. If we do not terminate the License Purchase Agreement, the transaction is subject to FCC approval.
Acquisition of Ka’ena Corporation
On the Acquisition Date, we completed the Ka’ena Acquisition. The total purchase price is variable, dependent upon specified performance indicators of Ka’ena, and consists of an upfront payment on the Acquisition Date and an earnout payable on August 1, 2026. On the Acquisition Date and in satisfaction of the upfront payment, we transferred $420 million in cash and 3,264,952 shares of T-Mobile common stock valued at $536 million as determined based on its closing market price on April 30, 2024, for a total payment fair value of $956 million. The amount of the upfront payment was subject to customary adjustments and as a result of such adjustments, $17 million of the upfront payment was returned to T-Mobile during the fourth quarter of 2024, which resulted in a commensurate increase in the maximum payable in satisfaction of the earnout.
Based on the adjusted amount paid upfront, up to an additional $420 million in future cash and T-Mobile common stock is payable in satisfaction of the earnout, dependent upon Ka’ena’s achievement of specified performance indicators.
For more information regarding the Ka’ena Acquisition, see
Note 2 – Business Combinations
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Lumos Joint Venture
On April 24, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with Fund VI to establish a joint venture between us and Fund VI to