to customers. Our insurance may not cover or may not be adequate to fully reimburse us for costs and losses associated with such events, and such events may also impact the availability of insurance at costs and other terms we find acceptable for future events.
15
Table of Contents
The scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum, and regulations relating to spectrum use, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.
We continue to acquire and deploy new spectrum to expand and deepen our 5G coverage, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing or changing customer demands, and deploy new technologies. In order to expand and differentiate our services from our competitors, we will continue to actively seek to make additional investments in new spectrum, which could be significant. However, we may be unable to secure the additional spectrum necessary to maintain or enhance our competitive position on favorable terms or at all.
The continued interest in acquiring spectrum by existing carriers and others, including speculators, may reduce our ability to acquire or renew spectrum holdings (such as 2.5Ghz), and/or increase the cost of spectrum that is made available in the secondary markets and government auctions. Additionally, the FCC may be unable to make sufficient additional spectrum available for auction to meet the demand from all interested parties. As a result, any such spectrum that is made available at auction may be subject to heightened competition and priced beyond levels we are able or willing to pay.
Even if new spectrum becomes available to us, the FCC or other government entities may impose conditions on the acquisition and use of such spectrum, such as the configuration or geographic areas in which the spectrum may be deployed. These conditions may substantially increase the costs we incur or negatively affect the value of the spectrum to our business.
If we cannot acquire needed spectrum from the government or otherwise, if competitors acquire spectrum that will allow them to provide services competitive with our services, or if we cannot deploy services over acquired spectrum on a timely basis without burdensome conditions, at reasonable cost, and while maintaining network quality levels, our ability to attract and retain customers and our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
Any acquisition, divestiture, investment, joint venture or merger may subject us to significant risks, any of which may harm our business.
We may pursue acquisitions of, investments in, or joint ventures or mergers with, other companies, or the acquisition of technologies, services, products or other assets that we believe would complement or expand our business. We may also elect to divest some of our assets to third parties. Some of these potential transactions could be significant relative to the size of our business and operations. Any such transaction