investor.t-mobile.com. If we make any amendments to this code other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of this code we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies on our website at investor.t-mobile.com or in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC.
We have adopted a Policy on Securities Trading that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and employees that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and NASDAQ listing standards. A copy of our Policy on Securities Trading is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this report.
The remaining information required by this item, including information about our Directors, Executive Officers and Audit Committee will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report.
PART IV.
Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
(a) Documents filed as a part of this Form 10-K
1. Financial Statements
The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (
PCAOB ID:
34
)
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
110
Table of Contents
2. Financial Statement Schedules
All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable or the required information is otherwise included.
3. Exhibits
See the
Index to Exhibits
immediately following “Item 16. Form 10-K Summary” of this Form 10-K.