mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and IoT);
•
Prepaid customers generally include customers who pay for wireless communications services in advance; and
•
Wholesale customers include Machine-to-Machine and Mobile Virtual Network Operator customers that operate on our network but are managed by wholesale partners.
23
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Postpaid service revenues, including postpaid phone revenues and postpaid other revenues, were as follows:
The balances presented in each revenue line item on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income represent categories of revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated by type of product and service. Postpaid and prepaid service revenues also include revenues earned for providing premium services to customers, such as device insurance services. Revenue generated from the lease of mobile communication devices is included in Equipment revenues on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Contract Balances
The contract asset and contract liability balances from contracts with customers as of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, were as follows:
Contract assets primarily represent revenue recognized for equipment sales with promotional bill credits offered to customers that are paid over time and are contingent on the customer maintaining a service contract.
The change in the contract asset balance reflects customer activity related to new promotions, offset by billings on existing contracts and impairment, which is recognized as bad debt expense. The current portion of our contract assets of $
562
million and $
492
million as of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively, was included in Other current assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Contract liabilities are recorded when fees are collected, or we have an unconditional right to consideration (a receivable) in advance of delivery of goods or services. Changes in contract liabilities are primarily related to the activity of prepaid customers, including customers acquired through the Ka’ena Acquisition. Contract liabilities are primarily included in Deferred revenue
on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, include the following:
Remaining Performance Obligations
As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining service performance obligations for postpaid contracts with subsidized devices and promotional bill credits that result in an extended service contract is $
1.9
billion. We expect to recognize revenue as the service is provided on these postpaid contracts over an extended contract term of
24
months from the time of origination.
Information about remaining performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of