newsroom website (https://t-mobile.com/news), press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts.
We intend to also use certain social media accounts as a means of disclosing information about us and our services and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD (the @TMobileIR X account (https://x.com/TMobileIR), the @MikeSievert X account (https://x.com/MikeSievert) and our Chief Executive Officer’s LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/in/sievert), both of which Mr. Sievert also uses as a means for personal communications and observations, and the @TMobileCFO X account (https://x.com/tmobilecfo) and our Chief Financial Officer’s LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-osvaldik-3887394), both of which Mr. Osvaldik also uses as a means for personal communication and observations). The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these social media channels in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The social media channels that we intend to use as a means of disclosing the information described above may be updated from time to time as listed on our investor relations website.
Overview
The objectives of our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) are to provide users of our condensed consolidated financial statements with the following:
•
A narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results;
•
Context to the condensed consolidated financial statements; and
•
Information that allows assessment of the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance.
Our MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read together with, our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2025, included in
Part I, Item 1
of this Form 10-Q, and audited consolidated financial statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Except as expressly stated, the financial condition and results of operations discussed throughout our MD&A are those of T-Mobile US, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Sprint Merger-Related Costs
As of June 30, 2024, we have incurred substantially all restructuring and integration costs associated with our merger (the “Sprint Merger”) with Sprint Corporation (“Sprint”) and, accordingly, no longer separately disclose Sprint Merger-related costs. The cash payments for the Sprint Merger-related costs incurred extend beyond 2025 and primarily relate to operating leases for which we have recognized accelerated lease expense.
Sprint Merger-related costs were excluded from our calculations of Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA for the