date. The three-tier hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value, which prioritizes the inputs based on the observability as of the measurement date, is as follows:
Level 1       Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2       Observable inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities; and
Level 3       Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require us to develop assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the placement of assets and liabilities being measured within the fair value hierarchy.
64
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The carrying values of Cash and cash equivalents, Accounts receivable and Accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The carrying values of EIP receivables approximate fair value as the receivables are recorded at their present value using an imputed interest rate. With the exception of certain long-term fixed-rate debt, there were no financial instruments with a carrying value materially different from their fair value.
See
Note
8
– Fair Value Measurements
for a comparison of the carrying values and fair values of our short-term and long-term debt.
Foreign Currency Transactions
On May 8, 2024, we issued €
2.0
billion of euro (“EUR”) denominated debt. T-Mobile’s functional currency is the U.S. dollar (“USD”). Each period, we convert activity and balances in EUR into USD using average exchange rates for the period for income statement amounts and using end-of-period or spot exchange rates for assets and liabilities. We record transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of transaction currency to functional currency as a component of Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Derivative and Hedging Instruments
The Company manages its exposure to foreign exchange rates and interest rates through a risk management program that includes the use of derivative financial instruments, including cross-currency swaps. We designate certain derivatives as accounting hedge relationships. We do not hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.
We record derivatives on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recognize them as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Fair value is derived primarily from observable market data, and our derivatives are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
Cash flows associated with qualifying hedge derivative instruments are presented in the same category on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
as the item being