businesses of all kinds in our procurement processes. Purchases and contracts are awarded based on the best qualified and most competitive suppliers to enable T-Mobile’s success.
Environmental Sustainability
Efficiencies and Reducing Our Carbon Footprint
We are actively working to identify efficiencies in our energy usage and reduce our environmental impact by:
•
Pursuing a science-based net-zero emissions target for 2040, covering Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions;
•
Investing in renewable energy, meeting our RE100 pledge since 2021, through initiatives such as Virtual Power Purchasing Agreements and clean energy projects producing over 3.4 million megawatt hours annually;
•
Enhancing energy efficiency in our facilities, including retail stores, data centers, and cell sites; and
•
Promoting a circular economy through a robust device reuse and recycling program.
Responsible Sourcing
We believe our suppliers are a valuable extension of our business and corporate values. Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines expectations around ethical business practices for our suppliers. We require our suppliers to operate in compliance with the laws, rules, regulations and ethical standards of the countries in which they operate or provide products or services. We expect our suppliers to share our commitment to ethical conduct and environmentally responsible business practices while they conduct business with or on behalf of us. Our Responsible Sourcing Policy further outlines T-Mobile’s expectations in this area.
We employ a third-party risk management (“TPRM”) process to screen for anti-corruption, global sanctions, human rights and environmental risks before engaging with a supplier. Our TPRM process also continuously monitors current suppliers for policy violations and risks.
10
Table of Contents
Regulation
The FCC regulates many key aspects of our business, including licensing, construction, the operation and use of our network, modifications of our network, control and ownership of our licenses and authorizations, the sale, transfer and acquisition of certain licenses, domestic roaming arrangements and interconnection agreements, pursuant to its authority under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (“Communications Act”). The FCC has a number of complex requirements that affect our operations and pending proceedings regarding additional or modified requirements that could increase our costs or diminish our revenues. For example, the FCC has rules regarding provision of 911, 988 and E-911 services, porting telephone numbers, interconnection, roaming, internet openness or net neutrality, robocalling/robotexting, disabilities access, privacy and cybersecurity, digital discrimination, consumer protection and the universal service and Lifeline programs. Many of these and other issues are being considered in ongoing proceedings, and we cannot predict whether or how such actions will affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Our ability to