themselves and existing subleasing agreements with other mobile network operator tenants that lease space at the tower sites. Liabilities included the obligation to pay ground lease rentals, property taxes and other executory costs.
We determined the SPEs containing the CCI Lease Sites (“Lease Site SPEs”) are VIEs as they lack sufficient equity to finance their activities. We have a variable interest in the Lease Site SPEs but are not the primary beneficiary as we lack the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the Lease Site SPEs’ economic performance. These activities include managing tenants and underlying ground leases, performing repair and maintenance on the towers, the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive the expected future residual returns from the purchase option to acquire the CCI Lease Sites. As we determined that we are not the primary beneficiary and do not have a controlling financial interest in the Lease Site SPEs, the Lease Site SPEs are not included on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
However, we also considered if this arrangement resulted in the sale of the CCI Lease Sites for which we would derecognize the tower assets. By assessing whether control had transferred, we concluded that transfer of control criteria, as discussed in the revenue standard, were not met. Accordingly, we recorded this arrangement as a financing whereby we recorded debt, a financial obligation, and the CCI Lease Sites tower assets remained on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recorded long-term financial obligations in the amount of the net proceeds received and recognize interest on the tower obligations. The tower obligations are increased by interest expense and amortized through contractual leaseback payments made by us to CCI and through net cash flows generated and retained by CCI from the operation of the tower sites.
Acquired CCI Tower Lease Arrangements
Prior to our merger (the “Sprint Merger”) with Sprint Corporation (“Sprint”), Sprint entered into a lease-out and leaseback arrangement with Global Signal Inc., a third party that was subsequently acquired by CCI, that conveyed to CCI the exclusive right to manage and operate approximately
6,400
tower sites (“Master Lease Sites”) via a master prepaid lease. These agreements were assumed upon the close of the Sprint Merger, at which point the remaining term of the lease-out was approximately
17
years with
no
renewal options. CCI has a fixed price purchase option for all (but not less than all) of the leased or subleased sites for approximately $
2.3
billion, exercisable
one year
prior to the expiration of the agreement and ending
120
days prior to the expiration of the agreement. We lease back a portion of the space at certain tower sites.
22
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
We considered if this arrangement resulted in the sale of the Master Lease Sites for which we would derecognize