forms of the SEC and otherwise to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act would be negatively impacted. As a result, we could face legal fines and penalties, diminished investor confidence, and adverse impacts on our access to the capital markets, potentially resulting in a decline in our stock price and harm to our reputation.
19
Table of Contents
Changes in regulations or in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.
We are subject to regulatory oversight by various federal, state, and local agencies, as well as judicial review and actions, on issues related to the wireless industry that include, but are not limited to, roaming, interconnection, spectrum allocation and licensing, facilities siting, pole attachments, intercarrier compensation, Universal Service Fund (“USF”), 911 services, robocalling/robotexting, consumer protection, consumer privacy, and cybersecurity. We are also subject to regulations in connection with other aspects of our business, including device financing and insurance activities.
The FCC regulates the licensing, construction, modification, operation, ownership, sale, and interconnection of wireless communications systems, as do some state and local regulatory agencies. In particular, the FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio spectrum is used by licensees or at what power levels, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and the resolution of issues of interference between operators in the same or adjacent spectrum bands. Changes necessary to resolve interference issues or concerns may have a significant impact on our ability to fully utilize our spectrum. Additionally, the FTC and other federal and state agencies have asserted that they have jurisdiction over some consumer protection matters, and the elimination and prevention of anticompetitive business practices with respect to the provision of wireless products and services.
We cannot assure that the FCC or any other federal, state, or local agencies will not adopt or change regulations, change or discontinue existing programs, implement new programs, or take enforcement or other actions that would adversely affect our business, impose new costs, or require changes in current or planned operations, including timing of the shutdown of legacy technologies.
We also face potential investigations by, and inquiries from or actions by state public utility commissions. We also cannot assure that Congress will not amend the Communications Act, from which the FCC obtains its authority, and which serves to limit state authority, or enact other legislation in a manner that could be adverse to our business.
Further, government funded programs may be discontinued due to ongoing legal challenges to the FCC’s funding mechanism, which could result in the reduction in