reacquisition costs and related taxes, is included in Treasury stock on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We accrue the cost of repurchased shares and exclude such shares from the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share, as of the trade date. We recognize a liability for share repurchases which have not settled and for which cash has not been paid in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash payments to reacquire our shares, including equity reacquisition costs and related taxes, are included in Repurchases of common stock on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
69
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Dividends declared are included as a reduction to Retained earnings on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize a liability for dividends declared but for which cash has not been paid in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Dividend cash payments to stockholders are included in Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
See
Note 1
5
- Stockholder Return Programs
for further information.
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing Net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of outstanding stock options, RSUs and PRSUs, calculated using the treasury stock method.
See
Note 1
6
– Earnings Per Share
for further information.
Variable Interest Entities
VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, have equity investors that do not have the ability to make significant decisions relating to the entity's operations through voting rights, do not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses or do not have the right to receive the residual returns of the entity. The most common type of VIE is a special purpose entity (“SPE”). SPEs are commonly used in securitization transactions in order to isolate certain assets and distribute the cash flows from those assets to investors. SPEs are generally structured to insulate investors from claims on the SPEs’ assets by creditors of other entities, including the creditors of the seller of the assets, these SPEs are commonly referred to as being bankruptcy remote.
The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the assets and liabilities of a VIE. The primary beneficiary is the party which has both the power to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance, and through its interests in the VIE, the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE which could potentially be significant to the VIE.
In assessing