March 30, 2023, we and the Sellers entered into Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements pursuant to which we and the Sellers agreed to separate the transaction into
two
tranches of licenses, with the closings on the acquisitions of certain licenses in Chicago, Dallas and New Orleans being deferred in order to potentially expedite the regulatory approval process for the remainder of the licenses. Subsequently, on August 25, 2023, we and the Sellers entered into Amendments No. 1 to the Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements, which deferred the closings of certain additional licenses in Chicago and Dallas into the second closing tranche. Together, the licenses with closings deferred into the second closing tranche represent $
1.1
billion of the aggregate $
3.5
billion cash consideration. The licenses being acquired by us, and the total consideration being paid for the licenses, remain the same under the original License Purchase Agreements and subsequent amendments.
The FCC approved the purchase of the first tranche on December 29, 2023. The first tranche closed on June 24, 2024, and the associated payment of $
2.4
billion was made on August 5, 2024.
The FCC approved the purchase of the Dallas licenses included in the second tranche on October 22, 2024. The purchase of the Dallas licenses closed on December 6, 2024, and the associated payment of $
541
million was made on the same day.
We anticipate that the remaining deferred licenses from the second tranche of $
604
million will close in 2025.
The parties have agreed that each of the closings will occur within
180
days after the receipt of the applicable required regulatory approvals, and payment of each portion of the aggregate $
3.5
billion purchase price will occur no later than
40
days after the date of each respective closing.
Comcast Corporation
On September 12, 2023, we entered into a License Purchase Agreement with Comcast Corporation and its affiliate, Comcast OTR1, LLC (together with Comcast Corporation, “Comcast”), pursuant to which we will acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Comcast in exchange for total cash consideration of between $
1.2
billion and $
3.3
billion, subject to an application for FCC approval. The licenses will be acquired without any associated networks. We anticipate the closing will occur in the first half of 2028.
The final purchase price will be determined, in the aggregate and on a per license basis, based on the set of licenses subject to the License Purchase Agreement at the time the parties make required transfer filings with the FCC. Prior to the time of such filings, Comcast has the right to remove any or all of a certain specified subset of the licenses, totaling $
2.1
billion (the “Optional Sale Licenses”), from the License Purchase Agreement. The removal of any Optional Sale Licenses would reduce the final purchase price by the assigned value of each such license, from the maximum purchase price of $
3.3
billion.
The licenses are