service was deactivated as a percentage of the average number of customers during the specified period further divided by the number of months in the period. The number of customers whose service was deactivated is presented net of customers that subsequently had their service restored within a certain period of time and excludes customers who received service for less than a certain minimum period of time. We believe that churn provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to evaluate customer retention and loyalty.
The following table sets forth the churn:
Postpaid phone churn decreased 1 basis point, primarily from improved customer retention, including the benefits of a differentiated value proposition and network experience.
39
Table of Contents
Prepaid churn decreased 3 basis points, primarily from improved customer retention.
Postpaid Average Revenue Per Account
Postpaid Average Revenue per Account (“ARPA”) represents the average monthly postpaid service revenue earned per account. Postpaid ARPA is calculated as Postpaid revenues for the specified period divided by the average number of postpaid accounts during the period, further divided by the number of months in the period. We believe postpaid ARPA provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our postpaid service revenue realization and assists in forecasting our future postpaid service revenues on a per account basis. We consider postpaid ARPA to be indicative of our revenue growth potential given the increase in the average number of postpaid phone customers per account and increases in postpaid other customers, including High Speed Internet, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and IoT).
The following table sets forth our operating measure ARPA:
Postpaid ARPA increased $4.58, or 3%, primarily from:
•
Higher premium services, primarily high-end rate plans, net of contra-revenues for content included in such plans, and discounts for specific affinity groups, such as 55+, military and first responders;
•
An increase in customers per account, including continued adoption of High Speed Internet; and
•
The impact from rate plan optimizations; partially offset by
•
Increased promotional activity; and
•
An increase in total High Speed Internet only accounts.
Average Revenue Per User
Average Revenue per User (“ARPU”) represents the average monthly service revenue earned per customer. ARPU is calculated as service revenues for the specified period divided by the average number of customers during the period, further divided by the number of months in the period. We believe ARPU provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our service revenue per customer and assist in forecasting our future service revenues generated from our customer base. Postpaid phone ARPU excludes postpaid other customers and