Adjusted Free Cash Flow margin is utilized by management, investors, and analysts to evaluate the Company’s ability to convert service revenue efficiently into cash available to pay debt, repurchase shares, pay dividends and provide further investment in the business.
The table below provides a reconciliation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow to Net cash provided by operating activities, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure:
Adjusted Free Cash Flow increased $3.4 billion, or 25%, for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily from:
•
Higher Net cash provided by operating activities, as described above; and
•
Lower Cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest, driven by increased capital efficiencies from accelerated investments in our nationwide 5G network in previous years; partially offset by
•
Lower Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions, which were offset in Net cash provided by operating activities.
•
Adjusted Free Cash Flow includes the impact of $767 million and $2.0 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in net payments for Merger-related costs.
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were no significant net cash proceeds from securitization.
On October 22, 2024, we executed amendments (the “Pledge Amendments”) to the EIP Sale Arrangement and the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement (as discussed in
Note 5 – Sales of Certain Receivables
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Following the effective date of the Pledge Amendments of November 1, 2024, all cash proceeds associated with the sale of such receivables, a portion of which, prior to November 1, 2024, were recognized as Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions within Net cash used in investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, were recognized as operating cash flows. The Pledge Amendments did not have a net impact on Adjusted Free Cash Flow.
Borrowing Capacity
We maintain a revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) with an aggregate commitment amount of $7.5 billion. As of December 31, 2024, there was no outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Facility.
We maintain an unsecured short-term commercial paper program with the ability to borrow up to $2.0 billion from time to time. This program supplements our other available external financing arrangements and proceeds are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2024, there was no outstanding balance under this program.
44
Table of Contents
Debt Financing
As of December 31, 2024, our total debt and financing lease liabilities were $80.6 billion, excluding our tower obligations, of which $74.2 billion was classified as long-term debt and $1.2 billion was classified as long-term financing lease liabilities.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we issued long-term debt for