included Sprint Merger-related costs, net of tax, of $97 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. There were no Sprint Merger-related costs for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Guarantor Financial Information
Pursuant to the applicable indentures and supplemental indentures, the Senior Notes to affiliates and third parties issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc., Sprint and Sprint Capital Corporation (collectively, the “Issuers”) are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by T-Mobile (“Parent”) and certain of Parent’s 100% owned subsidiaries (“Guarantor Subsidiaries”).
The guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries are subject to release in limited circumstances only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. Generally, the guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries with respect to the Senior Notes issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. (other than $3.5 billion in principal amount of Senior Notes issued in 2017 and 2018) and the credit agreement entered into by T-Mobile USA, Inc. will be automatically and unconditionally released if, immediately following such release and any concurrent releases of other guarantees, the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness of non-guarantor subsidiaries (other than certain specified subsidiaries) would not exceed $2.0 billion. The indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing the long-term debt contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Issuers or borrowers and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to incur more debt, create liens or other encumbrances, and to merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets.
Basis of Presentation
The following tables include summarized financial information of the obligor groups of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc., Sprint and Sprint Capital Corporation. The summarized financial information of each obligor group is presented on a combined basis with balances and transactions within the obligor group eliminated. Investments in and the equity in earnings of non-guarantor subsidiaries, which would otherwise be consolidated in accordance with GAAP, are excluded from the below summarized financial information pursuant to SEC Regulation S-X Rule 13-01.
The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. is presented in the table below:
38
Table of Contents
The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. is presented in the table below:
The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint is presented in the table below:
(1)     The decrease in Due to non-guarantors was primarily driven by the impact of certain intercompany settlements during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued