Performance Measures
” section of this MD&A.
Wholesale and other service revenues
decreased $374 million, or 35%, primarily from:
•
Lower MVNO revenues, including the impact from the Ka’ena Acquisition and lower DISH and TracFone MVNO revenues; and
•
Lower Affordable Connectivity Program revenues.
Equipment revenues
increased $453 million, or 14%, primarily from:
•
An increase of $290 million in device sales revenue, primarily from higher average revenue per device sold, net of promotions, primarily driven by an increase in the high-end phone mix, including the impact of higher postpaid device upgrades and lower Assurance Wireless device sales; and
•
An increase of $190 million in liquidation revenue, primarily due to an increase in the high-end phone mix and a higher number of liquidated devices.
Other revenues
were essentially flat.
Total operating expenses
increased $490 million, or 3%. The components of this change are discussed below.
Cost of services
, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased $86 million, or 3%, primarily from $107 million in Sprint Merger-related costs related to network decommissioning and integration recognized in the prior year.
Cost of equipment sales
, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $399 million, or 9%, primarily from:
•
An increase of $253 million in device cost of equipment sales, primarily from higher average cost per device sold, primarily driven by an increase in the high-end phone mix, including the impact of higher postpaid device upgrades and lower Assurance Wireless device sales; and
•
An increase of $132 million in liquidation costs, primarily due to an increase in the high-end phone mix and a higher number of liquidated devices.
Selling, general and administrative
expenses increased $350 million, or 7%, primarily from:
•
Higher payroll and benefit related expenses; and
•
Higher costs as a result of the Ka’ena Acquisition.
Depreciation and amortization
decreased $173 million, or 5%, primarily from higher depreciation expense from the acceleration of certain technology assets in the prior year.
Operating income
, the components of which are discussed above, increased $802 million, or 20%.
Interest expense, net
was essentially flat.
37
Table of Contents
Other (expense) income, net
was insignificant for both periods.
Income before income taxes
, the components of which are discussed above, was $3.8 billion and $3.1 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Income tax expense
increased $121 million, or 16%, primarily from:
•
Higher income before income taxes; partially offset by
•
An increase in excess tax benefits related to the vesting of restricted stock awards.
Our effective tax rate was 23.0% and 24.4% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Net income
, the components of which are discussed above, was $3.0 billion and $2.4 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Net income