complement our fixed wireless services in those areas. However, these partnerships also involve inherent risks. See
“Any acquisition, divestiture, investment, joint venture or merger may subject us to significant risks, any of which may harm our business”
for further discussions of such risks.
If we are unable to compete effectively in attracting and retaining customers in markets where we operate, it could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and operating results.
We have experienced criminal cyberattacks and may experience disruption, data loss and other security breaches, whether directly or indirectly through third parties whose products and services we rely on in operating our business.
Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our customers, such as sensitive personal, account and payment information, confidential information about our employees and suppliers, and other sensitive information about our Company, such as our business plans, transactions, financial information, and intellectual property (collectively, “Confidential Information”). Additionally, to offer services to our customers and operate our business, we utilize several applications and systems, including those we own and operate, such as our wireless network, as well as others provided to us by third parties, such as cloud service providers and SaaS companies (collectively, “Systems”).
We are subject to persistent cyberattacks and threats to our business from bad actors seeking to gain unauthorized access to Confidential Information and compromise Systems to undermine availability or integrity. They are perpetrated by a variety of groups and persons, including nation state-sponsored parties, malicious actors, employees, contractors, or other unrelated third parties. Some actors reside in jurisdictions where law enforcement measures to address such attacks are ineffective or unavailable.
Cyberattacks against companies like ours are increasing in frequency and scope of potential harm over time, and the methods used to gain unauthorized access constantly evolve, making it increasingly difficult to anticipate, prevent, and detect incidents successfully in every instance. In some cases, these bad actors exploit bugs, errors, misconfigurations or other vulnerabilities in our Systems to obtain Confidential Information. In other cases, these bad actors obtain unauthorized access to Confidential Information by exploiting insider access or utilizing log in credentials taken from our customers, employees, or third-party providers through credential harvesting, social engineering or other means. Other bad actors aim to cause serious operational disruptions to our business and Systems through ransomware or distributed denial of services attacks.
Although we regularly work to identify, track and remedy any security vulnerabilities, given the complex nature of our Systems and the tools that are available to us, we may be