2021 cyberattack. In connection with the class action settlement and the separate settlements, we recorded a total pre-tax charge of approximately $
400
million in the second quarter of 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized $
105
million, $
50
million and $
100
million, respectively, in reimbursements from insurance carriers for costs incurred related to the August 2021 cyberattack, which is included as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
In addition, in September 2022, a purported Company shareholder filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery under the caption
Harper v. Sievert et al.,
Case No. 2022-0819-SG, against our current directors and certain of our former directors, alleging claims for breach of fiduciary duty relating to the Company’s cybersecurity practices. We are also named as a nominal defendant in the lawsuit. On May 31, 2024, the court issued an opinion dismissing the plaintiff’s complaint in its entirety. The plaintiff has appealed that decision. We are unable at this time to predict the potential outcome of this lawsuit or whether we may be subject to further private litigation.
We have also received inquiries and contested legal proceedings from various government agencies, law enforcement and other governmental authorities related to the August 2021 cyberattack, which could result in substantial fines or penalties. We reached an agreement with the FCC, which was announced on September 30, 2024, to resolve one of those inquiries. We will continue to cooperate fully with the other agencies and regulators inquiring about the matter with an aim to resolve all of these matters. While we hope to resolve them in the near term, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these matters or whether we may be subject to further regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions.
In light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters, and based on the information currently available to us, in addition to the previously recorded pre-tax charge of approximately $
400
million noted above, we believe it is reasonably possible that we could incur additional losses associated with these proceedings and inquiries, and we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. Ongoing legal and other costs related to these proceedings and inquiries, as well as any potential future actions, may be substantial, and losses associated with any adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolutions of such proceedings and inquiries could be material to our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
On June 17, 2022, plaintiffs filed a putative antitrust class action complaint in the