capital stock of Blis Holdco Limited (“Blis”), a provider of advertising solutions (the “Blis Acquisition”).
Upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, on March 3, 2025 (the “Blis Acquisition Date”), we completed the Blis Acquisition, and as a result, Blis became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile. In exchange, T-Mobile transferred cash of $
180
million. A portion of the payment made on the Blis Acquisition Date was for the settlement of preexisting relationships with Blis and is excluded from the fair value of consideration transferred.
We have accounted for the Blis Acquisition as a business combination. The fair value of consideration transferred as of the Blis Acquisition Date totaled $
174
million. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Blis were recorded at their provisionally assigned fair values as of the Blis Acquisition Date and consolidated with those of T-Mobile. The provisionally assigned fair values of total assets acquired, including goodwill, and total liabilities assumed at the Blis Acquisition Date were $
276
million and $
102
million, respectively. Goodwill with a provisionally assigned value of $
112
million represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
We are in the process of finalizing the valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Therefore, the provisionally assigned fair values above are subject to adjustment as additional information is obtained.
Note 3 – Joint Ventures
Lumos and Metronet Joint Ventures
On April 24, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with a fund operated by EQT, Infrastructure VI fund (“Fund VI”), to establish a joint venture between us and Fund VI to acquire Lumos (“Lumos”), a fiber-to-the-home platform, from EQT’s predecessor fund, EQT Infrastructure III. Subsequent to March 31, 2025, on April 1, 2025, we completed the joint acquisition of Lumos, upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals. At closing, we invested $
926
million to acquire a
50
% equity interest in the joint venture and fiber customers. The funds invested by us will be used by the joint venture to fund future fiber builds. In addition, pursuant to the definitive agreement, we expect to make an additional capital contribution of approximately $
500
million in 2027 or 2028 under the existing business plan.
On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR & Co. Inc. (“KKR”) to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet Holdings, LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, “Metronet”), a fiber-to-the-home platform. This arrangement is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $
4.9
billion to acquire a
50
% equity interest in the joint venture and all