subject to an exclusive leasing arrangement between us and Comcast, which were entered into contemporaneously with the License Purchase Agreement. If Comcast elects to remove an Optional Sale License from the License Purchase Agreement, the associated lease for such Optional Sale License will terminate, but no sooner than
two years
from the date of the License Purchase Agreement (with us having a minimum period of time after any such termination to cease transmitting on such license’s associated spectrum).
On January 13, 2025, we and Comcast entered into an amendment to the License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we will acquire additional spectrum. Subsequent to the amendment, the total cash consideration for the transaction is between $
1.2
billion and $
3.4
billion.
82
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
N77 License Co LLC
On September 10, 2024, we entered into a License Purchase Agreement with N77 License Co LLC (“Buyer”), pursuant to which Buyer has the option to purchase all or a portion of our remaining 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses in exchange for a range of cash consideration, with the specific licenses sold to be determined based upon the amount of committed financing raised by Buyer. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the licenses subject to the License Purchase Agreement were held at cost of $
2.7
billion in Spectrum licenses on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We maintain the right to terminate the License Purchase Agreement no later than February 7, 2025, as we did not receive written notice of committed financing as of December 9, 2024, from the Buyer at or above a certain target level of cash consideration. The transaction is subject to FCC approval. We do not expect the transaction to have a material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Impairment Assessment
For our assessment of Spectrum license impairment, we employed a qualitative approach. No events or change in circumstances have occurred that indicate the fair value of the Spectrum licenses may be below its carrying amount at December 31, 2024.
Other Intangible Assets
The components of Other intangible assets were as follows:
(1)
Includes intangible assets acquired in the Ka’ena Acquisition. See
Note 2 - Business Combinations
for more information.
Amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization was $
857
million, $
888
million and $
1.2
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The estimated aggregate future amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization is summarized below:
Substantially all of the estimated future amortization expense is associated with intangible assets acquired through our business combinations.
83
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 8 – Fair Value Measurements
The carrying values of Cash and cash equivalents, Accounts receivable and Accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the