have been eliminated in consolidation.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States (“U.S.”) generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the financial statements and accompanying notes.
Estimates are based on historical experience, where applicable, and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ from those estimates.
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures.” The standard enhances income tax disclosure requirements for all entities by requiring specified categories and greater disaggregation within the rate reconciliation table, disclosure of income taxes paid by jurisdiction, and providing clarification on uncertain tax positions and related financial statement impacts. The standard will be effective for us for our fiscal year 2025 annual financial statements with early adoption permitted. We plan to adopt the standard when it becomes effective for us beginning in our fiscal year 2025 annual financial statements, and we expect the adoption of the standard will impact certain of our income tax disclosures.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.” In January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-01, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date,” which clarifies the effective date of ASU 2024-03. The standard requires that public business entities disclose additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to financial statements for interim and annual reporting periods. The standard will become effective for us for our fiscal year 2027 annual financial statements and interim financial statements thereafter and may be applied prospectively to periods after the adoption date or retrospectively for all prior periods presented in the financial statements, with early adoption permitted. We plan to adopt the standard when it becomes effective for us beginning in our fiscal year 2027 annual financial statements, and we are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the disclosures included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
8
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 2 – Business Combinations
Acquisition of Ka’ena Corporation
On March 9, 2023, we entered into a merger and unit purchase agreement (the “Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement”) for the acquisition of
100
% of the