the tower assets. By assessing whether control had transferred, we concluded that transfer of control criteria, as discussed in the revenue standard, were not met. Accordingly, we recorded this arrangement as a financing whereby we recorded debt, a financial obligation, and the Master Lease Sites tower assets remained on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.
We recognize interest expense on the tower obligations. The tower obligations are increased by the interest expense and amortized through contractual leaseback payments made by us to CCI. The tower assets are reported in Property and equipment, net on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and are depreciated to their estimated residual values over the expected useful life of the towers, which is
20
years.
Leaseback Arrangement
On January 3, 2022, we entered into an agreement (the “Crown Agreement”) with CCI. The Crown Agreement extends the current term of the leasebacks by up to
12
years and modifies the leaseback payments for both the Existing CCI Tower Lease Arrangements and the Acquired CCI Tower Lease Arrangements. As a result of the Crown Agreement, there was an increase in our financing obligation as of the effective date of the Crown Agreement of approximately $
1.2
billion, with a corresponding decrease to Other long-term liabilities associated with unfavorable contract terms. The modification resulted in a revised interest rate under the effective interest method for the tower obligations:
11.6
% for the Existing CCI Tower Lease Arrangements and
5.3
% for the Acquired CCI Tower Lease Arrangements. There were no changes made to either of our master prepaid leases with CCI.
The following table summarizes the balances associated with both of the tower arrangements on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Future minimum payments related to the tower obligations are approximately $
382
million for the 12-month period ending March 31, 2026, $
793
million in total for both of the 12-month periods ending March 31, 2027 and 2028, $
841
million in total for both of the 12-month periods ending March 31, 2029 and 2030, and $
3.6
billion in total thereafter.
We are contingently liable for future ground lease payments through the remaining term of the CCI Lease Sites and the Master Lease Sites. These contingent obligations are not included in Operating lease liabilities, as any amount due is contractually owed by CCI based on the subleasing arrangement. Under the arrangement, we remain primarily liable for ground lease payments on approximately
900
sites and have included lease liabilities of $
249
million in our Operating lease liabilities as of March 31, 2025.
Note 10 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Disaggregation of Revenue
We provide wireless communications services to
three
primary categories of customers:
•
Postpaid customers generally include customers who are qualified to pay after receiving wireless communications services utilizing phones, High Speed Internet,