are also named as a nominal defendant in the lawsuit. On May 31, 2024, the court issued an opinion dismissing the plaintiff’s complaint in its entirety. The plaintiff appealed that decision, and on February 17, 2025, the Delaware Supreme Court affirmed the Court of Chancery’s decision dismissing the complaint. We are unable at this time to predict whether we may be subject to further private litigation relating to the August 2021 cyberattack or the Company’s cybersecurity practices.
We have also received inquiries and contested legal proceedings from various government agencies, law enforcement and other governmental authorities related to the August 2021 cyberattack, which could result in substantial fines or penalties. We reached an agreement with the FCC, which was announced on September 30, 2024, to resolve one of those inquiries. We will continue to cooperate fully with the other agencies and regulators inquiring about the matter with an aim to resolve all of these matters. While we hope to resolve them in the near term, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these matters or whether we may be subject to further regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions.
In light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters, and based on the information currently available to us, in addition to the previously recorded pre-tax charge of approximately $
400
million noted above, we believe it is reasonably possible that we could incur additional losses associated with these proceedings and inquiries, and we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. Ongoing legal and other costs related to these proceedings and inquiries, as well as any potential future actions, may be substantial, and losses associated with any adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolutions of such proceedings and inquiries could be material to our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
On June 17, 2022, plaintiffs filed a putative antitrust class action complaint in the Northern District of Illinois,
Dale et al. v. Deutsche Telekom AG, et al.
, Case No. 1:22-cv-03189, against DT, T-Mobile, and SoftBank, alleging that the Sprint Merger violated the antitrust laws and harmed competition in the U.S. retail cell service market. Plaintiffs seek injunctive relief and trebled monetary damages on behalf of a purported class of AT&T and Verizon customers whom plaintiffs allege paid artificially inflated prices due to the Sprint Merger. We are vigorously defending this lawsuit, but we are unable to predict the potential outcome.
29
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
On January 5, 2023, we identified that a bad actor was obtaining data through a single Application Programming Interface (“API”) without