hedged. For fair value hedges, other than foreign currency hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative instruments is recognized in earnings through the same income statement line item as the change in the fair value of the hedged item. For cash flow hedges, as well as fair value foreign currency hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative instruments is reported in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and recognized in earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings, again, through the same income statement line item.
Revenue Recognition
We primarily generate our revenue from providing wireless communications services and selling devices and accessories to customers. Our contracts with customers may involve more than one performance obligation, which include wireless services, wireless devices or a combination thereof, and we allocate the transaction price between each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price.
Wireless Communications Services Revenue
We generate our wireless communications services revenues from providing access to, and usage of, our wireless communications network. Service revenues also include revenues earned for providing premium services to customers, such as device insurance services. Generally, service contracts are billed monthly in advance of services being transferred or are prepaid. Service revenue is recognized as we satisfy our performance obligation to transfer service to our customers. We typically satisfy our stand-ready performance obligations, including unlimited wireless services, evenly over the contract term as services are transferred to our customers.
The enforceable duration of our postpaid service contracts with customers is typically
one month
. However, promotional EIP bill credits offered to a customer on an equipment sale that are paid over time and are contingent on the customer maintaining a service contract may result in an extended service contract based on whether a substantive penalty is deemed to exist.
Revenue is recorded net of costs paid to a third party for performance obligations where we facilitate an arrangement for the other party to transfer goods or services to our customer (i.e., when we are acting as an agent). For example, performance obligations relating to services provided by third-party content providers where we neither control a right to the content provider’s service nor control the underlying service itself are presented net.
Consideration payable to a customer is treated as a reduction of the total transaction price, unless the payment is in exchange for a distinct good or service, such as certain commissions paid to dealers, in which case the payment is treated as a purchase of that distinct good or service.
65
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Federal Universal Service Fund (“USF”) and state USF fees are assessed to T-Mobile by various governmental authorities in connection with the