benefit, currently
24
months.
For capitalized contract costs, determining the amortization period over which such costs are recognized as well as assessing the indicators of impairment requires judgment. Prepaid commissions are expensed as incurred as their estimated period of benefit does not extend beyond 12 months. Commissions paid upon device upgrade are not capitalized if the remaining customer contract is less than one year.
Incremental costs to obtain equipment contracts (e.g., commissions paid on device and accessory sales) are recognized when the equipment is transferred to the customer.
See
Note 1
1
– Revenue from Contracts with Customers
for further information.
Wireline Business
On September 6, 2022, Sprint Communications LLC, a Kansas limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Sprint Communications”), Sprint LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Cogent Infrastructure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Buyer”) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc., entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the “Wireline Sale Agreement”), pursuant to which Cogent Infrastructure, Inc. agreed to acquire the U.S. long-haul fiber network and operations (including the non-U.S. extensions thereof) of Sprint Communications and its subsidiaries (the “Wireline Business”). Such transactions contemplated by the Wireline Sale Agreement are collectively referred to as the “Wireline Transaction.” On May 1, 2023, Cogent Infrastructure, Inc. and the Company completed the Wireline Transaction.
Under the terms of the Wireline Sale Agreement, the Company agreed to make payments pursuant to an IP transit services agreement totaling $
700
million, consisting of (i) $
350
million in equal monthly installments during the first year after the closing and (ii) $
350
million in equal monthly installments over the subsequent
42
months.
The present value of the $
700
million liability for fees payable for IP transit services was recognized and treated as part of the consideration exchanged with the Buyer to complete the disposal transaction, as there is a remote likelihood we will use any more than a de minimis amount of the services under the IP transit services agreement. Therefore, we concluded the cash payment obligations under the IP transit services agreement were part of the consideration paid to the Buyer to facilitate the sale of the Wireline Business, and therefore, included in measuring the fair value less costs to sell of the Wireline Business disposal group. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, $
100
million and $
183
million of the liability associated with the IP transit services agreement, including accrued interest, is presented within Other current liabilities, respectively, and $
168
million and $
255
million of this liability, including accrued interest, is presented within Other long-term liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated