2024 and 2023, respectively, and is included in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred contract costs incurred to obtain postpaid service contracts are amortized over a period of
24
months. The amortization period is monitored to reflect any significant change in assumptions. Amortization of deferred contract costs included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were $
2.0
billion, $
1.8
billion and $
1.5
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The deferred contract cost asset is assessed for impairment on a periodic basis. There were
no
impairment losses recognized on deferred contract cost assets for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Note 12 – Segment Reporting
We manage our business activities on a consolidated basis and operate as a single operating segment: Wireless. We primarily derive our revenue in the United States by providing wireless communications services to customers using our wireless networks and selling devices that provide customers access to our wireless networks. The accounting policies of the Wireless segment are the same as those described in
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
.
Our CODM is our President and Chief Executive Officer, G. Michael Sievert. The CODM uses Net income, as reported on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, in evaluating performance of the Wireless segment and determining how to allocate resources of the Company as a whole, including investing in our networks and customers, stockholder return programs and acquisition strategy. The CODM does not review assets in evaluating the results of the Wireless segment, and therefore, such information is not presented.
93
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table provides the operating financial results of our Wireless segment:
(1)
Other segment items included in Segment net income primarily includes certain third-party commissions, external labor and services and backhaul expenses.
Note 13 – Employee Compensation and Benefit Plans
In June 2023, the stockholders of the Company approved the T-Mobile US, Inc. 2023 Incentive Award Plan (the “2023 Plan”), which replaced the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Sprint Corporation Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan that T-Mobile assumed in connection with the closing of the Merger (collectively, with the 2023 Plan, the “Incentive Plans”). Under the 2023 Plan, we are authorized to issue up to
33
million shares of our common stock and can grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs and PRSUs to eligible employees, consultants, advisors and non-employee directors. As of December 31, 2024, there were approximately
29
million shares of common stock available for future grants under the 2023 Plan.
We grant RSUs to eligible employees, key executives and certain non-employee directors and