wireless devices and construction in progress. Wireless communications systems include assets to operate our wireless network and information technology data centers, including tower assets, leasehold improvements and asset retirement costs. Leasehold improvements include asset improvements other than those related to the wireless network.
61
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairments, if any, in Property and equipment, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We generally depreciate property and equipment over the period the property and equipment provide economic benefit using the straight-line method. Depreciable life studies are performed periodically to confirm the appropriateness of depreciable lives for certain categories of property and equipment. These studies take into account actual usage, physical wear and tear, replacement history and assumptions about technology evolution. When these factors indicate the useful life of an asset is different from the previous assessment, the remaining book value is depreciated prospectively over the adjusted remaining estimated useful life. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the related lease term.
Costs of major replacements and improvements are capitalized. Repair and maintenance expenditures which do not enhance or extend the asset’s useful life are charged to operating expenses as incurred. Construction costs, labor and overhead incurred in the expansion or enhancement of our wireless network are capitalized. Capitalization commences with pre-construction period administrative and technical activities, which include obtaining zoning approvals and building permits, and ceases at the point at which the asset is ready for its intended use. We capitalize interest associated with the acquisition or construction of certain property and equipment. Capitalized interest is reported as a reduction in interest expense and depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.
We record an asset retirement obligation for the estimated fair value of legal obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related asset in the period in which the obligation is incurred. In periods subsequent to initial measurement, we recognize changes in the liability resulting from the passage of time and revisions to either the timing or the amount of the original estimate. Over time, the liability is accreted to its present value and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the estimated useful life of the asset. Our obligations relate primarily to certain legal obligations to remediate leased property on which our network infrastructure and administrative assets are located.
We capitalize certain costs incurred in connection with developing or acquiring internal use software.