costs associated with the Merger and, accordingly, no longer separately disclose Merger-related costs. The cash payments for the Merger-related costs incurred extend beyond 2024.
The following table summarizes the expenses incurred in connection with our Merger restructuring initiatives:
The expenses associated with our Merger restructuring initiatives are included in Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Our Merger restructuring initiatives also included the acceleration or termination of certain of our operating and financing leases for cell sites, switch sites, retail stores, network equipment and office facilities. Incremental expenses associated with terminated leases and leases for which we have recognized accelerated lease expense were $
91
million, $
390
million and $
1.7
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
2023 Workforce Reduction
In August 2023, we implemented an initiative to reduce the size of our workforce by approximately
5,000
positions, just under
7
% of our total employee base, primarily in corporate and back-office functions, and some technology roles.
The following table summarizes the expenses incurred in connection with our workforce reduction initiative:
106
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The expenses associated with our workforce reduction initiative are included in Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Note 20 – Additional Financial Information
Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities are summarized as follows:
Book overdrafts included in accounts payable were $
460
million and $
740
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Related Party Transactions
We have related party transactions associated with DT, SoftBank or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business, including intercompany servicing and licensing.
The following table summarizes the impact of significant transactions with DT or its affiliates included in Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income:
We have an agreement with DT for the reimbursement of certain administrative expenses, which was $
4
million for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we paid an aggregate of $
3.3
billion and $
747
million in cash dividends to our stockholders, of which $
1.7
billion and $
393
million was paid to DT, respectively. See
Note 1
5
- Stockholder Return Programs
for further information.
Supplemental Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Information
The following table summarizes T-Mobile’s supplemental cash flow information:
107