three months ended March 31, 2024, which are non-GAAP financial measures, as we do not consider these costs to be reflective of our ongoing operating performance. See “Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA” in the “
Performance Measures
” section of this MD&A.
Net cash payments for Sprint Merger-related costs, including payments related to our restructuring plan, are included in Net cash provided by operating activities on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and our calculation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow and were $61 million and $293 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
33
Table of Contents
Joint Ventures
On April 24, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with a fund operated by EQT, Infrastructure VI fund (“Fund VI”), to establish a joint venture between us and Fund VI to acquire Lumos (“Lumos”), a fiber-to-the-home platform, from EQT’s predecessor fund, EQT Infrastructure III. Subsequent to March 31, 2025, on April 1, 2025, we completed the joint acquisition of Lumos, upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals. At closing, we invested $926 million to acquire a 50% equity interest in the joint venture and fiber customers. The funds invested by us will be used to fund future fiber builds. In addition, pursuant to the definitive agreement, we expect to make an additional capital contribution of approximately $500 million in 2027 or 2028 under the existing business plan.
On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR & Co. Inc. (“KKR”) to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet Holdings, LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, “Metronet”), a fiber-to-the-home platform. This arrangement is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $4.9 billion to acquire a 50% equity interest in the joint venture and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as funding of the joint venture. We do not anticipate making further capital contributions following the closing under the existing business plan.
The joint ventures will focus on market identification and selection, build plans, network engineering and design, network deployment, and customer installation, with us owning customer relationships and selling fiber service under the T-Mobile brand. We expect to account for the Lumos and Metronet joint ventures under the equity method of accounting and recognize Service revenues for the acquired Lumos and Metronet fiber customers and wholesale costs paid to the joint ventures for network access within Cost of services on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Acquisition of Ka’ena Corporation
On May 1, 2024 (the “Ka’ena Acquisition Date”), we completed the merger with Ka’ena Corporation and its subsidiaries, including, among others, Mint Mobile LLC (collectively,