telecommunications services to seven customers in Germany identified on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control: Bank Melli, Europäisch-Iranische Handelsbank, CPG Engineering & Commercial Services GmbH, Golgohar Trade and Technology GmbH, International Trade and Industrial Technology ITRITEC GmbH, The Airline of the Islamic Republic of Iran and Kara Industrial Trading GmbH. These services are in the process of being terminated, in particular by undertaking appropriate legal steps before German courts. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, gross revenues of all DT affiliates generated by roaming and interconnection traffic and telecommunications services with the Iranian parties identified herein were less than $0.1 million, and the estimated net profits were less than $0.1 million.
In addition, DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate a fixed-line network in their respective European home countries (in particular, Germany), provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to the Embassy of Iran in those European countries. Gross revenues and net profits recorded from these activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025, were less than $0.1 million. We understand that DT intends to continue these activities.
Separately, SoftBank, through one of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, provides roaming services in Iran through Irancell Telecommunications Services Company. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, SoftBank had no gross revenues from such services, and no net profit was generated. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary intends to continue such services. This subsidiary also provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to accounts affiliated with the Embassy of Iran in Japan. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, SoftBank estimates that gross revenues and net profit generated by such services were both under $0.1 million. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary is obligated under contract and intends to continue such services.
In addition, SoftBank, through one of its non-U.S. indirect subsidiaries, provides office supplies to the Embassy of Iran in Japan. SoftBank estimates that gross revenues and net profit generated by such services during the three months ended March 31, 2025, were both under $0.1 million. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary intends to continue such activities.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of certain assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates as previously disclosed in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report