regarding environmental, social and governance matters, including potential new or revised disclosure rules proposed by the SEC and recently enacted or proposed legislation in jurisdictions such as California. The ultimate scope of these regulations may change as they are finalized, and they may not be uniform across jurisdictions. Meeting these obligations may require significant investments of time, capital, and personnel.
Risks Related to Our Indebtedness
Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business flexibility and ability to service our debt, and increase our borrowing costs.
We have, and we expect that we will continue to have, a substantial amount of debt. Our substantial level of indebtedness could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility in responding to changing business, economic, market and industry conditions and increasing the amount of cash required to service our debt. In addition, this level of indebtedness may
18
Table of Contents
also reduce funds available for capital expenditures, any Board-approved share repurchases, dividends or other activities. Those impacts may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies with lower debt levels. Further, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments, if any, which could increase the risks associated with our capital structure.
Our ability to service our substantial debt obligations will depend on future performance, which will be affected by business, economic, market and industry conditions and other factors. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations when due. If we are unable to meet such obligations or fail to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the agreements governing such debt obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our debt, sell important strategic assets at unfavorable prices or make additional borrowings. We may not be able to, at any given time, refinance our debt, sell assets, or make additional borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Changes in credit market conditions and other factors could adversely affect our ability to raise debt favorably.
Instability in the global financial markets, inflation, policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, including changes in monetary policy and interest rates, and other general economic conditions could lead to volatility in the credit and equity markets. This volatility could limit our access to the capital markets, leading to higher borrowing costs or, in some cases, the inability to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. Further, deterioration in our operating performance may lead to a decrease in our credit