stock of Vistar Media Inc., for a purchase price of approximately $625 million. The purchase price is subject to certain agreed-upon working capital and other adjustments. The acquisition is subject to certain customary closing conditions, including certain regulatory approvals, and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025.
For more information regarding the acquisition of Vistar Media Inc., see
Note 2 – Business Combinations
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have arrangements, as amended from time to time, to sell certain EIP accounts receivable and service accounts receivable on a revolving basis as a source of liquidity. As of December 31, 2024, we derecognized net receivables of $1.6 billion upon sale through these arrangements.
For more information regarding these off-balance sheet arrangements, see
Note 5 – Sales of Certain Receivables
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity
We may seek additional sources of liquidity, including through the issuance of additional debt, to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses or other long-lived assets in private party transactions, repurchase shares, pay dividends or for the refinancing of existing long-term debt on an opportunistic basis. Excluding liquidity that could be needed for acquisitions of businesses, spectrum and other long-lived assets, or for any potential stockholder returns, we expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity needs for business operations for the next 12 months, as well as our longer-term liquidity needs. Our intended use of any such funds is for general corporate purposes, including for capital expenditures, spectrum purchases, opportunistic investments and acquisitions, redemption of debt, tower obligations, share repurchases, and dividend payments.
We determine future liquidity requirements for operations, capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividend payments based in large part upon projected financial and operating performance, and opportunities to acquire additional spectrum or repurchase shares. We regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with the Government Commitments, and we have incurred all of the remaining restructuring and integration costs associated with the Merger, with the cash expenditures for the Merger-related costs extending beyond 2024. There are a number of additional risks and uncertainties that could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections, which could cause future liquidity to differ materially from our assessment.
The indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing our