primarily within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income subsequent to the Acquisition Date. The Ka’ena Acquisition enhances the Company’s position as a leading prepaid wireless carrier by diversifying our brand identities, enhancing our distribution footprint and preserving the value of our relationship with Ka’ena through its acquisition, including the acquisition of its prepaid customer relationships.
The financial results of Ka’ena from the Acquisition Date through December 31, 2024, were not material to our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, nor were they material to our prior period consolidated results on a pro forma basis. Costs related to the Ka’ena Acquisition were not material to our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Consideration Transferred
In accordance with the terms of the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, the total purchase price is variable, dependent upon specified performance indicators of Ka’ena, and consists of an upfront payment on the Acquisition Date and an earnout payable on August 1, 2026.
On the Acquisition Date and in satisfaction of the upfront payment, we transferred $
420
million in cash and
3,264,952
shares of T-Mobile common stock valued at $
536
million as determined based on its closing market price on April 30, 2024, for a total
71
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
payment fair value of $
956
million. An additional amount of the upfront payment payable to certain sellers was deferred and may be paid through January 2026. As of the Acquisition Date, we recognized a liability of $
27
million for the fair value of this deferred amount, which is included in the fair value of consideration transferred in the Ka’ena Acquisition. Furthermore, a portion of the upfront payment made on the Acquisition Date was for the settlement of the preexisting wholesale relationship with Ka’ena and excluded from the fair value of consideration transferred in the Ka’ena Acquisition. The amount of the upfront payment was subject to customary adjustments and as a result of such adjustments, $
17
million of the upfront payment was returned to T-Mobile during the fourth quarter of 2024, which resulted in a commensurate increase in the maximum amount payable in satisfaction of the earnout.
Based on the amount of the adjusted upfront payment, up to an additional $
420
million in future cash and T-Mobile common stock is payable in satisfaction of the earnout, dependent upon Ka’ena’s achievement of specified performance indicators.
•
$
251
million of the potential earnout amount is payment for the acquired Ka’ena business, and we recognized a liability of $
191
million for the fair value of such contingent consideration. This liability is adjusted to fair value at each future reporting date until settled, with a corresponding offset recorded to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of