outstanding equity of Ka’ena Corporation and its subsidiaries, including, among others, Mint Mobile LLC (collectively, “Ka’ena”), for a maximum purchase price of $
1.35
billion to be paid out
39
% in cash and
61
% in shares of T-Mobile common stock (the “Ka’ena Acquisition”). On March 13, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, which amended, among other things, certain mechanics of the payment of the purchase consideration for the Ka’ena Acquisition, which resulted in a nominal increase in the percentage of cash compared to shares of T-Mobile common stock to be paid out as part of the total purchase price.
Upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, on May 1, 2024 (the “Ka’ena Acquisition Date”), we completed the Ka’ena Acquisition, and as a result, Ka’ena became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile. Concurrently and as agreed upon through the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, T-Mobile and Ka’ena entered into certain separate transactions, including the effective settlement of the preexisting wholesale arrangement between T-Mobile and Ka’ena and agreements with certain of the sellers to provide services to T-Mobile during the post-acquisition period.
In accordance with the terms of the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, the total purchase price is variable, dependent upon specified performance indicators of Ka’ena, and consists of an upfront payment on the Ka’ena Acquisition Date and an earnout payable on August 1, 2026.
As of March 31, 2025, $
210
million of liabilities for contingent consideration and $
106
million of liabilities for post-acquisition services were presented within Other long-term liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
We have accounted for the Ka’ena Acquisition as a business combination. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Ka’ena were recorded at their provisionally assigned fair values as of the Ka’ena Acquisition Date and consolidated with those of T-Mobile.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the provisionally assigned fair values of Other long-term liabilities and Deferred tax liabilities increased $
9
million and decreased $
3
million, respectively, with an offsetting net increase to Goodwill, based on additional information arising subsequent to the initial valuation. These measurement period adjustments did not have an impact on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Goodwill
Goodwill with a provisionally assigned value of $
777
million represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The provisionally assigned goodwill recognized includes expected growth in customers and service revenues to be achieved from the operations of the combined company, the assembled