our products and services.
Changes to trade policies, including higher tariffs, restrictions and other economic disincentives to trade, may lead to operational delays, higher procurement and operational costs, and regulatory and compliance complexities, resulting in supply chain disruptions and higher prices and lower demand for devices and services we sell.
As a provider of telecommunications services, we depend on suppliers to provide us, directly or through other suppliers, with items such as equipment for our network, handsets, tablets, accessories, other mobile communication devices, other components and raw materials. Changes or proposed changes in U.S. or other countries’ trade policies that result in higher tariffs, restrictions and other economic disincentives to international trade may materially increase the costs we incur in developing, deploying and maintaining our network and offering products and services to our customers. A certain portion of the increased costs may be absorbed by certain suppliers, but some suppliers may struggle to absorb the increased costs, especially over the long term, potentially leading to supply disruptions or cost pass-throughs to us, which may lead to us increasing the prices we charge our customers. In addition, rapid changes in trade policies may negatively affect procurement timelines and supplier relationships and may introduce new compliance requirements. We may face potential delays in sourcing critical equipment due to customs clearance and supply chain bottlenecks, and material changes to cost structures could pressure our expenses and customer pricing.
Our attempts to mitigate potential disruptions to our supply chain and offset procurement and operational cost pressures, such as through alternative sourcing and/or increases in the selling prices of some of our products and services, may not be successful. Higher product or service prices for our customers may make it more difficult to attract new customers or cause increases in customer churn. Furthermore, we may not be able to offset any cost increases through productivity and cost-saving initiatives. To the extent that cost increases result in significant increases in our expenditures, or if our price increases are not sufficient to offset these increased costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if our revenues decrease, our business, financial condition or operating results may be adversely affected.
54
Table of Contents
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The table below provides information regarding our share repurchases during the three months ended March 31, 2025:
(1)    On December 13, 2024, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a stockholder return program for up to $14.0 billion that will run through December 31, 2025. The amounts presented represent the remaining dollar amount authorized for purchase under the 2025 Stockholder Return Program,