Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control: Bank Melli, Europäisch-Iranische Handelsbank, CPG Engineering & Commercial Services GmbH, Golgohar Trade and Technology GmbH and International Trade and Industrial Technology ITRITEC GmbH. These services have been terminated or are in the process of being terminated. For the year ended December 31, 2024, gross revenues of all DT affiliates generated by roaming and interconnection traffic and telecommunications services with the Iranian parties identified herein were less than $0.1 million, and the estimated net profits were less than $0.1 million.
In addition, DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate a fixed-line network in their respective European home countries (in particular, Germany), provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to the Embassy of Iran in those European countries. Gross revenues and net profits recorded from these activities for the year ended December 31, 2024, were less than $0.1 million. We understand that DT intends to continue these activities.
Separately, SoftBank, through one of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, provides roaming services in Iran through Irancell Telecommunications Services Company. During the year ended December 31, 2024, SoftBank had no gross revenues from such services, and no net profit was generated. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary intends to continue such services. This subsidiary also provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to accounts affiliated with the Embassy of Iran in Japan. During the year ended December 31, 2024, SoftBank estimates that gross revenues and net profit
50
Table of Contents
generated by such services were both under $0.1 million. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary is obligated under contract and intends to continue such services.
In addition, SoftBank, through one of its non-U.S. indirect subsidiaries, provides office supplies to the Embassy of Iran in Japan. SoftBank estimates that gross revenues and net profit generated by such services during the year ended December 31, 2024, were both under $0.1 million. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary intends to continue such activities.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our significant accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our results of operations and financial condition as they require that we use estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. See
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
Two of these policies, discussed below, relate to critical estimates because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts