under protest, and on June 27, 2024, T-Mobile and Sprint filed Petitions for Review challenging the FCC’s Forfeiture Orders in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. We are unable to predict the potential outcome of those proceedings.
On April 1, 2020, in connection with the closing of the Sprint Merger, we assumed the contingencies and litigation matters of Sprint. Those matters include a wide variety of disputes, claims, government agency investigations and enforcement actions, and other proceedings. These matters include, among other things, certain ongoing FCC and state government agency investigations into Sprint’s Lifeline program. In September 2019, Sprint notified the FCC that it had claimed monthly subsidies for serving subscribers, even though these subscribers may not have met usage requirements under Sprint's usage policy for the Lifeline program, due to an inadvertent coding issue in the system used to identify qualifying subscriber usage that occurred in July 2017 while the system was being updated. Sprint has made a number of payments to reimburse the federal government and certain states for excess subsidy payments.
We note that, pursuant to Amendment No. 2, dated as of February 20, 2020, to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2018, by and among the Company, Sprint and the other parties named therein, SoftBank agreed to indemnify us against certain specified matters and losses, including those relating to the Lifeline matters described above. Resolution of these matters could require us to make additional reimbursements and pay additional fines and penalties, which we do not expect to have a significant impact on our financial results. We expect that any additional liabilities related to these indemnified matters would be indemnified and reimbursed by SoftBank.
On June 1, 2021, a putative shareholder class action and derivative lawsuit was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery,
Dinkevich v. Deutsche Telekom AG, et al.
, Case No. C.A. No. 2021-0479, against DT, SoftBank and certain of our current and former officers and directors, asserting breach of fiduciary duty claims relating to the repricing amendment to the Business Combination Agreement and to SoftBank’s monetization of its T-Mobile shares. We are also named as a nominal defendant in the case. We are unable to predict the potential outcome of these claims.
28
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
On August 12, 2021, we became aware of a cybersecurity issue involving unauthorized access to T-Mobile’s systems (the “August 2021 cyberattack”). We immediately began an investigation and engaged cybersecurity experts to assist with the assessment of the incident and to help determine what data was impacted. Our investigation uncovered that the perpetrator had illegally gained access to certain areas of our systems on or about March 18, 2021, but only gained access to and took data of current, former,