agreement to lease space on at least
2,100
towers being retained and to extend our tenancy term on approximately
600
towers where we are already leasing space from UScellular for
15
years post-closing. We estimate the incremental future minimum lease payments associated with the master license agreement will be $
1.4
billion over
15
years post-closing.
Acquisition of Vistar Media Inc.
On December 20, 2024, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger for the acquisition of
100
% of the outstanding capital stock of Vistar Media Inc., a provider of technology solutions for digital-out-of-home advertisements, for a purchase price of approximately $
625
million. The purchase price is subject to certain agreed-upon working capital and other adjustments. The acquisition is subject to certain customary closing conditions, including certain regulatory approvals, and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025.
Note 3 – Joint Ventures
Lumos and Metronet Joint Ventures
On April 24, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with a fund operated by EQT, Infrastructure VI fund (“Fund VI”), to establish a joint venture between us and Fund VI to acquire Lumos (“Lumos”), a fiber-to-the-home platform, from EQT’s predecessor fund, EQT Infrastructure III. The arrangement is expected to close in the first half of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $
950
million in the joint venture to acquire a
50
% equity interest and all existing Lumos fiber customers. The funds invested by us will be used by the joint venture to fund future fiber builds. In addition, pursuant to the definitive agreement, we expect to make an additional capital contribution of approximately $
500
million in 2027 or 2028 under the existing business plan.
On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR & Co. Inc. (“KKR”) to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet Holdings, LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, “Metronet”), a fiber-to-the-home platform. This arrangement is expected to close in 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $
4.9
billion in the joint venture to acquire a
50
% equity interest and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as funding the joint venture. We do not anticipate making further capital contributions following the closing under the existing business plan.
Upon closing of the transactions, we expect to account for the Lumos and Metronet joint ventures under the equity method of accounting and recognize service revenues for the acquired Lumos and Metronet fiber customers and wholesale costs paid to the joint ventures for network access within Cost of services on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Note 4 – Receivables and Related Allowance for Credit Losses
We maintain an allowance for credit losses by applying an expected credit loss model.