or other hostile acts, and public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which may result in performance below the levels required by their contracts. Our business could be severely disrupted if critical suppliers or service providers fail to comply with their contracts or if we experience delays or service degradation during any transition to a new outsourcing provider or other supplier or if we are required to replace the supplied products or services with those from another source, especially if the replacement becomes necessary on short notice. Any such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Further, some of our suppliers may provide services from outside of the United States, which carries additional regulatory and legal obligations. We rely on suppliers to provide us with contractual assurances and to disclose accurate information regarding risks associated with their provision of products or services in accordance with our policies and standards, including our Supplier Code of Conduct and our third-party risk management practices. The failure of our suppliers to comply with our expectations and policies could expose us to additional legal and litigation risks and lead to unexpected contract terminations.
Additionally, we rely on third-party technology partners on various projects and developments. If any of our third-party technology partners terminate or reduce their relationships with us or suspend, limit, or cease their operations, we may not be able to complete such initiatives or achieve the intended results from the partnerships, and our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
Sociopolitical volatility and polarization may adversely affect our business operations and reputation.
The current sociopolitical environment is characterized by deep complexity, volatility, and polarization on various social and political issues. The increasing intersection of technology and politics has led to rapid and unpredictable shifts in public sentiment. Social media and digital platforms have amplified the voices of various stakeholders, creating the potential for swift change in public opinion and stronger reactions to corporate actions. As a company that sells products and services across the nation to millions of customers, these dynamics increase the risk of potential reputational damage, boycotts, and shifts in consumer behavior that could adversely affect our brand, sales and profitability. Our ability to respond effectively, sensitively, and authentically to the expectations and concerns of our customers, employees, and other stakeholders is key to mitigating these risks. If we are unable to manage these challenges effectively, there may be adverse impacts to our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
Additionally, we are subject to emerging and evolving regulatory requirements and frameworks