described below.
Sales of EIP Receivables
Overview of the Transaction
In 2015, we entered into an arrangement to sell certain EIP receivables on a revolving basis (the “EIP Sale Arrangement”). The maximum funding commitment of the sale arrangement is $
1.3
billion. On October 22, 2024, we extended the scheduled expiration date of the EIP Sale Arrangement to November 18, 2025.
76
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As of both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the EIP Sale Arrangement provided funding of $
1.3
billion. Sales of EIP receivables occur daily and are settled on a monthly basis.
In connection with this EIP Sale Arrangement, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity (the “EIP BRE”). Pursuant to the EIP Sale Arrangement, selected receivables are transferred to the EIP BRE. The EIP BRE then sells the receivables to a non-consolidated and unaffiliated third-party entity over which we do not exercise any level of control, nor does the third-party entity qualify as a VIE.
Variable Interest Entity
We determined that the EIP BRE is a VIE, as its equity investment at risk lacks the obligation to absorb a certain portion of its expected losses. We have a variable interest in the EIP BRE and have determined that we are the primary beneficiary based on our ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the EIP BRE’s economic performance. Those activities include selecting which receivables are transferred into the EIP BRE and sold in the EIP Sale Arrangement and funding of the EIP BRE. Additionally, our equity interest in the EIP BRE obligates us to absorb losses and gives us the right to receive benefits from the EIP BRE that could potentially be significant to the EIP BRE. Accordingly, we include the balances and results of operations of the EIP BRE in our consolidated financial statements.
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and classification of assets, which consist primarily of the deferred purchase price, and liabilities, which consist of the recourse guarantee, included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets with respect to the EIP BRE:
In addition, the EIP BRE is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, prior to any liquidation of the EIP BRE, to be satisfied prior to any value in the EIP BRE becoming available to us. Accordingly, the assets of the EIP BRE may not be used to settle our general obligations, and creditors of the EIP BRE have no recourse to our general credit.
Sales of Service Accounts Receivable
Overview of the Transaction
In 2014, we entered into an arrangement to sell certain service accounts receivable on a revolving basis (the “Service Receivable Sale Arrangement”). The maximum funding commitment of the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement is $
950
million, and the facility expires in February 2025. As of both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement provided funding of $
775