arrangements, we provide guarantees of credit performance included on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets measured at fair value that are based on a discounted cash flow model
13
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
using Level 3 inputs, including estimated customer default rates and credit worthiness, dilutions and recoveries. See
Note 5 – Sales of Certain Receivables
for further information.
Note 5 – Sales of Certain Receivables
We regularly enter into transactions to sell certain service accounts receivable and EIP receivables. The transactions, including our continuing involvement with the sold receivables and the respective impacts to our condensed consolidated financial statements, are described below.
Sales of EIP Receivables
Overview of the Transaction
In 2015, we entered into an arrangement to sell certain EIP receivables on a revolving basis (the “EIP Sale Arrangement”), which has been revised and extended from time to time. As of both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, the EIP Sale Arrangement provided funding of $
1.3
billion.
In connection with this EIP Sale Arrangement, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity (the “EIP BRE”). We consolidate the EIP BRE under the VIE model.
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and classification of liabilities, which consist of the recourse guarantee, included on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets with respect to the EIP BRE:
Sales of Service Accounts Receivable
Overview of the Transaction
In 2014, we entered into an arrangement to sell certain service accounts receivable on a revolving basis (the “Service Receivable Sale Arrangement”). On February 25, 2025, we extended the scheduled expiration date of the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement to February 24, 2026. As of both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement provided funding of $
775
million.
In connection with the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity, to sell service accounts receivable (the “Service BRE”). We consolidate the Service BRE under the VIE model.
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and classification of liabilities included on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets with respect to the Service BRE:
Sales of Receivables
On October 22, 2024, we executed an amendment to the EIP Sale Arrangement and an amendment to the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement (together, the “Pledge Amendments”). Prior to the effective date of the Pledge Amendments, the credit enhancement feature of each of the EIP Sale Arrangement and the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement was in the form of a deferred purchase price. Pursuant to the Pledge Amendments, effective on November 1, 2024, the credit enhancement feature of each arrangement is replaced by a recourse guarantee liability, which is collateralized by pledged but