PRSUs to eligible key executives. RSUs entitle the grantee to receive shares of our common stock upon vesting (with vesting generally occurring annually over a
three-year
service period), subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date. PRSUs entitle the holder to receive shares of our common stock at the end of a performance period of generally up to
three years
, if the applicable performance goals are achieved, and generally subject to continued service through the applicable performance period. The number of shares ultimately received by the holder of PRSUs is dependent on our business performance against the specified performance goal(s) over a pre-established performance period. We also maintain an employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”), under which eligible employees can purchase our common stock at a discounted price.
Stock-based compensation expense and related income tax benefits were as follows:
94
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Stock Awards
The following activity occurred under the Incentive Plans during the year ended December 31, 2024:
Time-Based Restricted Stock Units
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units
(1)
Represents PRSUs granted prior to 2024 for which the performance achievement period was completed in 2024, resulting in incremental unit awards. These PRSU awards are also included in the amount vested in 2024.
PRSUs included in the table above are shown at target. Share payout can range from
0
% to
200
% based on different performance outcomes. Weighted-average grant date fair value of RSU and PRSU awards assumed through acquisition is based on the fair value on the date assumed.
Payment of the underlying shares in connection with the vesting of RSU and PRSU awards generally triggers a tax obligation for the employee, which is required to be remitted to the relevant tax authorities. With respect to RSUs and PRSUs settled in shares, we have agreed to withhold shares of common stock otherwise issuable under the RSU and PRSU awards to cover certain of these tax obligations, with the net shares issued to the employee accounted for as outstanding common stock. We withheld
1,552,111
,
2,027,800
and
1,900,710
shares of common stock to cover tax obligations associated with the payment of shares upon vesting of stock awards and remitted cash of $
269
million, $
297
million and $
243
million to the appropriate tax authorities for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Our ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute up to
15
% of their eligible earnings toward the semi-annual purchase of our shares of common stock at a discounted price, subject to an annual maximum dollar amount. Employees can purchase stock at a
15
% discount applied to the closing stock price on the first or last day of the
six-month
offering period, whichever price is lower. The number of shares issued under our ESPP was
1,519,242
,
1,771,475
and
2,079,086
for the