Northern District of Illinois,
Dale et al. v. Deutsche Telekom AG, et al.
, Case No. 1:22-cv-03189, against DT, T-Mobile, and SoftBank, alleging that the Merger violated the antitrust laws and harmed competition in the U.S. retail cell service market. Plaintiffs seek injunctive relief and trebled monetary damages on behalf of a purported class of AT&T and Verizon customers whom plaintiffs allege paid artificially inflated prices due to the Merger. We are vigorously defending this lawsuit, but we are unable to predict the potential outcome.
105
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
On January 5, 2023, we identified that a bad actor was obtaining data through a single Application Programming Interface (“API”) without authorization. Based on our investigation, the impacted API is only able to provide a limited set of customer account data, including name, billing address, email, phone number, date of birth, T-Mobile account number and information, such as the number of lines on the account and plan features. The result from our investigation indicates that the bad actor(s) obtained data from this API for approximately
37
million current postpaid and prepaid customer accounts, though many of these accounts did not include the full data set. We believe that the bad actor first retrieved data through the impacted API starting on or around November 25, 2022. We have notified individuals whose information was impacted consistent with state and federal requirements.
In connection with the January 2023 cyberattack, we became subject to consumer class actions and regulatory inquiries, to which we will continue to respond in due course and may incur significant expenses. However, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these potential matters or whether we may be subject to additional legal proceedings, claims, regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions. In addition, we are unable to predict the full impact of this incident on customer behavior in the future, including whether a change in our customers’ behavior could negatively impact our results of operations on an ongoing basis, although we presently do not expect that it will have a material effect on our operations.
Note 19 – Restructuring Costs
Merger Restructuring Initiatives
Upon closing the Merger in April 2020, we began implementing restructuring initiatives to realize cost efficiencies and reduce redundancies. The major activities associated with the Merger restructuring initiatives included contract termination costs associated with the rationalization of retail stores, distribution channels, duplicative network and backhaul services and other agreements, severance costs associated with the integration of redundant processes and functions and the decommissioning of certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems to achieve Merger synergies in network costs.
As of June 30, 2024, we have incurred substantially all restructuring and integration