third parties, including potential litigation arising from our use of AI. If successful, these litigations could result in an award of financial compensation, including damages or royalties, business disruptions, reputational harm, or an order requiring that we cease offering, selling, and using the relevant products, equipment, services, and network functions. Defending against such litigation is not only costly and time-consuming, but it may also be disruptive to our business operations and divert resources and attention. Furthermore, the outcomes of these litigations are inherently uncertain.
Our suppliers and vendors also have and will continue to face intellectual property litigation related to the technology used in the products, equipment, and services they provide to us. If successful, such litigation against our suppliers and vendors might impact their ability to continue to provide the relevant products, equipment, and services to us.
We offer regulated financial services products. These products expose us to a wide variety of state and federal regulations.
The financing of devices, such as through our EIP, impact our regulatory compliance obligations. Failure to remain compliant with applicable regulations may increase our risk exposure in the following areas:
•
consumer complaints and potential examinations or enforcement actions by federal and state regulatory agencies, including, but not limited to, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, state attorneys general, the FCC and the FTC; and
•
regulatory fines, penalties, enforcement actions, civil litigation, and/or class action lawsuits. Failure to comply with applicable regulations and the realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
21
Table of Contents
Our business may be impacted by new or amended tax laws or regulations or administrative interpretations and judicial decisions affecting the scope or application of tax laws or regulations.
In connection with the products and services we sell, we calculate, collect, and remit various federal, state, and local taxes, fees and regulatory charges (“tax” or “taxes”) to numerous federal, state and local governmental authorities, including federal and state USF contributions and common carrier regulatory charges and public safety fees. As many of our service plans offer taxes and fees inclusive, our business results could be adversely impacted by increases in taxes and fees. In addition, we incur and pay state and local transaction taxes and fees on purchases of goods and services used in our business.
Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the laws are issued or applied. In many cases, the application of existing, newly enacted or amended tax laws may be uncertain and subject to different interpretations, especially when evaluated against new technologies and telecommunications services, such as