Generally, we elected the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components in arrangements. We did not elect the short-term lease recognition exemption; as such, leases with terms shorter than 12 months are included as a right-of-use asset and lease liability.
Rental revenues and expenses associated with co-location tower sites are presented on a net basis under Topic 842. See
Note 1
7
– Leases
for further information.
Cell Tower Monetization Transactions
In 2012, we entered into a prepaid master lease arrangement in which we as the lessor provided the rights to utilize tower sites and we leased back space on certain of those towers.
Prior to our merger (the “Merger”) with Sprint Corporation (“Sprint”), Sprint entered into a similar lease-out and leaseback arrangement that we assumed in the Merger.
These arrangements are treated as failed sale leasebacks in which the proceeds received are reported as a financing obligation. The principal payments on the tower obligations are included in Other, net within Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Our historical tower site asset costs are reported in Property and equipment, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and are depreciated.
See
Note
10
– Tower Obligations
for further information.
Sprint Retirement Pension Plan
We provide the Sprint Retirement Pension Plan (the “Pension Plan”), which is a defined benefit pension plan providing postretirement benefits to certain employees. As of December 31, 2005, the Pension Plan was amended to freeze benefit plan accruals for participants.
68
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The investments in the Pension Plan are measured at fair value on a recurring basis each quarter using quoted market prices or the net asset value per share as a practical expedient. The projected benefit obligations associated with the Pension Plan are determined based on actuarial models utilizing mortality tables and discount rates applied to the expected benefit term.
See
Note 1
3
– Employee Compensation and Benefit Plans
for further information on the Pension Plan.
Advertising Expense
We expense the cost of advertising and other promotional expenditures to market our services and products as incurred.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, advertising expenses included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were $
3.1
billion, $
2.5
billion and $
2.3
billion, respectively.
Income Taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences between the consolidated financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when these differences are realized. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of a deferred