the exclusive right to utilize designated radio frequency spectrum within specific geographic service areas to provide wireless communications services. Spectrum licenses are issued for a fixed period of time, typically up to
15
years; however, the FCC has granted license renewals routinely and at a nominal cost. The spectrum licenses acquired expire at various dates and we believe we will be able to meet all requirements necessary to secure renewal of our spectrum licenses at a nominal cost. Moreover, we determined that there are currently no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the useful lives of our spectrum licenses. The utility of radio frequency spectrum does not diminish while activated on our network nor does it otherwise deteriorate over time. Therefore, we determined the spectrum licenses should be treated as indefinite-lived intangible assets.
At times, we enter into agreements to sell or exchange spectrum licenses. Upon entering into a sale or exchange arrangement, if the transaction has been deemed to have commercial substance and the spectrum licenses meet the held for sale criteria, the licenses are classified as held for sale at their carrying value, as adjusted for any impairment recognized, included in Other current assets or Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets until approval and completion of the sale or an exchange. Upon closing of the transaction, spectrum licenses acquired as part of an exchange of nonmonetary assets are recorded at fair value and the difference between the fair value of the spectrum licenses obtained, carrying value of the spectrum licenses transferred and cash paid, if any, is recognized as a gain or loss on disposal of spectrum licenses included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Our fair value estimates of spectrum licenses are based on information for which there is little or no observable market data. If the transaction lacks commercial substance or the fair value is not measurable, the acquired spectrum licenses are recorded at our carrying value of the spectrum assets transferred or exchanged.
We have lease agreements (the “Agreements”) with various educational and non-profit institutions that provide us with the right to use Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) spectrum licenses (known as “Educational Broadband Services” or “EBS” spectrum) in the 2.5 GHz band. The Agreements are typically for terms of
five
to
10
years with automatic renewal provisions, bringing the total term of the Agreements up to
30
years. A majority of the Agreements include a right of first refusal to acquire, lease or otherwise use the license at the end of the automatic renewal periods.
Leased FCC spectrum licenses are recorded as executory contracts, and contractual lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the arrangement, including renewals, and are