presented in Cost of services on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
The spectrum licenses we hold plus the spectrum leases enhance the overall value of our spectrum licenses as the collective value is higher than the value of individual bands of spectrum within a specific geography. This value is derived from the ability to provide wireless service to customers across large geographic areas and maintain the same or similar wireless connectivity quality. This enhanced value from combining owned and leased spectrum licenses is referred to as an aggregation premium.
The aggregation premium is a component of the overall fair value of our owned FCC spectrum licenses.
Impairment
We assess the carrying value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as our spectrum license portfolio, for potential impairment annually as of December 31 or more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate such assets might be impaired.
We test goodwill on a reporting unit basis by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its book value. If the fair value exceeds the book value, then no impairment is measured. As of December 31, 2024, we have identified
one
reporting unit: wireless. The wireless reporting unit consists of all the assets and liabilities of T-Mobile US, Inc.
63
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
When assessing goodwill for impairment we may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. If we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative test. We recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We employ a qualitative approach to assess the wireless reporting unit. The fair value of the wireless reporting unit is determined using a market approach, which is based on market capitalization. We recognize that market capitalization is subject to volatility and will monitor changes in market capitalization to determine whether declines, if any, necessitate an interim impairment review. In the event market capitalization does decline below its book value, we will consider the length, severity and reasons for the decline when assessing whether potential impairment exists, including considering whether a control premium should be added to the market capitalization. We believe short-term fluctuations in share price may not necessarily reflect the underlying aggregate fair value. No events or change in circumstances have occurred that indicate the fair value of the wireless reporting unit may be below its carrying amount at December 31, 2024.
We test our spectrum licenses