as well as funding of the joint venture. We do not anticipate making further capital contributions following the closing under the existing business plan.
For more information regarding the Metronet joint venture, see
Note 3 – Joint Ventures
of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Acquisition of Vistar Media Inc.
Upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, on February 3, 2025, we completed the Vistar Acquisition, and as a result, Vistar became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile. In exchange, T-Mobile transferred cash of $621 million.
For more information regarding the Vistar Acquisition, see
Note 2 – Business Combinations
of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Acquisition of Blis Holdco Limited
Upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, on March 3, 2025, we completed the Blis Acquisition, and as a result, Blis became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile. In exchange, T-Mobile transferred cash of $180 million.
48
Table of Contents
For more information regarding the Blis Acquisition, see
Note 2 – Business Combinations
of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have arrangements, as amended from time to time, to sell certain EIP accounts receivable and service accounts receivable on a revolving basis as a source of liquidity. As of March 31, 2025, we derecognized net receivables of $1.6 billion upon sale through these arrangements.
For more information regarding these off-balance sheet arrangements, see
Note 5 – Sales of Certain Receivables
of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity
We may seek additional sources of liquidity, including through the issuance of additional debt, to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses or other long-lived assets in private party transactions, make strategic investments, repurchase shares, pay dividends or for the refinancing of existing long-term debt on an opportunistic basis. Excluding liquidity that could be needed for acquisitions of businesses, spectrum and other long-lived assets, or for any potential stockholder returns, we expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity needs for business operations for the next 12 months, as well as our longer-term liquidity needs. Our intended use of any such funds is for general corporate purposes, including for capital expenditures, spectrum purchases, opportunistic investments and acquisitions, redemption of debt, tower obligations, share repurchases, and dividend payments.
We determine future liquidity requirements for operations, capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividend payments based in large part upon projected financial and operating performance, and opportunities to acquire additional