financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results;
•
Context to the consolidated financial statements; and
•
Information that allows assessment of the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance.
Our MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read together with, our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, included in
Part II, Item 8
of this Form 10-K. Except as expressly stated, the financial condition and results of operations discussed throughout our MD&A are those of T-Mobile US, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Merger-Related Costs
Merger-related costs associated with our Merger with Sprint generally include:
•
Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology and back office operations, migrate customers to the T-Mobile network and billing systems and the impact of legal matters assumed as part of the Merger;
•
Restructuring costs, including severance, store rationalization and network decommissioning; and
•
Transaction costs, including legal and professional services related to the completion of the transactions.
Merger-related costs have been excluded from our calculations of Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures, as we do not consider these costs to be reflective of our ongoing operating performance. See “Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA” in the “
Performance Measures
” section of this MD&A. Net cash payments for Merger-related costs, including payments related to our restructuring plan, are included in Net cash provided by operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and our calculation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized a gain for the $100 million extension fee previously paid by DISH associated with the DISH License Purchase Agreement as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The gain was presented as a reduction in Merger-related costs and excluded from our calculations of Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA. See
Note
7
– Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.
As of June 30, 2024, we have incurred substantially all restructuring and integration costs associated with the Merger and, accordingly, no longer separately disclose Merger-related costs. The cash payments for the Merger-related costs incurred extend beyond 2024. Cash payments extending beyond 2024 primarily relate to operating and financing leases for which we have recognized accelerated lease expense. See
Note
19
– Restructuring Costs
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.
Merger-related