short-term maturities of these instruments. The carrying values of EIP receivables approximate fair value as the receivables are recorded at their present value using an imputed interest rate.
Derivative Financial Instruments
We use derivatives to manage exposure to market risk, such as exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We designate certain derivatives as hedging instruments in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship to mitigate fluctuations in values or cash flows related to such risks caused by foreign currency or interest rate volatility. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.
Cash flows associated with qualifying hedge derivative instruments are presented in the same category on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as the item being hedged. For fair value hedges, other than foreign currency hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative instruments is recognized in earnings through the same income statement line item as the change in the fair value of the hedged item. For cash flow hedges, as well as fair value foreign currency hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative instruments is reported in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and recognized in earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings, again, through the same income statement line item.
We record derivatives on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value that is derived primarily from observable market data, including exchange rates, interest rates and forward curves. These market inputs are utilized in the discounted cash flow calculation considering the instrument's term, notional amount, discount rate and credit risk. Significant inputs to derivative valuations are generally observable in active markets and, as such, are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
Cross-Currency Swaps
We enter into cross-currency swaps to offset changes in value of our payments on foreign-denominated debt in USD and to mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains and losses.
On April 30, 2024, we entered into cross-currency swap agreements, with the same notional amounts as the EUR-denominated debt issuance on May 8, 2024, to effectively convert €
2.0
billion to USD borrowings, with the same maturities of
five
,
eight
and
12
years. The swaps qualify and have been designated as fair value hedges of our EUR-denominated debt, mitigating our exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses.
Accordingly, all changes in the fair value of the swaps will be initially recorded through Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified to earnings in an amount that exactly offsets the periodic transaction gain or loss on remeasuring the debt, such that there will be no earnings volatility due to changes in foreign-currency exchange rates. Transaction gains or losses on remeasuring the EUR-denominated debt, as well as the offsetting