tranche of $
604
million will close in the second quarter of 2025.
The parties have agreed that each of the closings will occur within
180
days after the receipt of the applicable required regulatory approvals, and payment of each portion of the aggregate $
3.5
billion purchase price will occur no later than
40
days after the date of each respective closing.
Comcast Corporation
On September 12, 2023, we entered into a License Purchase Agreement (the “Comcast License Purchase Agreement”) with Comcast Corporation and its affiliate, Comcast OTR1, LLC (together with Comcast Corporation, “Comcast”), pursuant to which we will acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Comcast in exchange for total cash consideration of between $
1.2
billion and $
3.3
billion, subject to an application for FCC approval. The licenses will be acquired without any associated networks. We anticipate the closing will occur in the first half of 2028.
The final purchase price will be determined, in the aggregate and on a per license basis, based on the set of licenses subject to the Comcast License Purchase Agreement at the time the parties make required transfer filings with the FCC. Prior to the time of such filings, Comcast has the right to remove any or all of a certain specified subset of the licenses, totaling $
2.1
billion (the “Optional Sale Licenses”), from the Comcast License Purchase Agreement. The removal of any Optional Sale Licenses would reduce the final purchase price by the assigned value of each such license, from the maximum purchase price of $
3.3
billion.
16
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
The licenses are subject to an exclusive leasing arrangement between us and Comcast, which was entered into contemporaneously with the Comcast License Purchase Agreement. If Comcast elects to remove an Optional Sale License from the Comcast License Purchase Agreement, the associated lease for such Optional Sale License will terminate, but no sooner than
two years
from the date of the Comcast License Purchase Agreement (with us having a minimum period of time after any such termination to cease transmitting on such license’s associated spectrum).
On January 13, 2025, we and Comcast entered into an amendment to the Comcast License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we will acquire additional spectrum. Subsequent to the amendment, the total cash consideration for the transaction is between $
1.2
billion and $
3.4
billion.
N77 License Co LLC
On September 10, 2024, we entered into a License Purchase Agreement with N77 License Co LLC (“Buyer”), pursuant to which Buyer has the option to purchase all or a portion of our remaining 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses in exchange for a range of cash consideration, with the specific licenses sold to be determined based upon the amount of committed financing raised by Buyer. As of March 31, 2025, $
1.8
billion of the associated licenses have been classified as held for sale at cost and presented in Other