capacity is available. Other commitments relate to national security, pricing, service, employment and support of diversity initiatives. Many of the commitments specify time frames for compliance and reporting. Failure to fulfill our obligations and commitments in a timely manner could result in substantial fines, penalties, or other legal and administrative actions.
103
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Contingencies and Litigation
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
We are involved in various lawsuits and disputes, claims, government agency investigations and enforcement actions, and other proceedings (“Litigation and Regulatory Matters”) that arise in the ordinary course of business, which include claims of patent infringement (most of which are asserted by non-practicing entities primarily seeking monetary damages), class actions, and proceedings to enforce FCC or other government agency rules and regulations. Those Litigation and Regulatory Matters are at various stages, and some of them may proceed to trial, arbitration, hearing, or other adjudication that could result in fines, penalties, or awards of monetary or injunctive relief in the coming 12 months if they are not otherwise resolved. We have established an accrual with respect to certain of these matters, where appropriate. The accruals are reflected on our consolidated financial statements, but they are not considered to be, individually or in the aggregate, material. An accrual is established when we believe it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and an amount can be reasonably estimated. For other matters, where we have not determined that a loss is probable or because the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, we have not recorded an accrual due to various factors typical in contested proceedings, including, but not limited to, uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution by courts or regulators, uncertain damage theories and demands, and a less than fully developed factual record. For Litigation and Regulatory Matters that may result in a contingent gain, we recognize such gains on our consolidated financial statements when the gain is realized or realizable. We recognize legal costs expected to be incurred in connection with Litigation and Regulatory Matters as they are incurred. Except as otherwise specified below, we do not expect that the ultimate resolution of these Litigation and Regulatory Matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, but we note that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the specific matters identified below, or other matters that we are or may become involved in could have a material adverse impact on results of operations or cash flows for a particular period. This assessment is based on our current understanding of relevant facts and circumstances. As such, our view of these matters is subject to inherent uncertainties and may change in