Yet Adopted
For information regarding recently issued accounting standards, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
51
Table of Contents
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to economic risks in the normal course of business, primarily from changes in interest rates, including changes in investment yields and changes in spreads due to credit risk and other factors. These risks, along with other business risks, impact our cost of capital. Our policy is to manage exposure related to fluctuations in interest rates in order to manage capital costs, control financial risks and maintain financial flexibility over the long term. We have established interest rate risk limits that are closely monitored by measuring interest rate sensitivities of our debt portfolio. As of December 31, 2024, we held €2.0 billion in EUR-denominated Senior Notes, which are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have entered into cross-currency swap agreements that qualify and have been designated as fair value hedges of our EUR-denominated debt, mitigating our exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses. We do not foresee significant changes in the strategies used to manage market risk in the near future.
Certain potential sources of financing available to us, including our Revolving Credit Facility, bear interest that is indexed to a benchmark rate plus a fixed margin. As of December 31, 2024, we did not have outstanding balances under these facilities. See
Note
9
– Debt
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
52
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Item 8. Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of T-Mobile US, Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of T-Mobile US, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with