unable to identify vulnerabilities in a timely manner, or to apply patches or compensating measures that address such vulnerabilities, before bad actors can exploit them. The exploitation of a security vulnerability before patches or measures are applied could materially compromise Confidential Information and Systems.
In addition, we routinely rely upon third-party providers whose products and services are used in our business. These third-party providers have experienced, and will continue to experience cyberattacks that involve attempts to expose our Confidential Information and/or to create operational risk that could materially and adversely affect our business, and these providers also face other security challenges common to all parties that collect and process information. Additionally, our Systems include components from third parties or fourth parties we do not control and may have compromises, defects, flaws, or design errors unknown to us.
13
Table of Contents
As a result of the previously disclosed cyberattacks in August 2021 and January 2023, we incurred significant costs in connection with, among other things, responding to and resolving mass arbitration claims, multiple class action lawsuits and an FCC investigation. For more information on the foregoing, see “– Contingencies and Litigation – Litigation and Regulatory Matters” in
Note 1
8
– Commitments and Contingencies
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
In addition to the August 2021 cyberattack and the January 2023 cyberattack, we have experienced unrelated non-material incidents involving unauthorized access to certain Confidential Information and Systems. Typically, these incidents have involved attempts to commit fraud by taking control of a customer’s phone line, often by exploiting insider access or using compromised credentials. In other cases, the incidents have involved unauthorized access to certain of our customers’ private information, including payment information, financial data, social security numbers or passwords, and our intellectual property. Some of these incidents have occurred at third-party providers, including third parties who provide us with various Systems and others who sell our products and services through retail locations or take care of our customers.
In November 2024, it was publicly reported that a nation-state actor called “Salt Typhoon” successfully infiltrated the telecommunications networks of certain of our competitors to obtain information on their customers. While we have no evidence that any of our Systems or Confidential Information were impacted in any significant way, we may face similar attempts in the future.
Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to Confidential Information and to defend against cyberattacks seeking to disrupt our operations must be continually evaluated and enhanced to address the ever-evolving threat landscape and changing cybersecurity regulations, including while we