revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking environmental sustainability related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing and internal controls and processes that continue to evolve. These initiatives are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including regarding the evolving nature of data availability, quality, and assessment; related methodological concerns; our ability to implement various initiatives under expected timeframes, cost, and complexity; our dependency on third parties to provide certain information and to comply with applicable laws and policies; and other unforeseen events or conditions. For example, we note that standards and expectations regarding greenhouse gas (“GHG”) accounting and the processes for measuring and counting GHG emissions and GHG emission reductions are evolving, and it is possible that our approaches both to measuring our emissions and to reducing emissions and measuring those reductions may be, either currently by some stakeholders or at some point in the future, considered inconsistent with common or best practices with respect to measuring and accounting for such matters, and reducing overall emissions. These factors, as well as others, may cause results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Additionally, we may provide information that is not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes but that is informed by various other standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data), internal controls, and assumptions or third-party information that are still evolving and subject to change. Our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable governmental policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control.
Investors and others should note that we announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://investor.t-mobile.com), newsroom website (https://t-mobile.com/news), press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts.
We intend to also use certain social media accounts as means of disclosing information about us and our services and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD (the @TMobileIR X account (https://x.com/TMobileIR), the @MikeSievert X account (https://x.com/MikeSievert) and our Chief Executive Officer’s LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/in/sievert), both of which Mr. Sievert also uses as a means for personal communications and observations, and the @TMobileCFO X account (https://x.com/tmobilecfo) and our Chief Financial Officer’s LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-osvaldik-3887394), both of which Mr.