RIF Order and be preempted. In the meantime, the FCC sought to repeal the RIF Order through its adoption of the 2024 Open Internet Order, though the latter was struck down by a federal court of appeals in January 2025.
While most states pursuing net neutrality legislation sought to codify the federal rules repealed by the RIF Order, there are differences in some states. For example, California has passed separate privacy and net neutrality legislation, while many others have passed privacy laws, and New York has passed a broadband rate-setting law. There are also efforts within Congress to pass federal legislation to codify uniform federal privacy and net neutrality requirements. Ensuring the preemption of separate state requirements, including the California laws, is critical to this effort. If not preempted or rescinded, separate state requirements will impose significant business costs and could also result in increased litigation costs and enforcement risks. A number of states also subject wireless service providers to registration requirements. State authority over wireless broadband services will likely remain unsettled unless resolved by the courts, the FCC or Congress.
In addition, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and other federal agencies have jurisdiction over some consumer protection matters and the elimination and prevention of anticompetitive business practices with respect to the provision of non-common carrier services. Further, the FCC and the Federal Aviation Administration regulate the siting, lighting and construction of transmitter towers and antennae. Tower siting and construction are also subject to state and local zoning, as well as federal statutes regarding environmental and historic preservation. The future costs to comply with all relevant regulations are, to some extent, unknown, and changes to regulations, or the applicability of regulations, could result in higher operating and capital expenses, or reduced revenues in the future.
Available Information
The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) are also publicly available free of charge on the investor relations section of our website at investor.t-mobile.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our corporate governance guidelines, director selection guideline, code of ethics for senior financial officers, code of business conduct, speak up policy, supplier code of conduct, and charters for the audit, compensation, nominating and corporate governance, and executive committees of our Board of Directors are also posted on the