and prepaid service revenues also include revenues earned for providing premium services to customers, such as device insurance services. Revenue generated from the lease of mobile communication devices is included in Equipment revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Contract Balances
The contract asset and contract liability balances from contracts with customers as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, were as follows:
Contract assets primarily represent revenue recognized for equipment sales with promotional bill credits offered to customers that are paid over time and are contingent on the customer maintaining a service contract.
The change in the contract asset balance reflects customer activity related to new promotions, offset by billings on existing contracts and impairment, which is recognized as bad debt expense. The current portion of our contract assets of $
492
million and $
495
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, was included in Other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Contract liabilities are recorded when fees are collected, or we have an unconditional right to consideration (a receivable) in advance of delivery of goods or services. Changes in contract liabilities are primarily related to the activity of prepaid customers, including customers acquired through the Ka’ena Acquisition. Contract liabilities are primarily included in Deferred revenue
on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
92
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, include the following:
Remaining Performance Obligations
As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining service performance obligations for postpaid contracts with subsidized devices and promotional bill credits that result in an extended service contract is $
1.5
billion. We expect to recognize revenue as the service is provided on these postpaid contracts over an extended contract term of
24
months from the time of origination.
Information about remaining performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less has been excluded from the above, which primarily consists of monthly service contracts.
Certain of our wholesale, roaming and service contracts include variable consideration based on usage and performance. This variable consideration has been excluded from the disclosure of remaining performance obligations. As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of the contractual minimum consideration for wholesale, roaming and service contracts is $
1.4
billion, $
1.4
billion and $
1.7
billion for 2025, 2026 and 2027 and beyond, respectively. These contracts have a remaining duration ranging from less than
one year
to
seven years
.
Contract Costs
The balance of deferred incremental costs to obtain contracts with customers was $
2.0
billion and $
2.1
billion for December 31,