expected to have on our liquidity and capital requirements in future periods:
(1)
Represents principal amounts of long-term debt to affiliates and third parties at maturity, excluding unamortized premiums, discounts, debt issuance costs, consent fees, and financing lease obligations. See
Note
9
– Debt
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
(2)
Future minimum payments, including principal and interest payments, related to the tower obligations. See
Note
10
– Tower Obligations
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
(3)
The minimum commitment for certain obligations is based on termination penalties that could be paid to exit the contracts. Termination penalties are included in the above table as payments due as of the earliest we could exit the contract, typically in less than one year. For certain contracts that include fixed volume purchase commitments and fixed prices for various products, the purchase obligations are calculated using fixed volumes and contractually fixed prices for the products that are expected to be purchased. This table does not include open purchase orders as of December 31, 2024 under normal business purposes. See
Note 1
8
– Commitments and Contingencies
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
(4)
On August 8, 2022, we entered into License Purchase Agreements to acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC in exchange for total cash consideration of $3.5 billion. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining deferred licenses from the second tranche of $604 million are subject to regulatory approval and are excluded from our reported purchase commitments above. On September 12, 2023, we entered into a License Purchase Agreement to acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Comcast in exchange for total cash consideration of between $1.2 billion and $3.3 billion. On January 13, 2025, we and Comcast entered into an amendment to the License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we will acquire additional spectrum. Subsequent to the amendment, the total cash consideration for the transaction is between $1.2 billion and $3.4 billion. The agreement, as amended, remains subject to an application for FCC approval. Total consideration for this License Purchase Agreement is excluded from our reported purchase obligations above. See
Note 7 – Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
(5)
On May 1, 2024, we completed the Ka’ena Acquisition and based on the amount of the adjusted upfront payment, up to an additional $420 million in future cash and T-Mobile common stock is payable in satisfaction of the earnout and is excluded from our reported purchase commitments above. Additionally, on May 24, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with UScellular for an aggregate