ABS BRE holds a residual interest. Each of the ABS Entities meet the definition of a VIE for which we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary, as we have the power to direct the activities of the ABS Entities that most significantly impact their performance. Accordingly, we include the balances and results of operations of the ABS Entities in our condensed consolidated financial statements.
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and classification of assets and liabilities included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets with respect to the ABS Entities:
See
Note 4 – Receivables and Related Allowance for Credit Losses
for additional information on the EIP receivables used to secure the ABS Notes.
21
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Restricted Cash
Certain provisions of our debt agreements require us to maintain specified cash collateral balances. Amounts associated with these balances are considered to be restricted cash. See
Note 1
5
– Additional Financial Information
for our reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash.
ECA Facility
On January 31, 2025, our wholly owned subsidiary, T-Mobile USA, Inc., entered into a credit agreement with certain financial institutions, backed by an Export Credit Agency (the “ECA Facility”), providing for a loan of up to $
1.0
billion to finance network equipment-related purchases. The obligations under the ECA Facility are also guaranteed by us and by all of our wholly owned domestic restricted subsidiaries (subject to customary exceptions). On March 17, 2025, we drew down the full $
1.0
billion available under the ECA Facility and recognized the net proceeds within Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Borrowings under the ECA facility are amortized semi-annually in equal installments up to the maturity date of March 15, 2036. Interest is based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate for the interest period plus an applicable margin.
Note 9 – Tower Obligations
Existing CCI Tower Lease Arrangements
In 2012, we conveyed to Crown Castle International Corp. (“CCI”) the exclusive right to manage and operate approximately
6,200
tower sites (“CCI Lease Sites”) via a master prepaid lease with site lease terms ranging from
23
to
37
years. CCI has fixed-price purchase options for the CCI Lease Sites totaling approximately $
2.0
billion, exercisable annually on a per-tranche basis at the end of the lease term during the period from December 31, 2035, through December 31, 2049. If CCI exercises its purchase option for any tranche, it must purchase all the towers in the tranche. We lease back a portion of the space at certain tower sites.
Assets and liabilities associated with the operation of the tower sites were transferred to special purpose entities (“SPEs”). Assets included ground lease agreements or deeds for the land on which the towers are situated, the towers