investor relations section of our website at investor.t-mobile.com. The information on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating T-Mobile. Our business, financial condition, liquidity, or operating results, as well as the price of our common stock and other securities, could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks.
Risks Related to Our Business
We operate in a highly competitive industry. If we are unable to attract and retain customers, our business, financial condition, and operating results would be negatively affected.
The wireless communications services industry is highly competitive. As the industry reaches saturation, competition in all market segments, including prepaid, postpaid, enterprise and government customers will likely further intensify, putting pressure on pricing and/or margins for us and all our competitors. Our ability to attract and retain customers will depend on multiple factors, such as network quality and capacity, customer service excellence, effective marketing strategies, competitive pricing, compelling value propositions, and distribution and logistics capabilities. Additionally, targeted marketing approaches for diverse customer segments, coupled with continuous innovation in products and services, are essential for retaining and
12
Table of Contents
expanding our customer base. If we are unable to successfully differentiate our services from our competitors, it would adversely affect our competitive position and ability to grow our business.
We have seen and expect to continue to see intense competition in all market segments from traditional Mobile Network Operators (“MNOs”), such as AT&T and Verizon, who have each invested heavily in spectrum, their wireless networks, and services and device promotions, and DISH, as it continues to build out its wireless network and roll out services. Numerous other regional MNOs and MVNOs offering wireless services may also compete with us in some markets, including cable providers, such as Comcast, Charter, Cox, and Altice, as they continue to diversify their offerings to include wireless services offered under MVNO agreements. As new products and services emerge, we may also be forced to compete against non-traditional competitors from outside of the wireless communications services industry, such as satellite providers, offering similar connectivity services using alternative technologies.
In the market for broadband services, traditional cable providers, AT&T, Verizon, and other players such as satellite and fiber providers, all compete for customers. To complement our fixed wireless service, we have agreed to enter into joint venture agreements aimed at establishing a robust fiber wireline network in certain geographic regions that we believe will