portfolio segment (i.e., accounts receivable and EIP receivable portfolio segments) as of period end. Each portfolio segment is comprised of pools of receivables that are evaluated collectively based on similar risk characteristics. Our allowance levels consider estimated credit risk over the contractual life of the receivables and are influenced by receivable volumes, receivable delinquency status, historical loss experience and other conditions that affect loss expectations, such as changes in credit and collections policies and forecasts of macroeconomic conditions. While we attribute portions of the allowance to our respective portfolio segments, the entire allowance is available to credit losses related to the total receivable portfolio.
We consider a receivable past due and delinquent when a customer has not paid us by the contractually specified payment due date. Account balances are written off against the allowance for credit losses if collection efforts are unsuccessful and the receivable balance is deemed uncollectible (customer default), based on factors such as customer credit ratings as well as the length of time the amounts are past due.
If there is a deterioration of our customers’ financial condition or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, we will adjust our allowance for credit losses accordingly.
Inventories
Inventories consist primarily of wireless devices and accessories, which are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using standard cost, which approximates average cost. Shipping and handling costs paid to wireless device and accessories vendors as well as costs to refurbish used devices are included in the standard cost of inventory. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of disposal and transportation. We record inventory write-downs to net realizable value for obsolete and slow-moving items based on inventory turnover trends and historical experience.
Recourse Guarantee Liabilities and Deferred Purchase Price Assets
In connection with the sales of certain service and EIP accounts receivable pursuant to the sale arrangements, we have recourse guarantee liabilities, beginning on November 1, 2024, and deferred purchase price assets, prior to November 1, 2024, measured at fair value that are based on a discounted cash flow model using unobservable Level 3 inputs, including estimated customer default rates and credit worthiness.
See
Note 5 – Sales of Certain Receivables
for further information.
Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets include assets that do not have indefinite lives, such as property and equipment and certain intangible assets.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment consists of buildings and equipment, including certain network server equipment, wireless communications systems, leasehold improvements, capitalized software, leased