these regulations could result in fines, penalties, or restrictions on our use of AI, which could adversely affect our business.
Unfavorable outcomes of legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
We and our affiliates are involved in various disputes, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, investigations and proceedings, mass arbitrations and litigation matters. For more information, see “– Contingencies and Litigation – Litigation and Regulatory Matters” in
Note 18 – Commitments and Contingencies
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
In addition, we, along with equipment manufacturers and other carriers, are subject to current and potential future lawsuits alleging adverse health effects arising from the use of wireless handsets or from wireless transmission equipment such as cell towers. In addition, the FCC has from time to time gathered data regarding wireless device emissions, and its assessment of the risks associated with using wireless devices may evolve based on its findings. Any of these allegations or changes in risk assessments could result in customers purchasing fewer devices and wireless services, could result in significant legal and regulatory liability, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
Such legal proceedings can be complex, costly, and highly disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energy of management and other key personnel. The assessment of the outcome of legal proceedings, including our potential liability, if any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events that are not within our control. The amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or pursuant to final judgment, order or decree may differ materially from amounts accrued in our financial statements. In addition, litigation or similar proceedings could impose restraints on our current or future manner of doing business. Such potential outcomes including judgments, awards, settlements or orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
Our business may be adversely impacted if we are not able to protect our intellectual property rights or if we infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.
We rely on a variety of intellectual property assets, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, and domains, to maintain our competitiveness. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property due to factors such as changes in US intellectual property laws, the value of our intellectual property may become impaired, which may adversely impact our business and financial results.
Additionally, we have faced and will continue to face various litigations alleging that our products or services infringe patents or other intellectual property of