continue delivering differentiated experiences to our customers. Leveraging the latest AI technology and digital capabilities, we are pioneering new approaches to serving customers with a platform to better anticipate and proactively solve their issues, offering personalized self-service options and taking authorized actions on their behalf, while simultaneously creating large-format customer experience stores for customers looking for an immersive experience, and increasing investment in domestic customer care. Our comprehensive T-Life app will further allow us to tap into customer preferences and radically simplify customer experiences in the future.
Our Operations
As of December 31, 2024, we provide wireless communications services to 129.5 million postpaid and prepaid customers and generate revenue by providing affordable wireless communications services to these customers, as well as a wide selection of wireless devices and accessories. We also provide wholesale wireless services to various partners, who then offer the services for sale to their customers. Our most significant expenses relate to operating and expanding our network, providing a full range of devices, acquiring and retaining high-quality customers and compensating employees. We provide services, devices and accessories across our flagship brands, T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Mint Mobile, through our T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile owned and operated retail stores, as well as through our websites (www.t-mobile.com, www.metrobyt-mobile.com and www.mintmobile.com), T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Mint Mobile apps, customer care channels and through national retailers. In addition, we sell devices to dealers and other third-party distributors for resale through independent third-party retail outlets and a variety of third-party websites. The information on our websites is not part of this Form 10-K. See
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
for additional information.
Services and Products
We provide wireless communications services through a variety of service plan options. We also offer for sale to customers a wide selection of wireless devices, including smartphones, wearables, tablets, home broadband routers and other mobile communication devices that are manufactured by various suppliers.
6
Table of Contents
Our most popular service plan offering is Go5G Plus, which includes unlimited talk, text and data on our network, 5G access at no extra cost, scam protection features, access to the same device offers as new customers and more. We also offer an Essentials rate plan for customers who want the basics at a lower price point, specific rate plans to qualifying customers, including Military and Veterans, First Responder and 55+, as well as Go5G and Go5G Next plans to deliver a full suite of plans that provide customers the features that meet their lifestyle and daily needs.
At the time of device purchase, qualified