manage cybersecurity risks. These reports to the NCG Committee typically include information on any significant incidents that have occurred, how they were managed, and any changes to the risk profile of the Company. The NCG Committee seeks updates to facilitate proactive governance and to allow the NCG Committee to address emerging cybersecurity issues with management.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is integral to overseeing the Company’s overall risk management strategies, including cybersecurity risks and disclosures.
To keep the Audit Committee informed, the Chief Audit Executive maintains a direct and open communication channel with the Audit Committee. Regular meetings are held for the Chief Audit Executive to report to the Audit Committee. These include an enterprise-wide risk assessment that highlights cybersecurity risks and cybersecurity risk mitigation actions. Additionally, the Audit Committee receives updates on significant incidents and cybersecurity risks that have been presented to or discussed with the Enterprise Risk & Compliance Committee.
26
Table of Contents
Item 2. Properties
Our properties are best described on a collective basis, as no individual property is material. Our property and equipment consists of the following:
Wireless communications systems primarily consist of assets used to operate our wireless network and information technology data centers, including switching equipment, radio frequency equipment, tower assets, High Speed Internet routers, construction in progress and leasehold improvements related to the wireless network and asset retirement costs.
Land, buildings and building equipment primarily consist of land and land improvements, central office buildings or any other buildings that house network equipment, buildings used for administrative and other purposes, related construction in progress and certain network service equipment.
Data processing equipment and other primarily consist of data processing equipment, office equipment, capitalized software, leased wireless devices, construction in progress and leasehold improvements.
We also lease distributed antenna systems and small cell sites, as well as properties throughout the United States that contain data and switching centers, customer call centers, retail locations, warehouses and administrative spaces.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
For more information regarding the legal proceedings in which we are involved, see
Note 1
8
– Commitments and Contingencies
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
27
Table of Contents
PART II.
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “TMUS.” We are included within the S&P 500 in the Wireless Telecommunication Services GICS (Global Industry Classification Standard) Sub-Industry index.