Executive”), periodically presents enterprise risks, including cybersecurity risks, to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the “Audit Committee”). Our
24
Table of Contents
Chief Compliance Officer regularly attends meetings of the NCG Committee to provide insights from the compliance perspective relating to cybersecurity.
Cyber risk management is a core component of the Company's governance structure. We utilize the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Cybersecurity Framework as a guide in cyber risk management to identify, assess, and assist the CSO in managing cybersecurity risks. Cyber risk management encompasses partnerships among teams that are responsible for cyber governance, prevention, detection, and remediation activities within the Company’s cybersecurity environment. As part of our cyber risk management efforts, we conduct periodic reviews and collaborate with enterprise-wide risk assessments to assess and manage cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity team also provides enterprise-wide cybersecurity training for employees to continuously improve our mitigation against human-driven vulnerabilities.
Our management also conducts a quarterly enterprise-wide risk assessment that considers a wide spectrum of risks facing the Company, including cybersecurity. Through these quarterly risk assessments, management informs the Audit Committee on the cyber risk landscape facing the Company and the Company’s preparedness to manage such risk. The enterprise-wide risk assessment is a top-down risk assessment that leverages the assessments performed by cyber risk management.
Engagement with External Experts
The Company engages top-tier external cyber security firms, as needed, leveraging their expertise as part of our ongoing effort to evaluate and enhance our cybersecurity program. They help with cyber defense capabilities (including staff enhancement of certain functions) and transformation to mitigate associated threats, reduce risk, enhance our cybersecurity posture, and meet the Company's evolving needs.
Oversight of Third-Party Service Providers
Our third-party risk management program includes processes for identifying and managing material cybersecurity risks arising from third-party providers. Our third-party risk management program actively engages with the enterprise-wide risk assessment process and partners with cyber risk management to report relevant risks to the NCG Committee, the Audit Committee and our internal Enterprise Risk & Compliance Committee. Our third-party risk management program includes cybersecurity as an aspect of its risk assessment of third parties with the objective that key risks are identified and addressed. Moreover, the program also considers risks associated with certain fourth parties, entities that are partners or subcontractors of our direct third-party vendors, through assessments carried out by our third-party service providers.
Cybersecurity Incident Impact
As previously disclosed, in