provide services and generate revenues could be harmed by adverse regulatory action or changes to existing laws and regulations. In addition, regulation of companies that offer competing services can impact our business indirectly.
Except for operations in certain unlicensed frequency bands, wireless communications services providers generally must be licensed by the FCC to provide communications services at specified spectrum frequencies within specified geographic areas and must comply with the rules and policies governing the use of the spectrum as adopted by the FCC. The FCC issues each license for a fixed period of time, typically 10-15 years depending on the particular licenses. While the FCC has generally renewed licenses given to operating companies like us, the FCC has authority both to revoke a license for cause and to deny a license renewal if a renewal is not in the public interest. Furthermore, we could be subject to fines, forfeitures and other penalties for failure to comply with FCC regulations, even if any such noncompliance was unintentional. In extreme cases, penalties can include revocation of our licenses. The loss of any licenses, or any related fines or forfeitures, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the FCC retains the right to modify rules related to use of licensed spectrum, which could impact T-Mobile’s ability to provide services.
Additionally, Congress’s and the FCC’s allocation of additional spectrum for broadband commercial mobile radio service (“CMRS”), which includes cellular, PCS and other wireless services, could significantly increase and intensify competition. We cannot assess the impact that any developments that may occur in the U.S. economy or any future spectrum allocations by the FCC may have on license values. FCC spectrum auctions and other market developments may adversely affect the market value of our licenses or our competitive position in the future. A significant decline in the value of our licenses could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the FCC periodically reviews its policies on how to evaluate carriers’ spectrum holdings in the context of spectrum transactions or acquisitions. Most recently, for example, in September 2023, the FCC sought public comment on whether it should initiate a rulemaking proceeding to consider changes to its mobile spectrum rules and policies. A change in these rules and policies could affect our access to additional spectrum resources and competition among us and other carriers.
Congress and the FCC have imposed limitations on foreign ownership of CMRS licensees. Direct foreign ownership in the licensee of more than 20% is prohibited. Indirect foreign ownership of more than 25% through an entity controlling the licensee must be reviewed and approved by the FCC as not inconsistent with the public interest. Consistent with that established policy, the FCC has