each of the EIP Sale Arrangement and the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement was in the form of a deferred purchase price. Pursuant to the Pledge Amendments, effective on November 1, 2024, the credit enhancement feature of each arrangement is replaced by a recourse guarantee liability, which is collateralized by pledged but unsold receivables. On November 1, 2024, we re-recognized $
193
million of gross service accounts receivables and $
604
million of gross EIP receivables.
Prior to the effective date of the Pledge Amendments, cash proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions in the form of the deferred purchase price were presented within Net cash used in investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Following the effective date of the Pledge Amendments, all cash proceeds associated with sold receivables are recognized within Net cash provided by operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The recourse guarantee, and prior to the effective date of the Pledge Amendments, the deferred purchase price, represents a financial instrument that is primarily tied to the creditworthiness of our customers. At inception, we elected to measure the recourse guarantee liabilities at fair value with changes in fair value included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The fair value of the recourse guarantee liabilities is determined based on a discounted cash flow model which uses primarily Level 3 inputs, including customer default rates. As of December 31, 2024, our recourse guarantee liabilities related to the sales of service receivables and EIP receivables was $
148
million, as collateralized by $
286
million of gross service receivables and $
505
million of gross EIP receivables pledged but unsold, which represent our maximum exposure under the recourse guarantee. As of December 31, 2023, our deferred purchase price assets related to the sales of service receivables and EIP receivables was $
658
million.
78
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table summarizes the impact of the sales of certain service receivables and EIP receivables on our Consolidated Balance Sheets:
We recognized losses from sales of receivables, including changes in fair value of the deferred purchase price assets as well as the recourse guarantee liabilities beginning on November 1, 2024, of $
62
million, $
165
million and $
214
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Continuing Involvement
Pursuant to the EIP Sale Arrangement and Service Receivable Sale Arrangement described above, we have continuing involvement with the service accounts receivable and EIP receivables we sell, as we service the receivables, are required to replace certain receivables, including ineligible