Barcelona Polytechnic University, attended the Executive Distribution Academy by INSEAD Business School in Fontainebleau, France, and also completed his post-graduate degree in executive management at IESE Business School in Barcelona, Spain.
As the Company’s CSO, Jeff Simon has extensive experience in risk management and information security, including serving as the Chief Information Security Officer at Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Mr. Simon received his Master of Science in Computer Science, Software Engineering & Artificial Intelligence from the Johns Hopkins Whiting School of Engineering and Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and Applied Economics from Marquette University. Mr. Simon is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional.
Enterprise Risk & Compliance Committee
Our Enterprise Risk & Compliance Committee is comprised of a collective of senior management representatives and subject matter experts from across the Company. The Enterprise Risk & Compliance Committee is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, with the Executive Vice President & General Counsel as the co-chair and comprises core members including the Transformation and Chief Information & Digital Officer, while the CSO serves in an advisory capacity. The purpose of the Enterprise Risk & Compliance Committee is to oversee and govern the Company’s risk management, environmental, social, corporate governance, cybersecurity, and operational compliance activities, as well as provide a means of bringing risk issues to the attention of management. Specific to cybersecurity, the Transformation and Chief Information & Digital Officer and the CSO have the expertise to provide insights into the nature of cyber threats, the Company’s readiness, and actions taken to mitigate such risks.
Disclosure of the Board’s Roles and Responsibilities
Our Board of Directors oversees risks from cybersecurity threats using a multi-faceted approach that involves the NCG Committee and Audit Committee and various executive roles. Additionally, our Transformation and Chief Information & Digital Officer and CSO report on cybersecurity to the full Board.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The NCG Committee oversees risks associated with data privacy and information security, which encompasses cybersecurity. Our CSO and Chief Compliance Officer, among other executives, provide periodic reports to the NCG Committee and also meet with the NCG Committee to discuss any material events when they arise. The periodic reports are designed to keep the NCG Committee abreast of the Company’s cybersecurity practices, risks and trends in cybersecurity threats. The NCG Committee also has discussions with management focused on evaluating the Company’s exposure to cybersecurity risks and cybersecurity practices in place to mitigate such risks. These discussions enable the NCG Committee to be informed of the steps management is taking to detect, monitor and