subsidies for low-income customers and the associated revenue.
Failure to comply with applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. We could be subject to fines, forfeitures, and other penalties (including, in extreme cases, revocation of our spectrum licenses) for failure to comply with the FCC or other governmental regulations, even if any such noncompliance was unintentional. The loss of any licenses, or any related fines or forfeitures, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Laws and regulations relating to the handling of privacy, data protection and AI may result in increased costs, legal claims, fines against us, or reputational damage.
Since 2020, more than a dozen states have enacted new, comprehensive privacy laws that create new data privacy rights for residents of those states and new compliance obligations for us and the industry in general, in addition to private rights of action for certain types of data breaches. These include the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and similar laws in other states. Pending legislation in a number of other states would create similar laws elsewhere. All of these new privacy laws and others that we expect to be developed and enacted going forward will impose additional data protection obligations and potential liability on companies such as ours doing business in those states. Further, privacy laws also limit our ability to collect and use personal information.
We have incurred and will continue to incur significant implementation costs to ensure compliance with the CCPA, new privacy laws in other states, and their related regulations, including managing the complexity of laws that vary from state to state. Both federal and state governments are considering additional privacy laws and regulations which, if passed, could further impact our business, strategies, offerings, and initiatives and cause us to incur further costs. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with the CCPA, other data privacy laws or regulations, or related contractual or other obligations, or any perceived privacy rights violation, could lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breaches, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation and market position.
AI-related laws and regulations continue to remain uncertain and may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape may require us to incur significant additional costs or limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our business operations or product offerings. As we integrate AI technologies into our
20
Table of Contents
business, we must navigate varying regulations that could impact our operations and product development. Failure to comply with