25, 2023, we established an unsecured short-term commercial paper program with the ability to borrow up to $
2.0
billion from time to time. This program supplements our other available external financing arrangements, and proceeds are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there was
no
outstanding balance under this program.
Standby Letters of Credit
For the purposes of securing our obligations to provide device insurance services and for the purposes of securing our general purpose obligations, we maintain an agreement for standby letters of credit with certain financial institutions. Our outstanding standby letters of credit were $
152
million and $
238
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
ECA Facility
Subsequent to December 31, 2024, on January 31, 2025, our wholly owned subsidiary, T-Mobile USA, Inc., entered into a credit agreement with certain financial institutions, backed by an Export Credit Agency (the “ECA Facility”), providing for a loan of up to $
1.0
billion to finance network equipment-related purchases. The obligations under the ECA Facility are also guaranteed by us and by all of our wholly owned domestic restricted subsidiaries (subject to customary exceptions). Any borrowing under the ECA Facility will mature on March 15, 2036. As of January 31, 2025, the ECA Facility is undrawn.
Note 10 – Tower Obligations
Existing CCI Tower Lease Arrangements
In 2012, we conveyed to Crown Castle International Corp. (“CCI”) the exclusive right to manage and operate approximately
6,200
tower sites (“CCI Lease Sites”) via a master prepaid lease with site lease terms ranging from
23
to
37
years. CCI has fixed-price purchase options for the CCI Lease Sites totaling approximately $
2.0
billion, exercisable annually on a per-tranche basis at the end of the lease term during the period from December 31, 2035, through December 31, 2049. If CCI exercises its purchase option for any tranche, it must purchase all the towers in the tranche. We lease back a portion of the space at certain tower sites.
Assets and liabilities associated with the operation of the tower sites were transferred to special purpose entities (“SPEs”). Assets included ground lease agreements or deeds for the land on which the towers are situated, the towers themselves and existing subleasing agreements with other mobile network operator tenants that lease space at the tower sites. Liabilities included the obligation to pay ground lease rentals, property taxes and other executory costs.
We determined the SPEs containing the CCI Lease Sites (“Lease Site SPEs”) are VIEs as they lack sufficient equity to finance their activities. We have a variable interest in the Lease Site SPEs but are not the primary beneficiary as we lack the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the Lease Site SPEs’ economic performance. These activities include managing tenants and underlying ground leases, performing repair