would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Management and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors have reviewed and approved the accounting policies associated with these critical estimates.
Depreciation
Our property and equipment balance represents a significant component of our consolidated assets. We record property and equipment at cost, and we generally depreciate property and equipment on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets. If all other factors were to remain unchanged, we expect that a one-year increase in the useful lives of our in-service property and equipment would have resulted in a decrease of approximately $3.2 billion in our 2024 depreciation expense and that a one-year decrease in the useful life would have resulted in an increase of approximately $4.6 billion in our 2024 depreciation expense.
See
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
and
Note
6
– Property and Equipment
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding depreciation of assets, including management’s underlying estimates of useful lives.
Income Taxes
We account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements in accordance with the accounting guidance for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We assess whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position and adjust the unrecognized tax benefits in light of changes in facts and circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law.
The income tax laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate are complex and subject to different interpretations by management and the relevant government taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. We must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. Our interpretations may be subjected to review during examination by taxing authorities and disputes may arise over the respective tax positions. We attempt to resolve these disputes during the tax examination and audit process and ultimately through the court system when applicable.
We monitor relevant tax authorities and revise our estimate of accrued income taxes due to changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts and regulatory authorities on a quarterly basis. Revisions of our estimate of accrued income taxes also may result from our own income tax planning and from the resolution of income tax controversies. Such revisions in our estimates may be material to our Income tax expense for any given quarter.
Accounting Pronouncements Not