unsold receivables.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, all cash proceeds associated with sold receivables are recognized within Net cash provided by operating activities on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, cash proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions in the form of the deferred purchase price were presented within Net cash used in investing activities on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
14
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
The recourse guarantee represents a financial instrument that is primarily tied to the creditworthiness of our customers. At inception, we elected to measure the recourse guarantee liabilities at fair value with changes in fair value included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The fair value of the recourse guarantee liabilities is determined based on a discounted cash flow model which uses primarily Level 3 inputs, including estimated customer default rates and credit worthiness, dilutions and recoveries. Our recourse guarantee liabilities related to the sales of service receivables and EIP receivables were $
140
million and $
148
million as of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively. These liabilities were collateralized by $
278
million and $
286
million of gross service receivables and $
510
million and $
505
million of gross EIP receivables pledged but unsold as of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively, which represent our maximum exposure under the recourse guarantee.
The following table summarizes the impact of the sales of certain service receivables and EIP receivables on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:
We recognized losses from sales of receivables, including changes in fair value of the recourse guarantee liabilities and deferred purchase price assets, of $
22
million and $
21
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Continuing Involvement
Pursuant to the EIP Sale Arrangement and Service Receivable Sale Arrangement described above, we have continuing involvement with the service accounts receivables and EIP receivables we sell, as we service the receivables, are required to replace certain receivables, including ineligible receivables, aged receivables and receivables where a write-off is imminent, and may be responsible for absorbing credit losses through performance under our recourse guarantee liabilities. We continue to service the customers and their related receivables, including facilitating customer payment collection, in exchange for a monthly servicing fee. As the receivables are sold on a revolving basis, the customer payment collections on sold receivables may be reinvested in new receivable