material to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, nor were they material to our prior period consolidated results on a pro forma basis. Costs related to the Vistar Acquisition were not material to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
We have accounted for the Vistar Acquisition as a business combination. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Vistar were recorded at their provisionally assigned fair values as of the Vistar Acquisition Date and consolidated with those of T-Mobile. Assigning fair values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the Vistar Acquisition Date requires the use of judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. For the provisionally assigned fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we used the cost and income approaches.
The following table summarizes the provisionally assigned fair values for each class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the Vistar Acquisition Date. We are in the process of finalizing the valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including income tax-related amounts. Therefore, the provisionally assigned fair values set forth below are subject to adjustment as additional information is obtained.
Intangible Assets
Goodwill with a provisionally assigned value of $
344
million represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The provisionally assigned goodwill recognized includes expected growth in service revenues to be achieved from the operations of the combined company, the assembled workforce of Vistar and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition.
10
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Other intangible assets acquired primarily include $
201
million of customer relationships with an estimated weighted-average useful life of
nine years
, $
8
million of tradenames with an estimated weighted-average useful life of
four years
and $
55
million of other intangible assets with an estimated weighted-average useful life of
four years
. The customer relationships are amortized using the sum-of-the-years digits method over their estimated useful lives, and the tradenames are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
The preliminary fair value of customer relationships was estimated using the income approach. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market, and, therefore, represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The key assumptions in applying the income approach include revenue over an estimated period of time, the discount rate, forecasted expenses and contributory asset charges.
Acquisition of Blis Holdco Limited
On February 18, 2025, we entered into a share purchase agreement for the acquisition of
100
% of the outstanding