Comprehensive Income.
•
$
169
million of the potential earnout amount is payment for services to be provided to T-Mobile by certain of the sellers during the post-acquisition period, as well as the replacement of equity awards of certain Ka’ena employees. We recognize expenses as such services are provided during the post-acquisition period within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, with a corresponding offset to Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The acquisition-date fair value of consideration transferred in the Ka’ena Acquisition totaled $
1.1
billion, comprised of the following:
The fair value of contingent consideration related to the earnout was estimated using the income approach, a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model, whereby a Monte Carlo simulation method estimated the probability of different outcomes. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and, therefore, represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The key assumptions in applying the income approach for the contingent consideration include forecasted Ka’ena financial information, primarily revenue, marketing costs and customer metrics, the probability of achieving the forecasted financial information and the discount rate.
As of December 31, 2024, $
202
million of liabilities for contingent consideration and $
80
million of liabilities for post-acquisition services were presented within Other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
We have accounted for the Ka’ena Acquisition as a business combination. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Ka’ena were recorded at their provisionally assigned fair values as of the Acquisition Date and consolidated with those of T-Mobile. Assigning fair values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the Acquisition Date requires the use of judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. For the provisionally assigned fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we used the cost and income approaches.
72
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table summarizes the provisionally assigned fair values for each class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the Acquisition Date. We retained the services of certified valuation specialists to assist with assigning values to certain acquired assets. We are in the process of finalizing the valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including income tax-related amounts. Therefore, the provisionally assigned fair values set forth below are subject to adjustment as additional information is obtained and the valuations are completed.
Intangible Assets
Goodwill with a provisionally assigned value of $
771
million represents the excess of the consideration