on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and which are hereby incorporated by reference herein.
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
For information regarding recently issued accounting standards, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
51
Table of Contents
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to economic risks in the normal course of business, primarily from changes in interest rates, including changes in investment yields and changes in spreads due to credit risk, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and other factors. These risks, along with other business risks, impact our cost of capital. Our policy is to manage exposure related to fluctuations in interest rates in order to manage capital costs, control financial risks and maintain financial flexibility over the long term. We have established interest rate risk limits that are closely monitored by measuring interest rate sensitivities of our debt portfolio.
As of March 31, 2025, we held €4.8 billion in EUR-denominated Senior Notes, which are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have entered into cross-currency swap agreements that qualify and have been designated as fair value hedges of our EUR-denominated debt, mitigating our exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses. We do not foresee significant changes in the strategies used to manage market risk in the near future.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls include the use of a Disclosure Committee which is comprised of representatives from our Accounting, Legal, Treasury, Technology, Risk Management, Government Affairs and Investor Relations functions and are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q.
The certifications