receivables, aged receivables and receivables where a write-off is imminent, and may be responsible for absorbing credit losses through performance under our recourse guarantee liabilities. We continue to service the customers and their related receivables, including facilitating customer payment collection, in exchange for a monthly servicing fee. As the receivables are sold on a revolving basis, the customer payment collections on sold receivables may be reinvested in new receivable sales. At the direction of the purchasers of the sold receivables, we apply the same policies and procedures while servicing the sold receivables as we apply to our owned receivables, and we continue to maintain normal relationships with our customers.
Note 6 – Property and Equipment
The components of property and equipment, excluding amounts transferred to held for sale, were as follows:
Total depreciation expense relating to property and equipment and financing lease right-of-use assets was $
12.1
billion, $
12.0
billion and $
12.7
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These amounts include depreciation expense related to leased wireless devices of $
54
million, $
170
million and $
1.1
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
79
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
We capitalize interest associated with the acquisition or construction of certain property and equipment and spectrum intangible assets. We recognized capitalized interest of $
34
million, $
104
million and $
61
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Asset retirement obligations are primarily for certain legal obligations to remediate leased property on which our network infrastructure and administrative assets are located.
Activity in our asset retirement obligations was as follows:
The corresponding assets, net of accumulated depreciation, related to asset retirement obligations were $
423
million and $
462
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Note 7 – Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill
The change in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows:
Goodwill Impairment Assessment
Certain non-financial assets, including goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets such as Spectrum licenses, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are reported at carrying value. However, these assets are required to be assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that carrying value may not be recoverable, and at least annually for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. The nonrecurring measurements of the fair value of these assets, for which observable market information may be limited, are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. In the event an impairment is required, the asset is adjusted to its estimated fair