purchase price of approximately $4.4 billion, payable in cash and the assumption of up to $2.0 billion of debt, as well as entered into a master license agreement with estimated minimum lease payments of $1.4 billion over 15 years post-closing. On December 20, 2024, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger for the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding capital stock of Vistar Media Inc. for a purchase price of approximately $625 million. These transactions are subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of certain regulatory approvals and are excluded from our reported purchase obligations above. See
Note 2 – Business Combinations
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
(6)
On April 24, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with Fund VI to establish a joint venture between us and Fund VI to acquire Lumos. We expect to invest approximately $950 million in the joint venture. In addition, pursuant to the definitive agreement, we expect to make an additional capital contribution of approximately $500 million in 2027 or 2028 under the existing business plan. Additionally, on July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $4.9 billion in the joint venture. These transactions are subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals and are excluded from our reported purchase obligations above. See
Note 3 – Joint Ventures
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
(7)
Spectrum lease agreements are typically for terms of five to 10 years with automatic renewal provisions, bringing the total term of the agreements up to 30 years.
(8)
On May 1, 2023, Cogent Infrastructure, Inc. and the Company completed the Wireline Transaction. Under the terms of the Wireline Sale Agreement, the Company agreed to make payments pursuant to an IP transit services agreement totaling $700 million, consisting of (i) $350 million in equal monthly installments during the first year after the closing and (ii) $350 million in equal monthly installments over the subsequent 42 months. For more information regarding the Wireline Transaction, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
49
Table of Contents
Certain commitments and obligations are included in the table based on the year of required payment or an estimate of the year of payment. Other long-term liabilities have been omitted from the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of payments, combined with the lack of historical trends to predict future payments.
The purchase obligations reflected in the table above are primarily commitments to purchase spectrum licenses, wireless devices, network services, equipment, software, marketing sponsorship agreements and other items in the ordinary course of business. These amounts do not