acquire Lumos from EQT’s predecessor fund, EQT Infrastructure III. The arrangement is expected to close in the first half of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $950 million in the joint venture to acquire a 50% equity interest and all existing Lumos fiber customers. The funds invested by us will be used to fund future fiber builds. In addition, pursuant to the definitive agreement, we expect to make an additional capital contribution of approximately $500 million in 2027 or 2028 under the existing business plan.
For more information regarding the Lumos joint venture, see
Note 3 – Joint Ventures
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Acquisition of UScellular Wireless Operations
On May 24, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with UScellular pursuant to which, among other things, we will acquire substantially all of UScellular’s wireless operations and select spectrum assets for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $4.4 billion, payable in cash and the assumption of up to $2.0 billion of debt through an exchange offer to be made to certain UScellular debtholders prior to closing. To the extent any debtholders do not participate in the exchange, their bonds will continue as obligations of UScellular, and the cash portion of the purchase price will be correspondingly increased. The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of certain regulatory approvals.
Following the closing of the transaction, UScellular will retain ownership of its other spectrum, as well as its towers. Subject to the closing of the transaction, we will enter into a 15-year master license agreement to lease space on at least 2,100 towers being retained and to extend our tenancy term on approximately 600 towers where we are already leasing space from UScellular for 15 years post-closing. We estimate the incremental future minimum lease payments associated with the master license agreement will be $1.4 billion over 15 years post-closing.
Metronet Joint Venture
On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet. This arrangement is expected to close in 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $4.9 billion in the joint venture to acquire a 50% equity interest and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as funding the joint venture. We do not anticipate making further capital contributions following the closing under the existing business plan.
For more information regarding the Metronet joint venture, see
Note 3 – Joint Ventures
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
46
Table of Contents
Acquisition of Vistar Media Inc.
On December 20, 2024, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger for the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding capital