Osvaldik also uses as a means for personal communication and observations). The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these social media channels in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The social media channels that we intend to use as a means of disclosing the information described above may be updated from time to time as listed on our investor relations website.
5
Table of Contents
PART I.
Item 1. Business
Business Overview and Strategy
Un-carrier Strategy
As America’s supercharged Un-carrier, we have disrupted the wireless communications services industry by actively engaging with and listening to our customers and focusing on eliminating their pain points. Our customers benefit from what we believe is an unmatched combination of value and network quality, unwavering focus on offering them the best possible service experience and undisputable drive for disruptive innovation in wireless and beyond. This includes providing added value and what we believe is an exceptional experience while implementing signature Un-carrier initiatives that have changed the wireless industry. We ended annual service contracts, overages, unpredictable international roaming fees and data buckets, among other things. We are inspired by a relentless focus on customer experience, consistently delivering award-winning customer experience, which drives our customer satisfaction levels while enabling operational efficiencies.
With what we believe is America’s largest, fastest, most awarded and most advanced 5G network, the Un-carrier strives to offer customers unrivaled coverage and capacity where they live, work and travel. We believe our network is the foundation of our success and powers everything we do. Our dense and multi-layer network provides an unmatched 5G and overall network experience to our customers, which consists of our foundational layer of low-band, our mid-band and our millimeter-wave (“mmWave”) spectrum licenses (see “Spectrum Position” below). This multilayer portfolio of spectrum broadens and deepens our nationwide 5G network, enabling accelerated innovation and increased competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries.
We continue to expand the footprint and improve the quality of our network, enabling us to provide what we believe are outstanding wireless experiences for customers who should not have to compromise on quality and value. Our network allows us to deliver new, innovative products and services, such as our High Speed Internet fixed wireless product, with the same customer experience focus and industry-disrupting mindset that we have adopted in our attempt to redefine the wireless communications services industry in the United States in the customers’ favor.
As part of our relentless, customer-first focus, we are transforming into an AI-enabled, data-informed, digital-first organization to