upon integration, with total cost to achieve the integration currently estimated at between $2.2 billion to $2.6 billion.
For more information regarding our acquisition of UScellular’s wireless operations, see
Note 2 – Business Combinations
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Acquisition of Vistar Media Inc.
On December 20, 2024, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger for the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding capital stock of Vistar Media Inc., a provider of technology solutions for digital-out-of-home advertisements, for a purchase price of approximately $625 million. The purchase price is subject to certain agreed-upon working capital and other adjustments. The acquisition is subject to certain customary closing conditions, including certain regulatory approvals, and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025.
Revenue Trends
In 2025, we expect Postpaid service revenues to continue to grow, primarily due to continued postpaid account and customer growth as well as postpaid Average Revenue per Account (“ARPA”) growth driven by the execution of our strategy to continuously deepen our account relationships, including growth in High Speed Internet. We also expect an increase in service revenues upon the closing of our previously announced joint ventures and acquisition of UScellular. In addition, Wholesale and other service revenues are expected to continue to decline primarily as DISH services more of its Boost customers with their standalone network.
Operating Expense Trends
In 2025, we expect Total operating expenses to increase, primarily driven by higher Depreciation and amortization from assets placed into service
associated with our continued build-out of our nationwide 5G network, a
s well as higher Cost of equipment sales, driven by higher expected unit sales from a growing customer base. We also expect an increase in Total operating expenses upon the closing of our previously announced joint ventures and acquisition of UScellular. We expect these increases to be partially offset by synergy realization from the acquisition of UScellular benefiting Cost of services.
Macroeconomic Trends
Macroeconomic trends may result in adverse impacts on our business, and we continue to monitor these potential impacts, including potential economic recession, changes in the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy, as well as geopolitical risks, including the Ukraine-Russia and Israel-Hamas wars and further escalations thereof. Such scenarios and uncertainties may affect, among others, expected credit loss activity as well as certain fair value estimates.
To date, price inflation has not had a significant impact on our operations as we have fixed rates established through long-term contracts for many of our most significant costs, including for many of our tower agreements and backhaul contracts. Similarly, our exposure to the impact of rising interest rates is limited, primarily to any new debt issuances or draws on our