sales. At the direction of the purchasers of the sold receivables, we apply the same policies and procedures while servicing the sold receivables as we apply to our owned receivables, and we continue to maintain normal relationships with our customers.
Note 6 – Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the three months ended March 31, 2025, are as follows:
15
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Spectrum Licenses
The following table summarizes our spectrum license activity for the three months ended March 31, 2025:
Cash payments to acquire spectrum licenses and payments for costs to clear spectrum are included in Purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits, on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
License Purchase Agreements
Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC
On August 8, 2022, we, Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC (together with Channel 51 License Co LLC, the “Sellers”) entered into License Purchase Agreements pursuant to which we will acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from the Sellers in exchange for total cash consideration of $
3.5
billion. The licenses will be acquired without any associated networks and are currently being utilized by us through exclusive leasing arrangements with the Sellers.
On March 30, 2023, we and the Sellers entered into Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements pursuant to which we and the Sellers agreed to separate the transaction into
two
tranches of licenses, with the closings on the acquisitions of certain licenses in Chicago, Dallas and New Orleans being deferred in order to potentially expedite the regulatory approval process for the remainder of the licenses. Subsequently, on August 25, 2023, we and the Sellers entered into Amendments No. 1 to the Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements, which deferred the closings of certain additional licenses in Chicago and Dallas into the second closing tranche. Together, the licenses with closings deferred into the second closing tranche represent $
1.1
billion of the aggregate $
3.5
billion cash consideration. The licenses being acquired by us, and the total consideration being paid for the licenses, remain the same under the original License Purchase Agreements and subsequent amendments.
The Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”) approved the purchase of the first tranche on December 29, 2023. The first tranche closed on June 24, 2024, and the associated payment of $
2.4
billion was made on August 5, 2024.
The FCC approved the purchase of the Dallas licenses included in the second tranche on October 22, 2024. The purchase of the Dallas licenses closed on December 6, 2024, and the associated payment of $
541
million was made on the same day.
We anticipate that the remaining deferred licenses from the second