assumption of up to $
2.0
billion of debt through an exchange offer to be made to certain UScellular debtholders prior to closing. To the extent any debtholders do not participate in the exchange, their bonds will continue as obligations of UScellular, and the cash portion of the purchase price will be correspondingly increased. Following the closing of the transaction, we will enter into a
15-year
master license agreement and estimate the incremental future minimum lease payments will be $
1.4
billion over
15
years post-closing. The securities purchase agreement remains subject to regulatory approval. The estimated purchase price and incremental minimum lease payments are excluded from our reported purchase commitments above. See
Note 2 – Business Combinations
for additional details.
On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet, a fiber-to-the-home platform. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $
4.9
billion to acquire a
50
% equity interest in the joint venture and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as funding of the joint venture. The agreement remains subject to regulatory approval, and the estimated purchase price is excluded from our reported purchase commitments above. See
Note 3 – Joint Ventures
for additional details.
Sprint Merger Commitments
In connection with the regulatory proceedings and approvals of the Sprint Merger pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement with Sprint and the other parties named therein (as amended, the “Business Combination Agreement”) and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, we have commitments and other obligations to various state and federal agencies and certain nongovernmental organizations, including pursuant to the Consent Decree agreed to by us, DT, Sprint, SoftBank Group Corp. (“SoftBank”) and DISH Network Corporation and entered by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, and the FCC’s memorandum opinion and order approving our applications for approval of the Sprint Merger. These commitments and obligations include, among other things, extensive 5G network build-out commitments, obligations to deliver high-speed wireless services to the vast majority of Americans, including Americans residing in rural areas, and the marketing of an in-home broadband product where spectrum capacity is available. Other commitments relate to national security, pricing, service, employment and support of diversity initiatives. Many of the commitments specify time
27
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
frames for compliance and reporting. Failure to fulfill our obligations and commitments in a timely manner could result in substantial fines, penalties, or other legal and administrative actions.
Contingencies and Litigation
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
We are involved in various lawsuits and disputes, claims, government agency investigations