we agreed to fulfill various government commitments (the “Government Commitments”), including, among others, extensive 5G network build-out, delivering high-speed wireless services to the vast majority of Americans and marketing our in-home fixed wireless product to households where spectrum capacity is sufficient, as well as commitments related to national security, pricing and availability of rate plans. These Government Commitments materially increased our compliance obligations and could result in additional expenses and/or penalties in the future. In connection with the Prepaid Transaction, we and DISH entered into certain arrangements, including a Master Network Services Agreement (the “MNSA”), pursuant to which we provide DISH, for a period of seven years, network services for certain end users and infrastructure mobile network operator services to assist in the access and integration of the DISH network.
Any failure to fulfill our obligations under the Government Commitments and the MNSA in a timely manner could result in substantial fines, penalties, or other legal and administrative actions, liabilities, and reputational harm.
Economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Our business, financial condition, and operating results are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates, consumer credit conditions, consumer debt levels, consumer confidence, unemployment rates, economic growth, energy costs, rates of inflation (or concerns about deflation), supply chain disruptions, impacts of current geopolitical conflict or instability, such as the Ukraine-Russia and Israel-Hamas wars and further escalations thereof, and other macroeconomic factors.
The wireless industry, broadly, is dependent on population growth, as a result, we expect the wireless industry’s customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates, leading to ongoing competition for customers. In addition, the Government Commitments place certain limitations on our ability to increase prices, which limits our ability to pass along growing costs to customers. Rising prices for goods, services, and labor due to inflation could adversely impact our margins and/or growth.
Our services and device financing plans are available to a broad customer base, a significant segment of which may be vulnerable to weak economic conditions, particularly our subprime customers. We may have greater difficulty in gaining new customers within this segment, and existing customers may be more likely to terminate service and default on device financing plans due to an inability to pay.
Weak economic and credit conditions may also adversely impact our suppliers, dealers, wholesale partners or MVNOs, and enterprise and government customers, some of which may file for bankruptcy, or may experience cash flow or liquidity problems, or may be unable to obtain or refinance credit