the future.
On February 28, 2020, T-Mobile and Sprint each received a Notice of Apparent Liability for Forfeiture and Admonishment from the FCC, which proposed a penalty for allegedly violating section 222 of the Communications Act and the FCC’s regulations governing the privacy of customer information. On April 29, 2024, the FCC issued Forfeiture Orders against T-Mobile and Sprint that largely adopted the allegations and conclusions of the Notices of Apparent Liability and imposed penalties on T-Mobile and Sprint. T-Mobile and Sprint paid those penalties under protest, and on June 27, 2024, T-Mobile and Sprint filed Petitions for Review challenging the FCC’s Forfeiture Orders in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. We are unable to predict the potential outcome of those proceedings.
On April 1, 2020, in connection with the closing of the Merger, we assumed the contingencies and litigation matters of Sprint. Those matters include a wide variety of disputes, claims, government agency investigations and enforcement actions, and other proceedings. These matters include, among other things, certain ongoing FCC and state government agency investigations into Sprint’s Lifeline program. In September 2019, Sprint notified the FCC that it had claimed monthly subsidies for serving subscribers, even though these subscribers may not have met usage requirements under Sprint's usage policy for the Lifeline program, due to an inadvertent coding issue in the system used to identify qualifying subscriber usage that occurred in July 2017 while the system was being updated. Sprint has made a number of payments to reimburse the federal government and certain states for excess subsidy payments.
We note that, pursuant to Amendment No. 2, dated as of February 20, 2020, to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2018, by and among the Company, Sprint and the other parties named therein, SoftBank agreed to indemnify us against certain specified matters and losses, including those relating to the Lifeline matters described above. Resolution of these matters could require us to make additional reimbursements and pay additional fines and penalties, which we do not expect to have a significant impact on our financial results. We expect that any additional liabilities related to these indemnified matters would be indemnified and reimbursed by SoftBank.
On June 1, 2021, a putative shareholder class action and derivative lawsuit was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery,
Dinkevich v. Deutsche Telekom AG, et al.
, Case No. C.A. No. 2021-0479, against DT, SoftBank and certain of our current and former officers and directors, asserting breach of fiduciary duty claims relating to the repricing amendment to the Business Combination Agreement and to SoftBank’s monetization of its T-Mobile shares. We are also named as a nominal defendant in the case. We are unable to predict the potential outcome of these claims.
On August 12, 2021, we