purchase agreement with UScellular, Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., and USCC Wireless Holdings, LLC, pursuant to which, among other things, we will acquire substantially all of UScellular’s wireless operations and select spectrum assets for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $
4.4
billion, payable in cash and the assumption of up to $
2.0
billion of debt through an exchange offer to be made to certain UScellular debtholders prior to closing. To the extent any debtholders do not participate in the exchange, their bonds will continue as obligations of UScellular, and the cash portion of the purchase price will be correspondingly increased. Following the closing of the transaction, we will enter into a
15-year
master license agreement and estimate the incremental future minimum lease payments will be $
1.4
billion over
15
years post-closing. The securities purchase agreement remains subject to regulatory approval. The estimated purchase price and incremental minimum lease payments are excluded from our reported purchase commitments above. See
Note 2 – Business Combinations
for additional details.
102
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet, a fiber-to-the-home platform. At closing, we expect to invest approximately $
4.9
billion in the joint venture to acquire a
50
% equity interest and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as funding the joint venture. The agreement remains subject to regulatory approval, and the estimated purchase price is excluded from our reported purchase commitments above. See
Note 3 – Joint Ventures
for additional details.
On December 20, 2024, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger for the acquisition of
100
% of the outstanding capital stock of Vistar Media Inc., for a purchase price of approximately $
625
million. The agreement remains subject to certain regulatory approvals, and the estimated purchase price is excluded from our reported purchase commitments above. See
Note 2 – Business Combinations
for additional details.
Spectrum
We lease spectrum from various parties. These leases include service obligations to the lessors. Certain spectrum leases provide for minimum lease payments, additional charges, renewal options and escalation clauses. Leased spectrum agreements have varying expiration terms that generally extend through 2050. We expect that all renewal periods in our spectrum leases will be exercised by us. Certain spectrum leases also include purchase options and right-of-first refusal clauses in which we are provided the opportunity to exercise our purchase option if the lessor receives a purchase offer from a third party. The purchase of the leased spectrum is at our option and, therefore, the option price is not included in the commitments below.
Our spectrum lease and service credit commitments, including renewal periods, are approximately $
289