additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to financial statements for interim and annual reporting periods. The standard will become effective for us for our fiscal year 2027 annual financial statements and interim financial statements thereafter and may be applied prospectively to periods after the adoption date or retrospectively for all prior periods presented in the financial statements, with early adoption permitted. We plan to adopt the standard when it becomes effective for us beginning in our fiscal year 2027 annual financial statements, and we are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the disclosures included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Note 2 – Business Combinations
Acquisition of Ka’ena Corporation
On March 9, 2023, we entered into a merger and unit purchase agreement (the “Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement”) for the acquisition of
100
% of the outstanding equity of Ka’ena Corporation and its subsidiaries, including, among others, Mint Mobile LLC (collectively, “Ka’ena”), for a maximum purchase price of $
1.35
billion to be paid out
39
% in cash and
61
% in shares of T-Mobile common stock (the “Ka’ena Acquisition”). On March 13, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, which amended, among other things, certain mechanics of the payment of the purchase consideration for the Ka’ena Acquisition, which resulted in a nominal increase in the percentage of cash compared to shares of T-Mobile common stock to be paid out as part of the total purchase price.
Upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, on May 1, 2024 (the “Acquisition Date”), we completed the Ka’ena Acquisition, and as a result, Ka’ena became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile. Concurrently and as agreed upon through the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, T-Mobile and Ka’ena entered into certain separate transactions, including the effective settlement of the preexisting wholesale arrangement between T-Mobile and Ka’ena and agreements with certain of the sellers to provide services to T-Mobile during the post-acquisition period.
Ka’ena is a provider of prepaid mobile services in the U.S. through its primary brands, Mint Mobile and Ultra Mobile, and also offers a selection of wireless devices, including handsets and other mobile communication devices. Prior to the Ka’ena Acquisition, Ka’ena was a wholesale partner of the Company for which we recognized service revenues within Wholesale and other service revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, and for which Ka’ena incurred related expenses for the use of our network. On the Acquisition Date, this relationship was effectively terminated, and the Company acquired Ka’ena’s prepaid customer relationships and began to recognize service revenues associated with these customers within Prepaid revenues and operating expenses