million. Sales of receivables occur daily and are settled on a monthly basis. The receivables consist of service charges currently due from customers and are short-term in nature.
In connection with the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity, to sell service accounts receivable (the “Service BRE”).
Pursuant to the amended Service Receivable Sale Arrangement, selected receivables are transferred to the Service BRE. The Service BRE then sells the receivables to a non-consolidated and unaffiliated third-party entity over which we do not exercise any level of control and which does not qualify as a VIE.
Variable Interest Entity
We determined that the Service BRE is a VIE, as its equity investment at risk lacks the obligation to absorb a certain portion of expected losses. We have a variable interest in the Service BRE and have determined that we are the primary beneficiary based on our ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the Service BRE’s economic performance. Those activities include selecting which receivables are transferred into the Service BRE and sold in the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement and funding the Service BRE. Additionally, our equity interest in the Service BRE obligates us to absorb losses and gives us the right to receive benefits from the Service BRE that could potentially be significant to the Service BRE. Accordingly, we include the balances and results of operations of the Service BRE in our consolidated financial statements.
77
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and classification of assets, which consists primarily of the deferred purchase price, and liabilities included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets with respect to the Service BRE:
In addition, the Service BRE is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, prior to any liquidation of the Service BRE, to be satisfied prior to any value in the Service BRE becoming available to us. Accordingly, the assets of the Service BRE may not be used to settle our general obligations, and creditors of the Service BRE have no recourse to our general credit.
Sales of Receivables
The transfers of service accounts receivable and EIP receivables to the non-consolidated entities are accounted for as sales of financial assets. Once identified for sale, the receivable is recorded at the lower of cost or fair value. Upon sale, we derecognize the net carrying amount of the receivables.
We recognized the cash proceeds received upon sale in Net cash provided by operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
On October 22, 2024, we executed an amendment to the EIP Sale Arrangement and an amendment to the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement (together, the “Pledge Amendments”). Prior to the effective date of the Pledge Amendments, the credit enhancement feature of