for impairment on an aggregate basis, consistent with our management of the overall business at a national level. We may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying value. If we do not perform the qualitative assessment, or if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the estimated fair value of the intangible asset. If the estimated fair value of the spectrum licenses is lower than their carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. We employ the qualitative method.
We estimate fair value of spectrum licenses using the Greenfield methodology. The Greenfield methodology values the spectrum licenses by calculating the cash flow generating potential of a hypothetical start-up company that goes into business with no assets except for the asset to be valued (in this case, spectrum licenses) and makes investments required to build an operation comparable to current use. The value of the spectrum licenses is the present value of the cash flows of this hypothetical start-up company. We base the assumptions underlying the Greenfield methodology on a combination of market participant data and our historical results, trends and business plans. Future cash flows in the Greenfield methodology are based on estimates and assumptions of market participant revenues, EBITDA margin, network build-out period and a long-term growth rate for a market participant. The cash flows are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital. No events or change in circumstances have occurred that indicate the fair value of the Spectrum licenses may be below their carrying amount at December 31, 2024.
The valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and spectrum licenses may require that management make difficult, subjective and complex judgements about matters that are inherently uncertain. If actual results or future expectations are not consistent with the assumptions used in our estimate of fair value, it may result in the recording of significant impairment charges on goodwill or spectrum licenses. The most significant assumptions within the valuation models are the discount rate based on the weighted-average cost of capital, revenues, EBITDA margins, capital expenditures and long-term growth rate.
For more information regarding our impairment assessments of indefinite-lived intangible assets, see
Note 7 – Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets
.
Fair Value Measurements
We carry certain assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement