Each period, management assesses the appropriateness of the level of allowance for credit losses by considering credit risk inherent within each portfolio segment as of the end of the period.
We consider a receivable past due when a customer has not paid us by the contractually specified payment due date. Account balances are written off against the allowance for credit losses if collection efforts are unsuccessful and the receivable balance is deemed uncollectible (customer default), based on factors such as customer credit ratings as well as the length of time the amounts are past due.
Our portfolio of receivables is comprised of
two
portfolio segments: accounts receivable and equipment installment plan receivables.
Accounts Receivable Portfolio Segment
Accounts receivable balances are predominately comprised of amounts currently due from customers (e.g., for wireless communications services), device insurance administrators, wholesale partners, other carriers and third-party retail channels.
We estimate credit losses associated with our accounts receivable portfolio segment using an expected credit loss model, which utilizes an aging schedule methodology based on historical information and is adjusted for asset-specific considerations, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts.
74
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our approach considers a number of factors, including our overall historical credit losses and payment experience, as well as current collection trends such as write-off frequency and severity. We also consider other qualitative factors such as current and forecasted macroeconomic conditions.
We consider the need to adjust our estimate of credit losses for reasonable and supportable forecasts of future macroeconomic conditions. To do so, we monitor external forecasts of changes in real U.S. gross domestic product and forecasts of consumer credit behavior for comparable credit exposures.
EIP Receivables Portfolio Segment
Based upon customer credit profiles at the time of customer origination, as well as subsequent credit performance, we classify the EIP receivables segment into
two
customer classes of “Prime” and “Subprime.” Prime customer receivables are those with lower credit risk, and Subprime customer receivables are those with higher credit risk. Customers may be required to make a down payment on their equipment purchases if their assessed credit risk exceeds established underwriting thresholds. In addition, certain customers within the Subprime category may be required to pay a deposit.
To determine a customer’s credit profile and assist in determining their credit class, we use a proprietary credit scoring model that measures the credit quality of a customer leveraging several factors, such as credit bureau information and consumer credit risk scores, as well as service and device plan characteristics.
EIP receivables had a combined weighted-average effective interest rate of