swap amounts, are recorded within Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Changes in the fair value of the swaps may be different from the current period transaction gain or loss on remeasurement of the debt, in which case the difference will remain in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These differences generally represent credit or liquidity risk, referred to as a basis spread, and the time value of money (“excluded components”). The value of the excluded components is recognized in earnings using a systematic and rational method by accruing the current-period swap settlements into Interest expense, net, on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. If an amount remains in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheets upon settlement of the derivative, those amounts will be reclassified to earnings at that time.
The following table summarizes the activity of our cross-currency swaps:
84
Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Interest Rate Lock Derivatives
In April 2020, we terminated our interest rate lock derivatives entered into in October 2018.
Aggregate changes in the fair value of our interest rate lock derivatives, which were terminated in April 2020, of $
960
million and $
1.1
billion are presented in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, $
236
million, $
219
million and $
203
million, respectively, were amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into Interest expense, net, on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. We expect to amortize $
254
million of the Accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with the derivatives into Interest expense, net, over the 12 months ending December 31, 2025.
Recourse Guarantee Liabilities and Deferred Purchase Price Assets
In connection with the sales of certain service and EIP accounts receivable, we have recourse guarantee liabilities, and prior to the effective date of the Pledge Amendments, deferred purchase price assets, measured at fair value on a recurring basis that are based on a discounted cash flow model using unobservable Level 3 inputs, including estimated customer default rates and credit worthiness, dilutions and recoveries. See
Note 5 – Sales of Certain Receivables
for further information.
The carrying amount of our recourse guarantee liabilities was $
148
million as of December 31, 2024. The carrying amount of our deferred purchase price assets was $
658
million as of December 31, 2023. Both of which are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for the periods indicated.
Debt
The fair values of our Senior Notes and spectrum-backed Senior Secured Notes to third parties were determined based on quoted market prices in active markets. Accordingly, our Senior Notes and spectrum-backed Senior