additional information.
Subsequent to March 31, 2025, on April 15, 2025, we repaid at maturity $
3.0
billion of our
3.500
% Senior Notes due 2025.
Subsequent to March 31, 2025, from April 1, 2025, through April 17, 2025, we repurchased
1,975,200
shares of our common stock at an average price per share of $
259.09
for a total purchase price of $
512
million. See
Note 1
2
- Stockholder Return Program
for additional information.
31
Table of Contents
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (“Form 10-Q”) of T-Mobile US, Inc. (“T-Mobile,” “we,” “our,” “us” or the “Company”) includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, including information concerning our future results of operations, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “could” or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. The following important factors, along with the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and
Part II, Item 1A
of this Form 10-Q, could affect future results and cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements:
•
competition, industry consolidation and changes in the market for wireless communications services and other forms of connectivity;
•
criminal cyberattacks, disruption, data loss or other security breaches;
•
our inability to timely adopt and effectively deploy network technology developments;
•
our inability to effectively execute our digital transformation and drive customer and employee adoption of emerging technologies;
•
our inability to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture;
•
system failures and business disruptions, allowing for unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems;
•
the scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum, and regulations relating to spectrum use;
•
the timing and effects of any pending and future acquisition, divestiture, investment, joint venture or merger involving us, including our inability to obtain any required regulatory approval necessary to consummate any such transactions or to achieve the expected benefits of such transactions;
•
adverse economic, political or market conditions in the U.S. and international markets, including changes resulting from increases in inflation or interest rates, tariffs and trade restrictions, supply chain disruptions,