workforce of Ka’ena and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Of the total provisionally assigned amount of goodwill resulting from the Ka’ena Acquisition of $
777
million, the preliminary amount deductible for tax purposes is $
121
million. All of the goodwill acquired is allocated to the Wireless reporting unit.
Acquisition of UScellular Wireless Operations
On May 24, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with United States Cellular Corporation (“UScellular”), Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., and USCC Wireless Holdings, LLC, pursuant to which, among other things, we will acquire substantially all of UScellular’s wireless operations and select AWS, PCS, 600 MHz, 700 MHz and other spectrum assets for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $
4.4
billion, payable in cash and the assumption of up to $
2.0
billion of debt through an exchange offer to certain UScellular debtholders prior to closing. To the extent any debtholders do not participate in the exchange, their bonds will continue as obligations of UScellular, and the cash portion of the purchase price will be correspondingly increased. The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of certain regulatory approvals. Upon closing of the transaction, we expect to account for the UScellular transaction as a business combination and to consolidate the acquired operations.
9
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Following the closing of the transaction, UScellular will retain ownership of its other spectrum, as well as its towers. Subject to the closing of the transaction, we will enter into a
15-year
master license agreement to lease space on at least
2,100
towers being retained and to extend our tenancy term on approximately
600
towers where we are already leasing space from UScellular for
15
years post-closing. We estimate the incremental future minimum lease payments associated with the master license agreement will be $
1.4
billion over
15
years post-closing.
Acquisition of Vistar Media Inc.
On December 20, 2024, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger for the acquisition of
100
% of the outstanding capital stock of Vistar Media Inc. (“Vistar”), a provider of technology solutions for digital-out-of-home advertisements (the “Vistar Acquisition”).
Upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, on February 3, 2025 (the “Vistar Acquisition Date”), we completed the Vistar Acquisition, and as a result, Vistar became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile. In exchange, T-Mobile transferred cash of $
621
million. A portion of the payment made on the Vistar Acquisition Date was for the settlement of preexisting relationships with Vistar and is excluded from the fair value of consideration transferred.
The financial results of Vistar from the Vistar Acquisition Date through March 31, 2025, were not