current assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The transaction is subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025. The closing of this transaction is not expected to have a material impact on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Grain Management, LLC
On March 20, 2025, we announced that we have agreed in principle to a sale of our 800 MHz spectrum licenses to Grain Management, LLC (“Grain”) in exchange for cash consideration and the receipt of Grain’s 600 MHz spectrum licenses. Although a non-binding term sheet has been entered into, no definitive agreements have been executed. The transaction, if finalized, would be subject to FCC approval and certain other customary closing conditions.
Spectrum Exchange Transactions
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized non-cash spectrum license acquisitions associated with the closing of certain spectrum exchange transactions of $
172
million and $
101
million, respectively.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized gains associated with the closing of certain spectrum exchange transactions of $
12
million and $
25
million, respectively, as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
As of March 31, 2025, $
243
million of spectrum licenses were classified as held for sale within Other assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to spectrum exchange agreements pending regulatory approval and closing, which are expected to close in the next 12 months. The closings of these transactions are not expected to have a significant impact on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Other Intangible Assets
The components of Other intangible assets were as follows:
(1)
Includes intangible assets acquired through our acquisitions. See
Note 2 - Business Combinations
for more information.
Amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization was $
229
million and $
211
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
17
Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
The estimated aggregate future amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization is summarized below:
Note 7 – Fair Value Measurements
The carrying values of Cash and cash equivalents, Accounts receivable and Accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The carrying values of EIP receivables approximate fair value as the receivables are recorded at their present value using an imputed interest rate.
Derivative Financial Instruments
We use derivatives to manage exposure to market risk, such as exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We designate certain derivatives as hedging instruments in a qualifying hedge