“Ka’ena”), and as a result, Ka’ena became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile (the “Ka’ena Acquisition”). The total purchase price is variable, dependent upon specified performance indicators of Ka’ena, and consists of an upfront payment on the Ka’ena Acquisition Date and an earnout payable on August 1, 2026. On the Ka’ena Acquisition Date and in satisfaction of the upfront payment, we transferred $420 million in cash and 3,264,952 shares of T-Mobile common stock valued at $536 million as determined based on its closing market price on April 30, 2024, for a total payment fair value of $956 million. A portion of the upfront payment made on the Ka’ena Acquisition Date was for the settlement of the preexisting wholesale relationship with Ka’ena. The amount of the upfront payment was subject to customary adjustments, and as a result of such adjustments, $17 million of the upfront payment was returned to T-Mobile during the fourth quarter of 2024, which resulted in a commensurate increase in the maximum payable in satisfaction of the earnout.
Based on the adjusted amount paid upfront, up to an additional $420 million in future cash and T-Mobile common stock is payable in satisfaction of the earnout, dependent upon Ka’ena’s achievement of specified performance indicators.
Prior to the Ka’ena Acquisition, Ka’ena was a wholesale partner of the Company for which we recognized service revenues within Wholesale and other service revenues. Upon the closing of the Ka’ena Acquisition, this relationship was effectively terminated, and the Company acquired Ka’ena’s prepaid customer relationships and began to recognize service revenues associated with these customers within Prepaid revenues and operating expenses primarily within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income subsequent to the Ka’ena Acquisition Date.
For more information regarding the Ka’ena Acquisition, see
Note 2 – Business Combinations
of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Acquisition of UScellular Wireless Operations
On May 24, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with United States Cellular Corporation (“UScellular”), Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., and USCC Wireless Holdings, LLC, pursuant to which, among other things, we will acquire substantially all of UScellular’s wireless operations and select spectrum assets for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $4.4 billion, payable in cash and the assumption of up to $2.0 billion of debt through an exchange offer to certain UScellular debtholders prior to closing (the “UScellular Merger”). To the extent any debtholders do not participate in the exchange, their bonds will continue as obligations of UScellular, and the cash portion of the purchase price will be correspondingly increased. The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of certain regulatory approvals. Upon