represent our entire anticipated purchases in the future but represent only those items for which we are contractually committed. Where we are committed to make a minimum payment to the supplier regardless of whether we take delivery, we have included only that minimum payment as a purchase obligation. The acquisition of spectrum licenses is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions.
Related Party Transactions
We have related party transactions associated with DT, SoftBank or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business, including intercompany servicing and licensing.
As of January 24, 2025, DT and SoftBank held, directly or indirectly, approximately 51.5% and 7.5%, respectively, of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock, with the remaining approximately 41.0% of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock held by other stockholders. As a result of the Proxy, Lock-Up and ROFR Agreement, dated April 1, 2020, by and between DT and SoftBank, DT has voting control, as of January 24, 2025, over approximately 58.7% of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock.
Disclosure of Iranian Activities under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and the Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 added Section 13(r) to the Exchange Act. Section 13(r) requires an issuer to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with designated natural persons or entities involved in terrorism or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Disclosure is required even where the activities, transactions or dealings are conducted outside the U.S. by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with applicable law, and whether or not the activities are sanctionable under U.S. law.
As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any activity, transaction or dealing by us or any of our affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2024, that requires disclosure in this report under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, except as set forth below with respect to affiliates that we do not control and that are our affiliates solely due to their common control with either DT or SoftBank. We have relied upon DT and SoftBank for information regarding their respective activities, transactions and dealings.
DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, is party to roaming and interconnect agreements with the following mobile and fixed line telecommunication providers in Iran, some of which are or may be government-controlled entities: Irancell Telecommunications Services Company, Telecommunication Kish Company, Mobile Telecommunication Company of Iran, and Telecommunication Infrastructure Company of Iran. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2024, DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, provided basic telecommunications services to five customers in Germany identified on the