customers can finance all or a portion of the individual device or accessory purchase price over an installment period, generally of 24 months, using an equipment installment plan (“EIP”).
In addition to our wireless communications services, we offer High Speed Internet, which includes a fixed wireless product that utilizes the excess capacity of our nationwide 5G network. Our fixed wireless product is available to tens of millions of domestic households where we currently have excess network capacity, providing, for some consumers, an alternative to traditional landline internet or broadband service providers and expanding access to and choice for some consumers. With our High Speed Internet plan, customers can access the internet without worrying about annual service contracts, data overages or hidden fees.
We also provide products and services that are complementary to our wireless communications services, including device protection, financial services and advertising.
Customers
We provide wireless communications services to a variety of customers needing connectivity, but focus primarily on two categories of customers:
•
Postpaid customers generally are qualified to pay after receiving wireless communications services utilizing phones, High Speed Internet modems, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and internet of things (“IoT”)). We serve consumers as well as business customers, who are provided services under the T-Mobile for Business brand.
•
Prepaid customers generally pay for wireless communications services in advance. We serve prepaid customers under the T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile, Mint Mobile and Ultra Mobile brands.
We provide Machine-to-Machine (“M2M”) and Mobile Virtual Network Operator (“MVNO”) customers access to our network. This access and the customer relationship are managed by wholesale partners, with whom we have commercial agreements permitting them to sell services utilizing our network.
We generate the majority of our service revenues by providing wireless communications services to postpaid and prepaid customers. Our ability to attract and retain postpaid and prepaid customers is important to our business in the generation of service revenues, equipment revenues and other revenues. In 2024, our service revenues generated by providing wireless communications services by customer category were:
•
79% Postpaid customers;
•
16% Prepaid customers; and
•
5% Wholesale and other services.
Substantially all of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were earned in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Network Strategy
Utilizing our multilayer spectrum portfolio, our mission is to become “Famous for Network.” We have deployed low-band, mid-band and mmWave spectrum dedicated for 5G across our dense and broad network to create what we believe is America’s largest, fastest, most awarded