straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
30
to
35
years.
The gross cost of solar energy systems as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
6.79
billion and $
6.87
billion, respectively. Solar energy systems on the consolidated balance sheets are presented net of accumulated depreciation of $
1.86
billion and $
1.64
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
Property, plant and equipment, net, including leasehold improvements, are recognized at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is generally computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, as follows:
Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. AI infrastructure includes our owned data centers.
Upon the retirement or sale of our property, plant and equipment, the cost and associated accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheet, and the resulting gain or loss is reflected on the consolidated statement of operations. Maintenance and repair expenditures are expensed as incurred while major improvements that increase the functionality, output or expected life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated ratably over the identified useful life.
Long-Lived Assets Including Acquired Intangible Assets
We review our property, plant and equipment, solar energy systems, long-term prepayments and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability by comparing the carrying amount to the future undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. If the asset is not recoverable, its carrying amount would be adjusted down to its fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we have recognized no material impairments of our long-lived assets.
Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from
seven
to
thirty years
.
Goodwill
We assess goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, by comparing its carrying value to the reporting unit’s fair value.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, we did
no
t recognize any impairment of goodwill.
64
Capitalization of Software Costs
We capitalize costs incurred in the development of internal use software, during the application development stage to Property, plant and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Such costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life of
three
to
five years
.
Software development costs incurred in development of software to be sold, leased, or