regulations applicable to solar and battery storage providers and sellers of electricity. To operate our systems, we enter into standard interconnection agreements with applicable utilities. Sales of electricity and non-sale equipment leases by third parties, such as our leases and PPAs, have faced regulatory challenges in some states and jurisdictions.
Solar Energy—Net Metering
Most states in the U.S. make net energy metering, or net metering, available to solar customers. Net metering typically allows solar customers to interconnect their solar energy systems to the utility grid and offset their utility electricity purchases by receiving a bill credit for excess energy generated by their solar energy system that is exported to the grid. In certain jurisdictions, regulators or utilities have reduced or eliminated the benefit available under net metering or have proposed to do so.
Competition
Automotive
The worldwide automotive market is highly competitive and we expect it will become even more competitive in the future as a significant and growing number of established and new automobile manufacturers, as well as other companies, have entered, or are reported to have plans to enter the electric vehicle market.
We believe that our vehicles compete in the market based on both their traditional segment classification as well as their propulsion technology. For example, Cybertruck competes with other pickup trucks, Model S and Model X compete primarily with premium sedans and premium SUVs and Model 3 and Model Y compete with small to medium-sized sedans and compact SUVs, all of which are extremely competitive markets. Competing products typically include internal combustion vehicles from more established automobile manufacturers; however, many established and new automobile manufacturers have entered or have announced plans to enter the market for electric and other alternative fuel vehicles. Overall, we believe these announcements and vehicle introductions promote the development of the electric vehicle market by highlighting the attractiveness of electric vehicles relative to internal combustion vehicles. Many major automobile manufacturers have electric vehicles available today in major markets including the U.S., China and Europe, and other current and prospective automobile manufacturers are also developing electric vehicles. In addition, several manufacturers offer hybrid vehicles, including plug-in versions.
9
Table of Contents
We believe that there is also increasing competition for our vehicle offerings as a platform for delivering self-driving technologies, charging solutions and other features and services, and we expect to compete in this developing market through continued progress on our Autopilot, FSD (Supervised) and neural network capabilities, Supercharger network and our infotainment offerings.
Energy Generation and Storage
Energy Storage Systems
The market for energy storage products is also highly competitive, and both