recognized over time. For our obligations related to automotive sales, we estimate standalone selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third-party pricing of similar options and other information that may be available.
Any fees that are paid or payable by us to a customer’s lender when we arrange the financing are recognized upfront as an offset against automotive sales revenue. Costs to obtain a contract mainly relate to commissions for the sale of vehicles. As our contract costs related to automotive sales are typically fulfilled within one year, the costs to obtain a contract are expensed as incurred. Amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling are classified as automotive sales revenue, and we have elected to recognize the cost for freight and shipping when control over vehicles, parts or accessories have transferred to the customer as an expense in cost of automotive sales revenue. Our policy is to exclude taxes collected from a customer from the transaction price of automotive contracts.
We offer resale value guarantees to our commercial banking partners in connection with certain vehicle leasing programs. Under these programs, we originate the lease with our end customer and immediately transfer the lease and the underlying vehicle to our commercial banking partner, with the transaction being accounted for as a sale under ASC 606.
54
We receive upfront payment for the vehicle, do not bear casualty and credit risks during the lease term, and we provide a guarantee capped to a limit if they are unable to sell the vehicle at or above the vehicle’s contractual or determined residual value at the end of the lease term. We estimate a guarantee liability in accordance with ASC 460,
Guarantees
and record it within other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. On a quarterly basis, we assess the estimated market value of vehicles sold under these programs to determine whether there have been changes to the amount of expected resale value guarantee liabilities. As we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be material changes to their estimated values. The total recorded guarantee liabilities on vehicles sold under these programs were immaterial as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. Our maximum exposure on the guarantees we provide if they are unable to sell the vehicle at or above the vehicle’s contractual residual value at the end of the lease term was $
1.45
billion and $
166
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Deferred revenue related to the access to our FSD (Supervised) features and their ongoing maintenance, internet connectivity, free Supercharging programs and over-the-air software updates primarily on automotive sales consisted of the following (in millions):
Deferred revenue is equivalent to the total transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially