financial instruments that are not re-measured at fair value include accounts receivable, financing receivables, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, customer deposits and debt. The carrying values of these financial instruments materially approximate their fair values.
Note 6 –
Inventory
Our inventory consisted of the following (in millions):
(1)
Finished goods inventory includes products-in-transit to fulfill customer orders, new vehicles, used vehicles and energy products available for sale.
We write-down inventory for any excess or obsolete inventory or when we believe that the net realizable value of inventory is less than the carrying value. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recorded write-downs of $
190
million, $
233
million and $
144
million, respectively, in Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations.
71
Note 7 –
Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
Our property, plant and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions):
Construction in progress is primarily comprised of ongoing construction and expansion of our facilities, equipment and tooling related to the manufacturing of our products as well as AI-related assets which have not yet been placed in service. Completed assets are transferred to their respective asset classes and depreciation begins when an asset is ready for its intended use.
Depreciation expense during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
4.12
billion, $
3.33
billion and $
2.42
billion, respectively.
Note 8 –
Accrued Liabilities and Other
Our accrued liabilities and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):
(1)
Accrued purchases primarily reflects receipts of goods and services for which we had not yet been invoiced. As we are invoiced for these goods and services, this balance will reduce and accounts payable will increase.
(2)
Taxes payable primarily includes value added tax, income tax, sales tax, property tax and use tax payables.
72
Note 9 –
Other Long-Term Liabilities
Our other long-term liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):
Note 10 –
Debt
The following is a summary of our debt and finance leases as of December 31, 2024 (in millions):
The following is a summary of our debt and finance leases as of December 31, 2023 (in millions):
(1)
There are no restrictions on draw-down or use for general corporate purposes with respect to any available committed funds under our RCF Credit Agreement, except certain specified conditions prior to draw-down. Refer to the section below for the terms of the facility.
(2)
The contractual maturity date of the China Working Capital Facility is April 2025, renewable until March 2026 at our discretion. As we have the intent and ability to refinance the loan on a long-term basis, we recorded it in Debt and finance leases, net of current portion in the consolidated balance sheets.
73
Recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse to our general assets. Non-