financing receivables were at current status with an immaterial balance being past due. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the majority of our financing receivables, excluding MyPower notes receivable, were originated in 2023 and 2022.
We have customer notes receivable under the legacy MyPower loan program, which provided residential customers with the option to finance the purchase of a solar energy system through a
30-year
loan and were all originated prior to year 2018. The outstanding balances, net of any allowance for expected credit losses, are presented on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and as Other non-current assets for the long-term portion. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the total outstanding balance of MyPower customer notes receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses, was $
248
million and $
266
million, respectively, of which $
4
million and $
5
million were due in the next 12 months as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the allowance for expected credit losses was $
33
million and $
36
million, respectively.
62
Concentration of Risk
Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, investments, restricted cash, accounts receivable and other finance receivables. Our cash and investments balances are primarily on deposit at high credit quality financial institutions or invested in highly rated, investment-grade securities. These deposits are typically in excess of insured limits. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, no entity represented 10% or more of our total receivables balance.
Supply Risk
We are dependent on our suppliers, including single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of our products in a timely manner at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently manage these components from these suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
Inventory Valuation
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy products, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. We record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about current and future demand forecasts. If our inventory on-hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written-off.
We also review our inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert the inventory on-hand into a finished product. Once inventory is written-down, a new, lower cost basis for that