of ownership for our customers through continuous efforts to reduce manufacturing costs and by offering financial and other services tailored to our products.
Our mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We believe that this mission, along with our engineering expertise, vertically integrated business model and focus on user experience differentiate us from other companies.
Segment Information
We operate as two reportable segments: (i) automotive and (ii) energy generation and storage.
The automotive segment includes the design, development, manufacturing, sales and leasing of high-performance fully electric vehicles as well as sales of automotive regulatory credits. Additionally, the automotive segment also includes services and other, which includes sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision, part sales, paid Supercharging, insurance services revenue and retail merchandise sales. The energy generation and storage segment includes the design, manufacture, installation, sales and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products and related services and sales of solar energy systems incentives.
Our Products and Services
Automotive
We currently manufacture five different consumer vehicles – the Model 3, Y, S, X and Cybertruck. Model 3 is a four-door mid-size sedan that we designed for manufacturability with a base price for mass-market appeal. Model Y is a compact sport utility vehicle (“SUV”) built on the Model 3 platform with seating for up to seven adults. Model S is a four-door full-size sedan and Model X is a mid-size SUV with seating for up to seven adults. Model S and Model X feature the highest performance characteristics and longest ranges that we offer in a sedan and SUV, respectively. In November 2023, we entered the consumer pickup truck market with first deliveries of the Cybertruck, a full-size electric pickup truck with a stainless steel exterior that has the utility and strength of a truck while featuring the speed of a sports car.
In 2022, we also began early production and deliveries of a commercial electric vehicle, the Tesla Semi. We have planned electric vehicles to address additional vehicle markets, and continue leveraging developments in our proprietary Full Self-Driving (“FSD”) (Supervised) features, including through our purpose-built Robotaxi product - Cybercab, and battery cell and other technologies. For purposes of this filing, use of the term “FSD (Supervised)” includes the equivalent naming convention, “FSD (Capability)” that is used in the European, Middle East and Asia-Pacific regions.
Energy Generation and Storage
Energy Storage Products
Powerwall and Megapack are our lithium-ion battery energy storage products. Powerwall, which we sell directly to customers, as well as through channel partners, is designed to store energy at a home or small commercial facility. Megapack is an energy storage solution for commercial, industrial, utility and