free under certain sales programs. In November 2021, we began to offer Supercharger access to non-Tesla vehicles in certain locations in support of our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy, and in November 2022, we opened up our previously proprietary charging connector as the North American Charging Standard (NACS). This enables electric vehicles and charging stations to interoperate
—
which makes charging easier and more efficient for everyone and advances our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy.
Following this, all major automotive companies announced their adoption of NACS in certain markets, with their access to the Supercharger network beginning in phases in 2024 and their production of NACS vehicles beginning no later than 2025. We also engaged SAE International to govern NACS as an industry standard, now named J3400. We continue to monitor and increase our network of Tesla Superchargers in anticipation of future demand.
We also work with a wide variety of hospitality, retail and public destinations, as well as businesses with commuting employees, to offer additional charging options for our customers, as well as single-family homeowners and multi-family residential entities, to deploy home charging solutions.
In-App Upgrades
As our vehicles are capable of being updated remotely over-the-air, our customers may purchase additional paid options and features through the Tesla app or through the in-vehicle user interface. We expect that this functionality will also allow us to offer certain options and features on a subscription basis in the future.
Energy Generation and Storage
We market and sell our solar and energy storage products to residential, commercial and industrial customers and utilities through a variety of channels, including through our website, stores and galleries, as well as through our network of channel partners, and in the case of some commercial customers, through PPA transactions. We emphasize simplicity, standardization and accessibility to make it easy and cost-effective for customers to adopt clean energy, while reducing our customer acquisition costs.
Service and Warranty
Automotive
Service
We provide service for our electric vehicles at our company-owned service locations and through Tesla Mobile Service technicians who perform work remotely at customers’ homes or other locations. Servicing the vehicles ourselves allows us to identify problems and implement solutions and improvements faster than traditional automobile manufacturers and their dealer networks. The connectivity of our vehicles also allows us to diagnose and remedy many problems remotely and proactively.
Vehicle Limited Warranties and Extended Service Plans
We provide a manufacturer’s limited warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles we sell directly to consumers, which may include limited warranties on certain components, specific types of damage or battery capacity retention. We also