disclosures to which it relates.
Automotive Warranty Reserve
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, total accrued warranty, which primarily relates to the automotive segment, was $6,716 million as of December 31, 2024. The Company provides a manufacturer’s warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles. A warranty reserve is accrued for these products sold, which includes management’s best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranty and recalls if identified. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the automotive warranty reserve is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in determining the automotive warranty reserve for certain Tesla vehicle models; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to the nature, frequency and costs of future claims for certain Tesla vehicle models; and, (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s estimate of the automotive warranty reserve for certain Tesla vehicle models, including controls over management’s significant assumptions related to the nature, frequency and costs of future claims as well as the completeness and accuracy of actual claims incurred to date. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of historical vehicle claims processed and testing that such claims were appropriately used by management in the estimation of future claims and (ii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management’s estimate by (a) developing an independent estimate of the automotive warranty reserve for certain Tesla vehicle models and (b) comparing the independent estimate to management’s estimate. Developing the independent estimate involved evaluating the appropriateness of certain aspects of management’s significant assumptions related to the nature and frequency of future claims.
/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
January 29, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2005.
47
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions, except per share data)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
48
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in millions, except per share data)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial