for prepaid plans are refundable upon customer cancellation of the related contracts and are included within Accrued liabilities and other on the consolidated balance sheets. We record in Deferred revenue any non-refundable prepayment amounts that are collected from customers and unearned insurance premiums, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term. Deferred revenue excluding unearned insurance premiums was not material as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Energy Generation and Storage Segment
Energy Generation and Storage Sales
Energy generation and storage sales revenue consists of the sale of solar energy systems and energy storage systems to residential, small commercial, large commercial and utility grade customers. Sales of solar energy systems to residential and small-scale commercial customers consist of the engineering, design and installation of the system. Residential and small-scale commercial customers pay the full purchase price of the solar energy system upfront. Revenue for the design and installation obligation is recognized when control transfers, which is when we install a solar energy system and the system passes inspection by the utility or the authority having jurisdiction. Sales of energy storage systems to residential and small-scale commercial customers consist of the installation of the energy storage system and revenue is recognized when control transfers, which is when the product has been delivered or, if we are performing installation, when installed and commissioned. Payment for such storage systems is made upon invoice or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business.
56
For certain large commercial and utility grade energy storage system sales which consist of the engineering, design and installation of the system, customers make milestone payments that are consistent with contract-specific phases of a project. Revenue from such contracts is recognized over time using the percentage of completion method based on cost incurred as a percentage of total estimated contract costs for energy storage system sales.
In instances where there are multiple performance obligations in a single contract, we allocate the consideration to the various obligations in the contract based on the relative standalone selling price method. Standalone selling prices are estimated based on estimated costs plus margin or by using market data for comparable products. Costs to obtain a contract relate mainly to commissions paid to our sales personnel related to the sale of energy storage systems. As our contract costs related to energy storage system sales are typically fulfilled within one year, the costs to obtain a contract are expensed as incurred.
As part of certain energy storage system contracts, we may provide the customer with performance guarantees that warrant that the underlying system will meet or exceed the minimum energy performance requirements specified in the contract. If an