the production and increasing the market penetration of our energy storage products.
In 2024, we recognized total revenues of $97.69 billion, representing an increase of $917 million compared to the prior year. In 2024, our net income attributable to common stockholders was $7.09 billion, representing a decrease of $7.91 billion compared to the prior year, primarily due to the impact of releasing $6.54 billion of our valuation allowance associated with U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of 2023.We continue to ramp production and build and optimize our manufacturing capacity, expand our operations while focusing on further cost reductions and operational efficiencies to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products, and invest in research and development to accelerate our AI, software, and fleet-based profits for further revenue growth.
We ended 2024 with $36.56 billion in cash and cash equivalents and investments, representing an increase of $7.47 billion from the end of 2023. Our cash flows provided by operating activities were $14.92 billion in 2024 compared to $13.26 billion in 2023, representing an increase of $1.67 billion. Capital expenditures amounted to $11.34 billion in 2024 compared to $8.90 billion in 2023, representing an increase of $2.44 billion. Overall growth has allowed our business to generally fund itself, and we will continue investing in a number of capital-intensive projects and research and development in upcoming periods.
32
Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2025 Outlook
Automotive—Production
The following is a summary of the status of production of each of our announced vehicle models in production and under development, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
We are focused on growing our manufacturing capacity, which includes capacity for manufacturing newer vehicle models such as our Cybertruck, Tesla Semi and future vehicles utilizing aspects of our next generation platform, and ramping the production at our Gigafactories to their installed production capacities as well as increasing production rate and efficiency at our current factories. The next phase of production growth will depend on the continued ramp at our factories and be initiated by advances in autonomy and the introduction of new products, including those built on our next generation vehicle platform, as well as our ability to add to our available sources of battery cell supply by manufacturing our own cells that we are developing to have high-volume output, lower capital and production costs and longer range. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs and increase affordability and customer awareness.
These plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by new product and manufacturing technologies we introduce, the number of concurrent international projects, any