energy storage system does not meet the performance guarantee requirements, we may be required to pay liquidated damages. Other forms of variable consideration related to our large commercial and utility grade energy storage system contracts include variable customer payments that will be made based on our energy market participation activities. Such guarantees and variable customer payments represent a form of variable consideration and are estimated at contract inception at their most likely amount and updated at the end of each reporting period as additional performance data becomes available. Such estimates are included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable a significant reversal of revenue will not occur.
We record as deferred revenue any non-refundable amounts that are primarily related to prepayments from customers, which is recognized as revenue as or when the performance obligations are satisfied. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, deferred revenue related to such customer payments amounted to $
1.77
billion and $
1.60
billion, respectively, mainly due to contractual payment terms. Revenue recognized from the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $
1.27
billion and $
571
million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We have elected the practical expedient to omit disclosure of the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for energy generation and storage sales with an original expected contract length of one year or less and the amount that we have the right to invoice when that amount corresponds directly with the value of the performance to date. As of December 31, 2024, total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with an original expected length of more than one year was $
7.18
billion. Of this amount, we expect to recognize $
4.51
billion in the next
12
months and the rest over the remaining performance obligation period.
We have financing receivables on our consolidated balance sheets related to loans we provide for financing our energy products. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had current net financing receivables of $
34
million and $
31
million, respectively, in Accounts receivable, net, and $
658
million and $
578
million, respectively, in Other non-current assets for the long-term portion.
Energy Generation and Storage Leasing
For revenue arrangements where we are the lessor under operating lease agreements for energy generation and storage products, we record lease revenue from minimum lease payments, including upfront rebates and incentives earned from such systems, on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease term, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. The difference between the payments received and the revenue recognized is recorded as deferred revenue or deferred asset on the consolidated balance