settlement to stockholders of record as of July 14, 2023. The Court held a hearing regarding the settlement on October 13, 2023, after which it took the settlement and Plaintiff’s counsel fees request under advisement. On January 8, 2025, the Court approved the settlement and awarded Plaintiff’s counsel fees in the amount of approximately $
176
million. A final judgment was entered by the Court on January 13, 2025.
The Company disagrees with the amount of attorneys’ fees awarded by the court. On February 10, 2025, Tesla appealed the attorneys’ fee award amount to the Delaware Supreme Court. Tesla did not appeal the Delaware Court of Chancery’s approval of the underlying settlement. Also on February 10, 2025, a single shareholder appealed the approval of the settlement. This shareholder’s appeal does not seek to alter any material terms (e.g., financial contributions or the defendants’ obligations under the Settlement Agreement). The Delaware Court of Chancery had previously rejected this shareholder’s objections when approving the Settlement Agreement.
Because neither Tesla’s appeal nor the shareholder’s appeal seeks to vacate the Settlement Agreement or materially modify its terms, the Company expects to implement the provisions of the Settlement Agreement in May 2025 by cancelling the options requiring cancellation under its terms.
In connection with the settlement, Tesla received $
277
million from certain directors and paid Plaintiff’s counsel fees of $
176
million (which, as noted above, the Company is appealing) in the three months ended March 31, 2025. We have recorded a $
31
million reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense in association with the returned awards and increased our provision for income taxes in relation to the return of directors’ compensation. As the settlement was an equity transaction, the net impact to additional paid-in-capital was $
110
million in the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Litigation Relating to Potential Going Private Transaction
Between October 17, 2018 and March 8, 2021,
seven
derivative lawsuits were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against Mr. Musk and the members of Tesla’s board of directors, as constituted at relevant times, in relation to statements made and actions connected to a potential going private transaction, with certain of the lawsuits challenging additional Twitter posts by Mr. Musk, among other things. Several of those actions were consolidated, and all have been stayed. In addition to these cases,
two
derivative lawsuits were filed on October 25, 2018 and February 11, 2019 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against Mr. Musk and the members of the Tesla board of directors as then constituted. Those cases have also been consolidated.
On October 21, 2022, a lawsuit was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery by a purported shareholder of Tesla alleging, among other