a jury rendered a verdict in favor of the defendants on all counts. After trial, plaintiffs filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law and a motion for new trial, which the Court denied and judgement was entered in favor of defendants on July 11, 2023. On November 6, 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the district court’s dismissal of all claims.
Between October 17, 2018 and March 8, 2021,
seven
derivative lawsuits were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against Mr. Musk and the members of Tesla’s board of directors, as constituted at relevant times, in relation to statements made and actions connected to a potential going private transaction, with certain of the lawsuits challenging additional Twitter posts by Mr. Musk, among other things. Several of those actions were consolidated, and all have been stayed. In addition to these cases,
two
derivative lawsuits were filed on October 25, 2018 and February 11, 2019 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against Mr. Musk and the members of the Tesla board of directors as then constituted. Those cases have also been consolidated and stayed.
85
On October 21, 2022, a lawsuit was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery by a purported shareholder of Tesla alleging, among other things, that board members breached their fiduciary duties in connection with their oversight of the Company’s 2018 settlement with the SEC, as amended. Among other things, the plaintiff seeks reforms to the Company’s corporate governance and internal procedures, unspecified damages, and attorneys’ fees. The lawsuit has been stayed pending resolution of a motion to consolidate certain derivative lawsuits in the Delaware Court of Chancery referenced below.
On November 15, 2021, JPMorgan Chase Bank filed a lawsuit against Tesla in the Southern District of New York alleging breach of a stock warrant agreement that was entered into as part of a convertible notes offering in 2014. Tesla denied any wrongdoing and filed multiple counterclaims. On November 27, 2024, the parties agreed to settle their claims.
Certain Derivative Lawsuits in Delaware
Before converting from a Delaware to Texas corporation on June 13, 2024, three separate derivative actions brought by purported Tesla stockholders were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery on May 24, June 10 and June 13, 2024, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against current and former directors regarding topics involving Elon Musk and others, X Corp. (formerly Twitter) and x.AI. These suits assert various claims, including breach of fiduciary duty and breach of contract, and seek unspecified damages and other relief. On August 6, 2024, the plaintiffs in these three actions moved to consolidate the matters into a single case. The Court consolidated two of the three cases.
Litigation and Investigations Relating to Alleged Discrimination and Harassment
On February 9,