during the three months ended March 31, 2025 from $242 million during the three months ended March 31, 2024. This increase was primarily due to favorable changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $2.11 billion, partially offset by a decrease in net income excluding non-cash expenses, gains and losses of $193 million.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash flows from investing activities and their variability across each period related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $1.49 billion and $2.78 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, mainly for AI-related capital expenditures, global factory expansion, machinery and equipment as we expand and enhance our product roadmap. We also purchased $159 million and $2.31 billion of short-term investments, net of proceeds from maturities and sales, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash flows from financing activities changed by $528 million to $332 million net cash outflows during the three months ended March 31, 2025 from $196 million net cash inflows during the three months ended March 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to a $710 million increase in repayments of debt and a $151 million decrease in proceeds from issuances of debt. See Note 7,
Debt
, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details regarding our debt obligations. Additionally, the decrease was partially offset by a $101 million decrease in payments for buy-outs of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries and $101 million of proceeds received from directors in shareholder settlement net of payment for related legal fees during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
32
Table of Contents
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Foreign Currency Risk
We transact business globally in multiple currencies and hence have foreign currency risks related to our revenue, costs of revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (primarily the Chinese yuan and euro in relation to our current year operations). In general, we are a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar for our foreign subsidiaries. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates affect our operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars as we do not typically hedge foreign currency risk.
We have also experienced, and will continue to experience, fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the local currency (primarily consisting of our intercompany and cash and cash equivalents balances).
We considered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it is reasonably possible that adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 10% for all currencies