compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to higher interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments compared to the prior year due to an increase in our portfolio balance and a higher weighted average interest rate.
40
Other Income (Expense), Net
Other income (expense), net, consists of foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities and fair value remeasurements of our digital assets following the adoption of ASU 2023-08 effective January 1, 2024. See Note 2,
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details.
Other income (expense), net, changed favorably by $523 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 primarily due to remeasurement of our bitcoin digital assets to fair value in 2024 (see above), partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our intercompany balances. As our intercompany balances are significant in nature and we do not typically hedge foreign currency risk, we can experience significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses from period to period.
Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes
Our provision for (benefit from) income taxes changed by $6.84 billion in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Our effective tax rate changed to an expense of 20% in the year ended December 31, 2024 from a benefit of 50% in the year ended December 31, 2023. These changes are primarily due to the impact of releasing the valuation allowance on our U.S. deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of 2023.
We monitor the realizability of our deferred tax assets taking into account all relevant factors at each reporting period. In the fourth quarter of 2023, based on the relevant weight of positive and negative evidence, including the amount of our taxable income in recent years which was objective and verifiable, and consideration of our expected future taxable earnings, we concluded that it is more likely than not that most of our U.S. federal and certain state deferred tax assets are realizable and released $6.54 billion of our valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2024, we continue to conclude that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets are realizable, except for our California deferred tax assets, U.S. foreign tax credits and certain foreign operating losses.
See Note 13,
Income Taxes
, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We expect to continue to generate net positive operating cash flow. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and