patchwork increases the legal complexity with respect to self-driving vehicles in the U.S.
In markets that follow the regulations of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (“
ECE markets
”), some requirements restrict the design of advanced driver-assistance or self-driving features, which can compromise or prevent their use entirely. Other applicable laws, both current and proposed, may hinder or complicate the path and timeline to introducing self-driving vehicles for sale and use in the markets where they apply.
Other key markets, including China, continue to consider self-driving regulation. Any implemented regulations may differ materially from the U.S. and ECE markets, which may further increase the legal complexity of self-driving vehicles and limit or prevent certain features.
8
Table of Contents
Automobile Manufacturer and Dealer Regulation
In the U.S., state laws regulate the manufacture, distribution, sale and service of automobiles, and generally require motor vehicle manufacturers and dealers to be licensed in order to sell vehicles directly to residents. Certain states have asserted that the laws in such states do not permit automobile manufacturers to be licensed as dealers or to act in the capacity of a dealer, or that they otherwise restrict a manufacturer’s ability to deliver or perform warranty repairs on vehicles. To sell vehicles to residents of states where we are not licensed as a dealer, we generally conduct the sale out of the state. In certain such states, we have opened “galleries” that serve an educational purpose and where sales may not occur.
Some automobile dealer trade associations have both challenged the legality of our operations in court and used administrative and legislative processes to attempt to prohibit or limit our ability to operate existing stores or expand to new locations. Certain dealer associations have also actively lobbied state licensing agencies and legislators to interpret existing laws or enact new laws in ways not favorable to our ownership and operation of our own retail and service locations. We expect such challenges to continue, and we intend to actively fight any such efforts.
Battery Safety and Testing
Our battery packs are subject to various U.S. and international regulations that govern transport of “dangerous goods,” defined to include lithium-ion batteries, which may present a risk in transportation. We conduct testing to demonstrate our compliance with such regulations.
We use lithium-ion cells in our high voltage battery packs in our vehicles and energy storage products. The use, storage and disposal of our battery packs are regulated under existing laws and are the subject of ongoing regulatory changes that may add additional requirements in the future. We have agreements with third party battery recycling companies to recycle our battery packs, and we are also piloting our own recycling technology.
Solar Energy—General
We are subject to certain state and federal