2025, we expect to recognize $
780
million of revenue in the next
12
months. The remaining balance will be recognized at the time of transfer of control of the product or over the performance period.
We have financing receivables on our consolidated balance sheets related to loans we provide for financing our automotive deliveries. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had current net financing receivables of $
243
million and $
247
million, respectively, in Accounts receivable, net, and $
747
million and $
821
million, respectively, in Other non-current assets for the long-term portion.
We offer resale value guarantees to our commercial banking partners in connection with certain vehicle leasing programs. Under these programs, we originate the lease with our end customer and immediately transfer the lease and the underlying vehicle to our commercial banking partner, with the transaction being accounted for as a sale under ASC 606,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
.
We receive upfront payment for the vehicle, do not bear casualty and credit risks during the lease term, and we provide a guarantee capped to a limit if they are unable to sell the vehicle at or above the vehicle’s contractual or determined residual value at the end of the lease term. We estimate a guarantee liability in accordance with ASC 460,
Guarantees
and record it within other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. On a quarterly basis, we assess the estimated market value of vehicles sold under these programs to determine whether there have been changes to the amount of expected resale value guarantee liabilities. As we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be material changes to their estimated values. The total recorded guarantee liabilities on vehicles sold under these programs were immaterial as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Our maximum exposure on the guarantees we provide if they are unable to sell the vehicle at or above the vehicle’s contractual residual value at the end of the lease term was $
1.90
billion and $
1.45
billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Automotive Regulatory Credits
As of March 31, 2025, total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with an original expected length of more than one year was $
4.58
billion. Of this amount, we expect to recognize $
1.46
billion in the next
12
months and the rest over the remaining performance obligation period. Additionally, changes in regulations on automotive regulatory credits may significantly impact our remaining performance obligations and revenue to be recognized under these contracts.
Automotive Leasing Revenue
Direct Sales-Type Leasing Program
Lease receivables relating to sales-type leases are presented on the consolidated balance sheets as follows (in millions):
10
Table of Contents
Energy Generation and