require significant management attention, and may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results if we are unable to manage them effectively.
We will need to maintain public credibility and confidence in our long-term business prospects in order to succeed.
In order to maintain and grow our business, we must maintain credibility and confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts, investors, ratings agencies and other parties in our long-term financial viability and business prospects. Maintaining such confidence may be challenging due to our limited operating history relative to established competitors; customer unfamiliarity with our products; any delays we may experience in scaling manufacturing, delivery and service operations to meet demand; competition and uncertainty regarding the future of electric vehicles or our other products and services; our quarterly production and sales performance compared with market expectations; and other factors including those over which we have no control. In particular, Tesla’s products, business, results of operations, and statements and actions of Tesla and its management are subject to significant amounts of commentary by a range of third parties. Such attention can include criticism, which may be exaggerated or unfounded, such as speculation regarding the sufficiency or stability of our management team, and has incited protests, some escalating to violence targeting our operations, products and personnel. Any such negative perceptions, whether caused by us or not, may harm our brand and our business (including sales) and make it more difficult to raise additional funds if needed.
ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
None.
34
Table of Contents
ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES
None.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
None of the Company’s directors or officers
adopted
, modified or
terminated
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company’s fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
The Board has not yet established the date of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. When the date is established, the Company will announce it in its filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Additionally, the Company’s Board of Directors has established a Special Committee to consider certain compensation matters involving Mr. Musk.
ITEM 6. EXHIBITS
See Index to Exhibits at the end of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the information required by this Item.
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
*    Furnished herewith
†             Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv)
35
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by