manufacturing equipment; and we are responsible for any construction or equipment costs in excess of such amount (refer to Note 14,
Commitments and Contingencies
). This incentive reduces the related lease costs of the facility within the Energy generation and storage cost of revenues and operating expense line items in our consolidated statements of operations and was not material for any period presented.
Gigafactory Shanghai—Land Use Rights and Economic Benefits
We have an agreement with the local government of Shanghai for land use rights at Gigafactory Shanghai. Under the terms of the arrangement, we are required to meet a cumulative capital expenditure target and an annual tax revenue target starting at the end of 2023. In addition, the Shanghai government has granted to our Gigafactory Shanghai subsidiary certain incentives to be used in connection with eligible capital investments at Gigafactory Shanghai (refer to Note 14,
Commitments and Contingencies
). Incentives that offset costs of our facilities are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the capital investment within the Property, plant and equipment, net line item in our consolidated balance sheets and incentives related to our manufacturing operations are recorded as an offset to cost of revenues in our consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the amounts received were immaterial.
Nevada Tax Incentives
In connection with the construction of Gigafactory Nevada, we entered into agreements in 2014 with the State of Nevada and Storey County in Nevada that provide abatements for specified taxes, discounts to the base tariff energy rates and transferable tax credits of up to $
195
million in consideration of capital investment and hiring targets that were met at Gigafactory Nevada.
66
Gigafactory Texas Tax Incentives
In connection with the construction of Gigafactory Texas, we entered into a
20-year
agreement in 2020 with Travis County in Texas pursuant to which we would receive grant funding equal to
70
-
80
% of property taxes paid by us to Travis County and a separate
10-year
agreement in 2020 with the Del Valle Independent School District in Texas pursuant to which a portion of the taxable value of our property would be capped at a specified amount, in each case subject to our meeting certain minimum economic development metrics through our construction and operations at Gigafactory Texas. This incentive is recorded as a reduction of the related expenses within the Cost of automotive revenues and operating expense line items of our consolidated statements of operations.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the grant funding related to property taxes paid were immaterial.
Defined Contribution Plan
We have a 401(k) savings plan in the U.S. that is intended to qualify as a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code and a number of savings plans internationally. Under the 401(k) savings