liquidity during the 12-month period following March 31, 2025, as well as in the long-term.
See the sections below for more details regarding the material requirements for cash in our business and our sources of liquidity to meet such needs.
Material Cash Requirements
From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with vendors for the purchase of components and raw materials to be used in the manufacture of our products. However, due to contractual terms, variability in the precise growth curves of our development and production ramps, and opportunities to renegotiate pricing, we generally do not have binding and enforceable purchase orders under such contracts beyond the short-term, and the timing and magnitude of purchase orders beyond such period is difficult to accurately project.
31
Table of Contents
As discussed in and subject to the considerations referenced in Part I, Item 2,
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2025 Outlook—Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we currently expect our capital expenditures to support our projects globally to exceed $10.00 billion in 2025. Changes in trade policy may necessitate adjustments to our project timelines, potentially impacting our capital expenditure expectations.
As of March 31, 2025, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding $7.27 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, of which $2.17 billion is current. For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 7,
Debt,
to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Sources and Conditions of Liquidity
Our sources to fund our material cash requirements are predominantly from our deliveries and servicing of new and used vehicles, sales and installations of our energy storage products, interest income, and proceeds from debt facilities and equity offerings, when applicable.
As of March 31, 2025, we had $16.35 billion and $20.64 billion of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, respectively. Balances held in foreign currencies had a U.S. dollar equivalent of $2.81 billion and consisted primarily of Chinese yuan and euros. We had $5.00 billion of unused committed credit amounts as of March 31, 2025. For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 7,
Debt
, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
We continue adapting our strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government securities and other investments, investing in autonomy, further vertically integrating our supply chain, expanding our product roadmap and providing financing options to our customers.
Summary of Cash Flows
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1.91 billion to $2.16 billion