inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
Should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material write-downs may be required. A small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
Operating Lease Vehicles
Vehicles that are leased as part of our direct vehicle leasing program are classified as operating lease vehicles at cost less accumulated depreciation. We generally depreciate their cost, less residual value, using the straight-line-method to cost of automotive leasing revenue over the contractual period.
The gross cost of operating lease vehicles as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
7.03
billion and $
7.36
billion, respectively. Operating lease vehicles on the consolidated balance sheets are presented net of accumulated depreciation of $
1.45
billion and $
1.38
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Digital Assets, Net
We account for all digital assets held as crypto assets, a subset of indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350-60,
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Crypto Assets
. We have ownership of and control over our digital assets and we may use third-party custodial services to secure it. The digital assets are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently remeasured on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. Periods prior to January 1, 2024 include digital assets at cost, net of impairment losses incurred since their acquisition.
We determine and record the fair value of our digital assets in accordance with ASC 820,
Fair Value Measurement
(“ASC 820”), based on quoted prices on the active exchange(s) that we have determined is the principal market for such assets (Level I inputs). We determine the cost basis of our digital assets using the specific identification of each unit received. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are now recorded to Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of operations.
63
For periods prior to January 1, 2024, impairment losses were recognized within
Restructuring and other
in the consolidated statements of operations in the period in which the impairment was identified. Also for periods prior to January 1, 2024, gains were not recorded until realized upon sale(s), at which point they were presented net of any impairment losses for the same digital assets held within Restructuring and other. In determining the gain to be recognized upon sale, we calculate the difference between the sales price and carrying value of the digital assets sold immediately prior to sale.
See Note 3,
Digital Assets, Net
, for further information regarding digital assets.
Solar Energy Systems, Net
We are the lessor of solar energy systems, which are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of solar energy systems is calculated using the