programs noted above help to directly and indirectly support these employees.
At Tesla, our employees’ passion is what powers our mission. Everyone is expected to be trustworthy, demonstrate excellence in their performance and collaborate with others. Our factories, offices, stores and service centers are places where our employees have opportunities to enhance their skills and gain experience, which is essential for Tesla’s growth.
12
Table of Contents
With this in mind, we will not tolerate certain behaviors. These include harassment, retaliation, violence, intimidation and discrimination of any kind based on any protected category or action. Anti-harassment training is provided to all new hires on their first day of orientation, ensuring that all employees are equipped with the knowledge and tools to maintain a respectful environment. For leaders, anti-harassment training is reinforced on an ongoing basis to promote consistent leadership standards and reinforce organizational values.
In addition to anti-harassment training, we offer a range of leadership development programs throughout the year to further enhance leaders' skills. These programs are designed to help leaders manage teams, communicate effectively, drive a culture of accountability and resolve disputes.
At Tesla, we listen to our employees. Our engagement strategy is to listen, act and report back to employees on progress. Pulse, Tesla's semiannual employee survey, aims to capture the employee experience and generated 86% global participation. The crucial feedback garnered from these efforts helps shape Tesla’s future goals, plans and projects.
The safety and health of our employees is a core value. Everyone across Tesla works to ensure a healthy and safe workplace. Employees are encouraged to speak up regarding misconduct or safety concerns and can do so by contacting the integrity line, submitting concerns through our Take Charge process, or notifying their Human Resource Partner or any member of management. Concerns are reviewed in accordance with established protocols by investigators with expertise, who also review for trends and outcomes for remediation and appropriate controls. Responding to questions timely is key so Human Resource Partners for each functional area are visible throughout facilities and engaging employees.
Our Compensation Committee generally oversees our human capital management strategy, and regularly receives updates and reviews certain management practices related to Tesla’s talent, including how Tesla recruits, develops and retains excellent talent. The Committee directly interacts and engages with members of Tesla’s management, including members from the human resources, compliance and legal teams to review and evaluate people-related initiatives, employee feedback, risks and opportunities. The Committee also monitors developments in human capital management practices and recommends revisions to Company policies and practices as appropriate.
Tesla