through 2032.
Automotive Regulatory Credits
We earn tradable credits in the operation of our business under various regulations related to zero-emission vehicles (“ZEVs”), greenhouse gas, fuel economy and clean fuel. We sell these credits to other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. Sales of these credits are recognized within automotive regulatory credits revenue in our consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Energy Storage System Incentives and Policies
While the regulatory regime for energy storage projects is still under development, there are various policies, incentives and financial mechanisms at the federal, state and local levels that support the adoption of energy storage.
For example, energy storage systems that are charged using solar energy may be eligible for the solar energy-related U.S. federal tax credits described below. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) has also taken steps to enable the participation of energy storage in wholesale energy markets. In addition, California and a number of other states have adopted procurement targets for energy storage, and behind-the-meter energy storage systems qualify for funding under the California Self Generation Incentive Program. Our customers primarily benefit directly under these programs. In certain instances our customers may transfer such credits to us as contract consideration. In such transactions, they are included as a component of energy generation and storage revenues in our consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Pursuant to the IRA, under Sections 48, 48E and 25D of the Internal Revenue Code (”IRC”), standalone energy storage technology is eligible for a tax credit between 6% and 50% of qualified expenditures, regardless of the source of energy, which may be claimed by our customers for storage systems they purchase or by us for arrangements where we own the systems. These tax credits are primarily for the benefit of our customers and are currently scheduled to phase-out starting in 2032 or later.
7
Table of Contents
Solar Energy System Incentives and Policies
U.S. federal, state and local governments have established various policies, incentives and financial mechanisms to reduce the cost of solar energy and to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. These incentives include tax credits, cash grants, tax abatements and rebates.
In particular, pursuant to the IRA, Sections 48, 48E and 25D of the IRC provides a tax credit between 6% and 70% of qualified commercial or residential expenditures for solar energy systems, which may be claimed by our customers for systems they purchase, or by us for arrangements where we own the systems for properties that meet statutory requirements. These tax credits are primarily for the direct benefit of our customers and are currently scheduled to