entitled to receive indemnification from our suppliers, we record receivables for the contractually obligated amounts on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and as Other non-current assets for the long-term portion. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. Due to the magnitude of our automotive business, our accrued warranty balance is primarily related to our automotive segment.
Accrued warranty activity consisted of the following (in millions):
65
Customer Deposits
Customer deposits primarily consist of refundable cash payments from customers at the time they place an order or reservation for a vehicle or an energy product and any additional payments up to the point of delivery or the completion of installation. Customer deposits also include prepayments on contracts that can be cancelled without significant penalties, such as vehicle maintenance plans. Customer deposits are included in Accrued liabilities and other on the consolidated balance sheets until refunded, forfeited or applied towards the customer’s purchase balance.
Government Assistance Programs and Incentives
Globally, the operation of our business is impacted by various government programs, incentives, and other arrangements. Government incentives are recorded in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with their purpose as a reduction of expense, or an offset to the related capital asset. The benefit is generally recorded when all conditions attached to the incentive have been met or are expected to be met and there is reasonable assurance of their receipt.
The IRA Incentives
On August 16, 2022, the IRA was enacted into law and is effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. The IRA includes multiple incentives to promote clean energy, electric vehicles, battery and energy storage manufacture or purchase, in addition to a new corporate alternative minimum tax of 15% on adjusted financial statement income of corporations with profits greater than $1 billion. Some of these measures are expected to materially affect our consolidated financial statements. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the impact from our IRA incentive was primarily a reduction of our costs of revenue in our consolidated statements of operations.
Gigafactory New York—New York State Investment and Lease
We have a lease through the Research Foundation for the SUNY Foundation with respect to Gigafactory New York. Under the lease and a related research and development agreement, we are continuing to designate further buildouts at the facility. We are required to comply with certain covenants, including hiring and cumulative investment targets. Under the terms of the arrangement, the SUNY Foundation paid for a majority of the construction costs related to the manufacturing facility and the acquisition and commissioning of certain