segment for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 was $
954
million and $
879
million, respectively.
(2)
Depreciation and amortization included in Cost of revenues for the energy generation and storage segment for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 was $
83
million and $
91
million, respectively.
23
Table of Contents
The following table presents revenues by geographic area based on the sales location of our products (in millions):
The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area (in millions):
The following table presents inventory by reportable segment (in millions):
24
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Overview
Our mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, charging, insurance, financial and other services related to our products. Additionally, we are increasingly focused on products and services based on AI, robotics and automation.
As a result of rapidly evolving trade policy, uncertainty in the automotive and energy markets continues to increase, posing risks to our global supply chain and cost structure which could have a meaningfully adverse impact on demand for our products and our profitability. The current tariff regime will have a relatively larger impact on our energy generation and storage business compared to our automotive business. While we prepare for near-term challenges to our business under current policies, we are focused on long-term growth opportunities as we continue to make prudent investments.
In 2025, we produced approximately 363,000 consumer vehicles and delivered approximately 337,000 consumer vehicles through the first quarter. We are focused on profitable growth, including by leveraging existing factories and production lines to introduce new and more affordable products, further improving and deploying our FSD (Supervised) capabilities, including future autonomous capabilities through our purpose-built Robotaxi product, Cybercab, reducing costs, increasing vehicle production, utilized capacity and delivery capabilities, improving and developing our vehicles and battery technologies, vertically integrating and localizing our supply chain, and expanding our global infrastructure, including our service and charging infrastructure.
In 2025, we deployed 10.4 GWh of energy storage products through the first quarter. We are focused on ramping the production and increasing the market penetration of our energy storage products.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we recognized total