were $
2.44
billion.
Energy Asset-backed Notes
In 2024, we transferred certain financing receivables into an SPE and issued $
499
million in aggregate principal amount of Energy Asset-backed Notes, backed by these financing receivables. The proceeds from issuance, net of debt issuance costs, were $
494
million. The SPE is wholly owned by us and is consolidated in the financial statements. The cash flows generated by these financing receivables are used to service the principal and interest payments on the Energy Asset-backed Notes and satisfy the SPE’s expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to us. The SPE’s assets and cash flows are not available to our other creditors, and the creditors of the SPE, including the Energy Asset-backed Notes holders, have no recourse to our other assets.
Cash Equity Debt
In connection with the cash equity financing deals closed in 2016, our subsidiaries issued $
502
million in aggregate principal amount of debt that bears interest at fixed rates. This debt is secured by, among other things, our interests in certain financing funds and is non-recourse to our other assets.
74
China Working Capital Facility
In April 2024, one of our subsidiaries entered into a loan agreement (the “China Working Capital Facility”) with lenders in China for an unsecured revolving facility of up to RMB
20.00
billion to be used for certain production expenditures as well as repayment of certain finance facilities. Borrowed funds bear interest at a rate equal to the Loan Prime Rate published by the People’s Bank of China minus
1.18
%. The China Working Capital Facility is non-recourse to our assets.
Pledged Assets
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had pledged or restricted $
5.16
billion and $
4.64
billion of our assets (consisting principally of operating lease vehicles, financing receivables, restricted cash, and equity interests in certain SPEs) as collateral for our outstanding debt.
Schedule of Principal Maturities of Debt
The future scheduled principal maturities of debt as of December 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions):
Note 11 –
Leases
We have entered into various operating and finance lease agreements for certain of our offices, manufacturing and warehouse facilities, retail and service locations, data centers, equipment, vehicles, and solar energy systems, worldwide. We determine if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at inception and record the lease in our financial statements upon lease commencement, which is the date when the underlying asset is made available for use by the lessor.
We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, and have elected to utilize the practical expedient to account for lease and non-lease components together as a single combined lease component, from both a lessee and lessor perspective with the exception of direct sales-type leases and production equipment classes embedded in supply agreements. From a lessor perspective, the timing and pattern of transfer