otherwise marketed, incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility and prior to the general availability of the software are capitalized when they are expected to become significant. Such costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the applicable software once it is made generally available to our customers.
We evaluate the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis, and we test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, we have recognized no impairments of capitalized software costs.
Foreign Currency
We determine the functional and reporting currency of each of our international subsidiaries and their operating divisions based on the primary currency in which they operate. In cases where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, we recognize a cumulative translation adjustment created by the different rates we apply to current period income or loss and the balance sheet. For each subsidiary, we apply the monthly average functional exchange rate to its monthly income or loss and the month-end functional currency rate to translate the balance sheet.
Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are a result of the effect of exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in Other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of operations.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recorded a net foreign currency transaction gain of $
57
million, gain of $
122
million and loss of $
89
million, respectively.
Warranties
We provide a manufacturer’s warranty on all new and used vehicles and a warranty on the installation and components of the energy generation and storage systems we sell for periods typically between
10
to
25
years. We accrue a warranty reserve for the products sold by us, which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranties and recalls if identified. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty reserve in the future. The warranty reserve does not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles subject to operating lease accounting and our solar energy systems under lease contracts or PPAs, as the costs to repair these warranty claims are expensed as incurred. The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within Accrued liabilities and other, while the remaining balance is included within Other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. For liabilities that we are