partially offset by a lower average interest rate.
Other (Expense) Income, Net
30
Table of Contents
Other (expense) income, net, changed unfavorably by $562 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024. The unfavorable change was primarily due a $125 million mark-to-market loss in the current period compared to a $335 million mark-to-market gain on our bitcoin digital assets in the prior period. Additionally, there were unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our intercompany balances. As our intercompany balances are significant in nature and we do not typically hedge foreign currency risk, we can experience significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses from period to period.
Provision for Income Taxes
Our provision for income taxes decreased by $314 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to the change in our pre-tax income year over year. Our effective tax rate increased from 26% to 29% in the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to the changes in the mix of our jurisdictional earnings.
See Note 9,
Income Taxes
, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We expect to continue to generate net positive operating cash flow. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and technologies including our proprietary battery cells, additional manufacturing ramps at existing manufacturing facilities, the construction of future factories, and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations, body shops, Mobile Service fleet, Supercharger, including to support NACS, energy product installation capabilities and autonomy and other artificial intelligence enabled products.
In addition, because a large portion of our future expenditures will be to fund our growth, we expect that if needed we will be able to adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment. For example, if our near-term manufacturing operations decrease in scale or ramp more slowly than expected, including due to global economic or business conditions, we may choose to correspondingly slow the pace of our capital expenditures. Finally, we continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business, including through drawdowns on existing or new debt facilities or financing funds. Conversely, we may also from time to time determine that it is in our best interests to voluntarily repay certain indebtedness early.
Accordingly, we believe that our current sources of funds will provide us with adequate