revenues of $19.34 billion, representing a decrease of $1.97 billion compared to the same period in the prior year. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, our net income attributable to common stockholders was $409 million, representing a decrease of $981 million compared to the same period in the prior year. We continue to ramp production and build and optimize our manufacturing capacity, expand our operations while focusing on further cost reductions and operational efficiencies to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products, and invest in research and development to accelerate our AI, software, and fleet-based profits for further revenue growth.
We ended the first quarter of 2025 with $37.00 billion in cash and cash equivalents and investments, representing an increase of $433 million from the end of 2024. Our cash flows provided by operating activities were $2.16 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to $242 million during the same period ended March 31, 2024, representing an increase of $1.91 billion. Capital expenditures amounted to $1.49 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to $2.78 billion during the same period ended March 31, 2024, representing a decrease of $1.29 billion. Overall growth has allowed our business to generally fund itself, and we will continue to make critical high-value investments while maintaining a strong balance sheet.
25
Table of Contents
Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2025 Outlook
Automotive—Production
The following is a summary of the status of production of each of our announced vehicle models in production and under development, as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q:
We are focused on growing our manufacturing capacity, which includes capacity for manufacturing newer vehicle models such as our Cybertruck, Tesla Semi and future vehicles utilizing aspects of our next generation platform, and ramping the production at our Gigafactories to their installed production capacities as well as increasing production rate and efficiency at our current factories. In the first quarter of 2025, we accomplished an industry first - simultaneously changing over production lines across all factories for our New Model Y. While there were several weeks of lost production in the quarter from this changeover, we successfully ramped our production lines across four factories while managing supply chains across three continents without any major disruptions, demonstrating the advancement of our operational and supply chain management capabilities. As we continue to ramp production of the New Model Y, we are also preparing our factories for the launch of new models later this year. The next phase of production growth will be initiated by advances in autonomy and the introduction of new products, including those built on our next generation vehicle platform, as well as our ability to add to our available sources of battery