Federal and state laws can impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards in the event of an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. We have determined that no significant limitation would be placed on the utilization of our net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards due to prior ownership changes or expirations.
As of December 31, 2024, we had federal research and development tax credits of $
1.48
billion, federal renewable energy tax credits of $
1.01
billion, and state research and development tax credits of $
1.06
billion. Most of our state research and development tax credits were in the state of California. If not utilized, some of the federal tax credits may expire in various amounts beginning in 2035. However, California research and development tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely.
As of December 31, 2024, we intend to indefinitely reinvest our foreign earnings and cash unless such repatriation results in no or minimal tax costs. We have recorded the taxes associated with the foreign earnings we intend to repatriate in the future. For the earnings we intend to indefinitely reinvest,
no
deferred tax liabilities for foreign withholding or other taxes have been recorded. The estimated amount of such unrecognized withholding tax liability associated with the indefinitely reinvested earnings is approximately $
309
million.
Uncertain Tax Positions
The changes to our gross unrecognized tax benefits were as follows (in millions):
83
We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We recognized net interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in provision for (benefit from) income taxes line of our consolidated statements of operations of $
23
million, $
17
million and $
27
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, we have accrued $
69
million and $
47
million, respectively, related to interest and penalties on our unrecognized tax benefits. Unrecognized tax benefits of $
1.14
billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate.
We file income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. We are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) for the years 2015 to 2018. Additional tax years within the periods 2004 to 2014 and 2019 to 2023 remain subject to examination for federal income tax purposes. All net operating losses and tax credits generated to date are subject to adjustment for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. Our returns for 2004 and subsequent tax years remain subject to examination in U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions.
Given the uncertainty in timing and outcome of our tax examinations, an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change in gross unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months cannot be made at this time.
Note 14