Storage Segment
Energy Generation and Storage Sales
We record as deferred revenue any non-refundable amounts that are primarily related to prepayments from customers, which is recognized as revenue as or when the performance obligations are satisfied. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, deferred revenue related to such customer payments amounted to $
2.09
billion and $
1.77
billion, respectively, mainly due to contractual payment terms. Revenue recognized from the deferred revenue balances as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
623
million and $
417
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We have elected the practical expedient to omit disclosure of the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected contract length of one year or less. As of March 31, 2025, total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with an original expected length of more than one year was $
9.95
billion. Of this amount, we expect to recognize $
4.71
billion in the next
12
months and the rest over the remaining performance obligation period. Changes in government and economic incentives or tariffs may impact the transaction price or our ability to execute these existing contracts.
We have financing receivables on our consolidated balance sheets related to loans we provide for financing our energy products. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had current net financing receivables of $
35
million and $
34
million, respectively, in Accounts receivable, net, and $
668
million and $
658
million, respectively, in Other non-current assets for the long-term portion.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized. We monitor the realizability of our deferred tax assets taking into account all relevant factors at each reporting period. In completing our assessment of realizability of our deferred tax assets, we consider our history of income (loss) measured at pre-tax income (loss) adjusted for permanent book-tax differences on a jurisdictional basis, volatility in actual earnings, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation in recent prior years and impacts of the timing of reversal of existing temporary differences. We also rely on our assessment of the Company’s projected future results of business operations, including uncertainty in future operating results relative to historical results, volatility in the market price of our common stock and its performance over time, variable macroeconomic conditions impacting our ability to forecast future taxable income, and changes in business that may