leasing programs in the U.S., Canada and in certain countries in Europe. Qualifying customers are permitted to lease a vehicle directly from Tesla for up to
48
months. At the end of the lease term, customers may opt to return the vehicles to us or purchase the vehicles when contractually permitted. We account for these leasing transactions as operating leases. We record leasing revenues to
automotive leasing revenue
on a straight-line basis over the contractual term, and we record the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized $
1.78
billion, $
1.86
billion and $
1.75
billion of direct vehicle leasing revenue, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had deferred $
394
million and $
458
million, respectively, of lease-related upfront payments, which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual terms of the individual leases.
Our policy is to exclude taxes collected from a customer from the transaction price of automotive contracts.
Direct Sales-Type Leasing Program
We have outstanding direct leases and vehicles financed by us under loan arrangements accounted for as sales-type leases under ASC 842,
Leases
(“ASC 842”), in certain countries in Asia and Europe. Our arrangements under these programs can have terms for up to
72
months. We recognize all revenue and costs associated with the sales-type lease as automotive leasing revenue and automotive leasing cost of revenue, respectively, upon delivery of the vehicle to the customer. Interest income based on the implicit rate in the lease is recorded to automotive leasing revenue over time as customers are invoiced on a monthly basis. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized $
12
million, $
215
million and $
683
million, respectively, of sales-type leasing revenue and $
7
million, $
164
million and $
427
million, respectively, of sales-type leasing cost of revenue.
Services and Other Revenue
Services and other revenue consists of sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision, part sales, paid Supercharging, insurance services revenue and retail merchandise sales.
Revenues related to repair, maintenance and vehicle insurance services are recognized over time as services are provided and extended service plans are recognized over the performance period of the service contract as the obligation represents a stand-ready obligation to the customer. We sell used vehicles, services, service plans, vehicle components and merchandise separately and thus use standalone selling prices as the basis for revenue allocation to the extent that these items are sold in transactions with other performance obligations. Payment for used vehicles, services, vehicle components, and merchandise are typically received at the point when control transfers to the customer or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. Payments received