business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. As a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes or taxes payable based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. These effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that some of those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. We are required to file income tax returns in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. Such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. We believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. We review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a change in estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made.
Results of Operations
Revenues
Automotive & Services and Other Segment
Automotive sales revenue includes revenues related to cash and financing deliveries of new vehicles, including access to our FSD (Supervised) features and their ongoing maintenance, internet connectivity, free Supercharging programs and over-the-air software updates. These deliveries are vehicles that are not subject to lease accounting.
Automotive regulatory credits includes sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers. Our revenue from automotive regulatory credits is directly related to our new vehicle production, sales and pricing negotiated with our customers. We monetize them proactively as new vehicles are sold based on standing arrangements with buyers of such credits, typically as close as possible to the production and delivery of the vehicle or changes in regulation impacting the credits.
Automotive leasing revenue includes the amortization of revenue for vehicles under direct operating lease agreements. Additionally, automotive leasing revenue includes direct sales-type leasing programs where we recognize all revenue associated with the sales-type lease upon delivery to the customer.
Services and other revenue consists of sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision, part sales, paid Supercharging, insurance services revenue and retail merchandise sales.
2024 compared to 2023
Automotive sales revenue decreased $6.03 billion, or 8%, in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to lower average selling price on our vehicles driven by