goods sold associated with direct sales-type leases and warranty expense related to leased vehicles.
Costs of services and other revenue includes cost of used vehicles including refurbishment costs, costs associated with providing non-warranty after-sales services, costs associated with our body shops and part sales, costs of paid Supercharging, costs to provide vehicle insurance and costs of retail merchandise sales.
2024 compared to 2023
Cost of automotive sales revenue decreased $3.25 billion, or 5%, in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 due to a decrease in the average combined cost per unit of our vehicles primarily from lower raw material costs, freight and duties as well as mix, in addition to the volume changes in deliveries year over year as discussed above. The decreases were partially offset by higher costs for Cybertruck.
Cost of automotive leasing revenue decreased $265 million, or 21%, in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in direct sales-type leasing cost of revenue driven by lower deliveries and a decrease in our direct operating lease cost of revenue driven by lower lease buyouts compared to the prior periods.
Cost of services and other revenue increased $2.09 billion, or 27%, in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to volume increases in used vehicle sales at lower average vehicle acquisition cost, insurance services, paid Supercharging, part sales and non-warranty maintenance services and collision.
Gross margin for total automotive decreased from 19.4% to 18.4% in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 due to lower average selling price on our vehicles and Cybertruck ramp, partially offset by lower average combined cost per unit of our vehicles and increases in regulatory credit and FSD (Supervised) revenue, as discussed above.
Gross margin for total automotive & services and other segment decreased from 18.2% to 16.9% in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The changes in gross margin are primarily due to the automotive gross margin factors discussed above.
Energy Generation and Storage Segment
Cost of energy generation and storage revenue includes direct and indirect material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation costs of tooling and machinery, freight, warranty expense, and cost of servicing. Cost of energy generation and storage revenue also includes charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand. Additionally, cost of energy generation and storage revenue benefits from manufacturing credits earned. In agreements for solar energy systems and PPAs where we are the lessor, the cost of revenue is