obligations, refer to Note 10,
Debt
, and Note 11,
Leases
, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Sources and Conditions of Liquidity
Our sources to fund our material cash requirements are predominantly from our deliveries and servicing of new and used vehicles, sales and installations of our energy storage products, interest income, and proceeds from debt facilities and equity offerings, when applicable.
As of December 31, 2024, we had $16.14 billion and $20.42 billion of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, respectively. Balances held in foreign currencies had a U.S. dollar equivalent of $2.90 billion and consisted primarily of euros and Chinese yuan. We had $5.00 billion of unused committed credit amounts as of December 31, 2024. For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 10,
Debt
, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We continue adapting our strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government securities and other investments, invest in autonomy, do more vertical integration, expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers.
Summary of Cash Flows
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as research and development and selling, general and administrative and working capital. Our operating cash inflows include cash from vehicle sales and related servicing, customer lease and financing payments, customer deposits, cash from sales of regulatory credits and energy generation and storage products, and interest income on our cash and investments portfolio. These cash inflows are offset by our payments to suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, operating expenses, operating lease payments and interest payments on our financings.
42
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1.67 billion to $14.92 billion during the year ended December 31, 2024 from $13.26 billion during the year ended December 31, 2023. This increase was primarily due to favorable changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $2.29 billion, partially offset by a decrease in net income excluding non-cash expenses, gains and losses of $623 million.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash flows from investing activities and their variability across each period related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $11.34 billion and $8.90 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, mainly for AI-related capital expenditures, global factory expansion and machinery and equipment as we expand and enhance our product roadmap. We also purchased $7.45 billion and $6.62 billion of investments, net of proceeds from maturities and sales, for the years ended