markets and our assets classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy utilized the market approach to determine fair value of the investments.
Our cash, cash equivalents and investments classified by security type as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 consisted of the following (in millions):
As of March 31, 2025, the majority of our short-term investments had contractual maturity dates within one year.
15
Table of Contents
Disclosure of Fair Values
Our financial instruments that are not re-measured at fair value include accounts receivable, financing receivables, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, customer deposits and debt. The carrying values of these financial instruments materially approximate their fair values.
Note 3 –
Inventory
Our inventory consisted of the following (in millions):
(1)
Finished goods inventory includes products-in-transit to fulfill customer orders, new vehicles, used vehicles and energy products available for sale.
We write-down inventory for any excess or obsolete inventory or when we believe that the net realizable value of inventory is less than the carrying value. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recorded write-downs of $
79
million and $
39
million, respectively, in Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations.
Note 4 –
Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
Our property, plant and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions):
Construction in progress is primarily comprised of ongoing construction and expansion of our facilities, equipment and tooling related to the manufacturing of our products as well as AI-related assets which have not yet been placed in service.
Depreciation expense during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 was $
1.15
billion and $
929
million, respectively.
16
Table of Contents
Note 5 –
Accrued Liabilities and Other
Our accrued liabilities and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):
(1)
Accrued purchases primarily reflects receipts of goods and services for which we had not yet been invoiced. As we are invoiced for these goods and services, this balance will reduce and accounts payable will increase.
(2)
Taxes payable primarily includes value added tax, income tax, sales tax, property tax and use tax payables.
Note 6 –
Other Long-Term Liabilities
Our other long-term liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):
Note 7 –
Debt
The following is a summary of our debt and finance leases as of March 31, 2025 (in millions):
17
Table of Contents
The following is a summary of our debt and finance leases as of December 31, 2024 (in millions):
(1)
There are no restrictions on draw-down or use for general corporate purposes with respect to any available committed funds under our RCF Credit Agreement, except certain specified conditions prior to draw-down. Refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in our reporting on Form 10-K for the year ended