millions):
60
The following table presents the reconciliation of basic to diluted weighted average shares used in computing net income per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders (in millions):
The following table presents the potentially dilutive shares that were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders, because their effect was anti-dilutive (in millions):
Cash and Cash Equivalents
All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase are considered cash equivalents.
Restricted Cash
We maintain certain cash balances restricted as to withdrawal or use. Our restricted cash is comprised primarily of cash held to service certain payments under various secured debt facilities, cash held as collateral for sales to lease partners with a resale value guarantee and deposits held for our insurance services. We record restricted cash as other assets in the consolidated balance sheets and determine current or non-current classification based on the expected duration of the restriction.
Our total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, as presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows, was as follows (in millions):
Investments
Our investments are all designated as available-for-sale and reported at estimated fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss which is included within stockholders’ equity. Available-for-sale marketable securities with maturities greater than three months at the date of purchase are included in short-term investments in our consolidated balance sheets. Interest, dividends, amortization and accretion of purchase premiums and discounts on these investments are included within Interest income in our consolidated statements of operations. Interest income on our short-term investments for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
763
million, $
388
million and an
immaterial
amount, respectively.
61
The cost of available-for-sale investments sold is based on the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale investments are recorded in Other income (expense), net.
We regularly review all of our investments for declines in fair value. The review includes but is not limited to (i) the consideration of the cause of the decline, (ii) any currently recorded expected credit losses and (iii) the creditworthiness of the respective security issuers. The amortized cost basis of our investments approximates its fair value.
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Accounts receivable primarily include amounts related to receivables from financial institutions and leasing companies offering various financing products to our customers, sales of energy generation and storage products, sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers and government rebates already