our common stock nor do we anticipate paying any such cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
30
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
In connection with the offering of 2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in May 2019, we sold warrants to each of Société Générale, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Credit Suisse Capital LLC (later assigned to UBS AG, London Branch) and Goldman, Sachs & Co. LLC (together, the “2019 Warrantholders”). Between October 1, 2024 and October 15, 2024, we issued an aggregate of 2,894,424 shares of our common stock to the 2019 Warrantholders pursuant to their exercise of such warrants, which were net of the applicable exercise prices. Such shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by Rule 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
None.
ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
31
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For further discussion of our products and services, technology and competitive strengths, refer to Item 1- Business. For discussion related to changes in financial condition and the results of operations for fiscal year 2023-related items, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29, 2024.
Overview and 2024 Highlights
Our mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, charging, insurance, financial and other services related to our products. Additionally, we are increasingly focused on products and services based on AI, robotics and automation.
In 2024, we produced approximately 1,773,000 consumer vehicles and delivered approximately 1,789,000 consumer vehicles. We are focused on profitable growth, including by leveraging existing factories and production lines to introduce new and more affordable products, further improving and deploying our FSD (Supervised) capabilities, including future autonomous capabilities through our purpose-built Robotaxi product, Cybercab, reducing costs, increasing vehicle production, utilized capacity and delivery capabilities, improving and developing our vehicles and battery technologies, vertically integrating and localizing our supply chain, and expanding our global infrastructure, including our service and charging infrastructure.
In 2024, we deployed 31.4 GWh of energy storage products. We are focused on ramping