and resource consumption, including water and energy usage. We are focused on further enhancing sustainability of operations outside of our direct control, including reducing the carbon footprint of our supply chain.
We are committed to sourcing only responsibly produced materials, and our suppliers are required to provide evidence of management systems that ensure social, environmental and sustainability best practices in their own operations, as well as to demonstrate a commitment to responsible sourcing into their supply chains. We have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to child or forced labor and human trafficking by our suppliers and we look to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Due Diligence Guidelines to inform our process and use feedback from our internal and external stakeholders to find ways to continually improve. We are also driving safety in our own factories by focusing on worker engagement. Our incidents per vehicle continue to drop even as our production volumes increase. We also strive to be an employer of choice by offering compelling, impactful jobs with best in-industry benefits.
10
Table of Contents
We believe that sound corporate governance is critical to helping us achieve our goals, including with respect to ESG. We continue to evolve a governance framework that exercises appropriate oversight of responsibilities at all levels throughout the company and manages its affairs consistent with high principles of business ethics. Our Sustainability and Impact team, in conjunction with leaders from across our Company, regularly presents to our Board of Directors, which oversees our ESG impacts, initiatives and priorities.
Human Capital Resources
Tesla’s ability to attract, develop and retain a talented workforce is a competitive advantage. During the past year, Tesla provided its workforce with opportunities to contribute to its mission and grow professionally, earning Tesla among the Top 100 Employers of Choice in the 2024 American Opportunity Index. As of December 31, 2024, our employee headcount worldwide was 125,665.
Employees can participate in Tesla stock ownership programs (of which 92% have been given the opportunity to as part of their total rewards package), while accessing industry-leading benefits, such as free counseling, paid parental leave, paid time off, company sponsored 401(k) plans, no cost fertility and adoption programs and zero-premium medical plan options that are made available on the first day of employment.
We hire, evaluate and promote employees based on their skills and performance. In 2024, over 13,000 of our employees worldwide, 80% of whom represent Tesla’s frontline workforce, took advantage of opportunities to advance their career within the Company. As of this report, more than two-thirds (68%) of our managers have been promoted from internal, non-managerial positions, and 45% of our management team has been with Tesla for over five years.
Tesla cultivates an