accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
7
Table of Contents
Tesla, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
(unaudited)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
8
Table of Contents
Tesla, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited)
Note 1 –
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Unaudited Interim Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements of Tesla, Inc. (“Tesla”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”), including the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2025, the consolidated statements of operations, the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, the consolidated statements of redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity, and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, as well as other information disclosed in the accompanying notes, are unaudited. The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date. The interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
The interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations for the periods presented. The consolidated results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or for any other future years or interim periods.
Reclassifications
Certain prior period balances have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue by source
The following table disaggregates our revenue by major source (in millions):
Automotive Segment
Automotive Sales
Deferred revenue related to the access to our Full Self Driving (“FSD”) (Supervised) features and their ongoing maintenance, internet connectivity, free Supercharging programs and over-the-air software updates primarily on automotive sales amounted to $
3.60
billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
9
Table of Contents
Deferred revenue is equivalent to the total transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, as of the balance sheet date. Revenue recognized from the deferred revenue balances as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
258
million and $
281
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Of the total deferred revenue balance as of March 31,