recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse to only assets of our subsidiaries. The differences between the unpaid principal balances and the net carrying values are due to debt discounts or deferred issuance costs. As of December 31, 2024, we were in material compliance with all financial debt covenants.
2024 Notes
During the second quarter of 2024, the 2024 Notes reached maturity and were fully settled. Additionally, in 2024, we fully settled the warrants entered into in connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes, resulting in the issuance of
11.4
million shares of our common stock.
Credit Agreement
In January 2023, we entered into a
5-year
senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “RCF Credit Agreement”) with a syndicate of banks. The RCF Credit Agreement contains
two
optional
one-year
extensions and has a total commitment of up to $
5.00
billion, which could be increased up to $
7.00
billion under certain circumstances. The underlying borrowings may be used for general corporate purposes. Borrowed funds accrue interest at a variable rate equal to: (i) for dollar-denominated loans, at our election, (a) Term SOFR (the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate) plus
0.10
%, or (b) an alternate base rate; (ii) for loans denominated in pounds sterling, SONIA (the sterling overnight index average reference rate); or (iii) for loans denominated in euros, an adjusted EURIBOR (euro interbank offered rate); in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on the rating assigned to our senior, unsecured long-term indebtedness (the “Credit Rating”) from time to time. The fee for undrawn amounts is variable based on the Credit Rating and is currently
0.125
% per annum.
Automotive Asset-backed Notes
From time to time, we transfer receivables and/or beneficial interests related to certain vehicles (either leased or financed) into special purpose entities (“SPEs”) and issue Automotive Asset-backed Notes, backed by these automotive assets to investors. The SPEs are consolidated in the financial statements. The cash flows generated by these automotive assets are used to service the principal and interest payments on the Automotive Asset-backed Notes and satisfy the SPEs’ expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to the owners of the SPEs. We recognize revenue earned from the associated customer lease or financing contracts in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. The SPEs’ assets and cash flows are not available to our other creditors, and the creditors of the SPEs, including the Automotive Asset-backed Note holders, have no recourse to our other assets.
In 2024, we transferred beneficial interests related to certain leased vehicles and/or financing receivables into SPEs and issued $
2.45
billion in aggregate principal amount of Automotive Asset-backed Notes, with terms similar to our other previously issued Automotive Asset-backed Notes. The proceeds from the issuance, net of debt issuance costs,