disaster that results in a prolonged disruption, particularly where we have principal manufacturing and design operations, as listed in the Properties section in Item 2, may adversely affect our results and financial condition.
10
Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products.
Rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely and cost-effective manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. In some cases, we might not realize a return or the expected return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. Further, projects that are commercially viable may not contribute to our operating results until at least a few years after they are completed.
We face supply chain and manufacturing risks.
We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our own or suppliers’ operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; cybersecurity incidents; ability to access conflict-free minerals; natural events or epidemics in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, services and utilities. Additionally, a breach or other incident relating to our suppliers’ information technology systems could result in a release of confidential or proprietary information. If our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies, collect accounts receivable or access needed technology.
In particular, our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment, and those of our suppliers, require that certain key materials, services and utilities be available. Suppliers of these items have and might continue to extend lead times, limit supply or increase prices due to factors beyond our control. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, services and utilities could adversely affect our results of operations.
Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies, install manufacturing equipment or secure necessary personnel for manufacturing operations could adversely affect our results of operations. We have made and will continue to make significant investments in manufacturing