capacity, and we might not realize our expected return on those investments. We subcontract a portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our products, and we depend on third parties (including contractors and other service providers) to support key portions of our operations (including manufacturing operations and advanced logic manufacturing process technology development) and to construct our facilities. We do not have long-term contracts with all of these suppliers, and the number of alternate suppliers is limited. Reliance on these suppliers involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand, suppliers’ inability to develop and deliver advanced logic manufacturing process technology or build facilities in a timely, cost-effective, and appropriate manner, the possibility of suppliers’ imposition of increased costs on us and the unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property. In addition, failure by these suppliers to fulfill expectations, commitments and responsibilities in accordance with agreed terms or applicable laws, rules and regulations (including health, safety, forced labor, human trafficking and supply chain standards) could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain, train and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment.
Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel as well as the contributions and effective succession of senior management and other key employees. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry, including engineering, management, sales, technical and staff personnel, are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain, train and recruit the key engineering, management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. Our ability to recruit internationally or deploy employees to various locations may be limited by immigration laws and policies, including changes to, or the administration or interpretation of, those laws and policies. Failure to retain, train and recruit key personnel could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
11
Our results of operations and our reputation could be affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings.
Claims based on warranty, product liability, epidemic or delivery failures, or other grounds relating to our products, software, manufacturing, services, designs, communications or cybersecurity could lead to significant expenses as we defend the claims or pay damage awards or settlements. In the event of a claim, we would also incur costs if we decide to compensate the affected customer or end consumer. Any such claims may also