million related to preproduction costs at our Lehi, Utah, manufacturing facility. These amounts are included in Other for segment reporting purposes.
Other income (expense), net (OI&E)
(a)
I
ncludes interest, royalty and lease income.
(b)
I
ncludes a portion of pension and other retiree benefit costs, lease expense, tax interest, currency gains and losses and miscellaneous items.
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Property, plant and equipment at cost
Goodwill
Goodwill by segment as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows:
We perform our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter and determine whether the fair value of each of our reporting units is in excess of its carrying value. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, we determined
no
impairment was indicated.
52
Other long-term assets
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes (AOCI)
Details on amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes, to net income
Our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income include items that have been recognized within net income in 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The table below details where these transactions are recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
(a)
Detailed in Note 7
53
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Texas Instruments Incorporated
Opinion on the financial statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Texas Instruments Incorporated (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 14, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the