lease payments. Operating lease expense is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Our lease values include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options.
We have agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component. Leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet.
Earnings per share (EPS)
We use the two-class method for calculating EPS because the restricted stock units (RSUs) we grant are participating securities containing nonforfeitable rights to receive dividend equivalents. Under the two-class method, a portion of net income is allocated to RSUs and excluded from the calculation of income allocated to common stock.
Computation and reconciliation of earnings per common share are as follows:
Potentially dilutive securities representing
8
million,
10
million and
5
million shares of common stock that were outstanding in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share during these periods because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.
Investments
We present investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as cash equivalents, short-term investments or other long-term assets. See Note 6 for additional information.
•
Cash equivalents and short-term investments
– The primary objectives of our cash equivalent and short-term investment activities are to preserve capital and maintain liquidity while generating appropriate returns. We consider investments in available-for-sale debt securities with maturities of
90
days or less from the date of our investment to be cash equivalents. We consider investments in available-for-sale debt securities with maturities beyond
90
days from the date of our investment as being available for use in current operations and include them in short-term investments.
•
Other long-term assets
– Long-term investments, which are included within other long-term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, consist of mutual funds, venture capital funds and nonmarketable securities.
33
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. Cost is generally computed on a currently adjusted standard cost basis, which approximates cost on a first-in, first-out basis. Standard cost is based on the normal utilization of installed factory capacity. Cost associated with underutilization of capacity is expensed as incurred. Inventory held at consignment locations is included in our finished goods inventory.
We review inventory quarterly for salability and obsolescence. A statistical allowance is provided for inventory considered unlikely to be sold. The statistical allowance is based on an analysis of historical disposal activity, historical customer shipments and age of inventory. A specific allowance for each material type will be carried if there is a significant