value of the swaps and the related deferred compensation liabilities in SG&A.
In connection with the issuance of long-term debt, we may use financial derivatives such as treasury-rate lock agreements that are recognized in AOCI and amortized over the life of the related debt.
The results of these derivative transactions were not material. We do not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes.
3.
Stock compensation
We have stock options outstanding to participants under long-term incentive plans. The option price per share may not be less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of the grant. The options have a
10
-year term, generally vest ratably over
four years
and continue to vest after the option recipient retires.
We also have RSUs outstanding to participants under long-term incentive plans. Each RSU represents the right to receive
one
share of TI common stock, issued on the vesting date, which is generally
four years
after the date of grant. RSUs continue to vest after the recipient retires. Holders of RSUs receive an annual cash payment equivalent to the dividends paid on our common stock. The fair value per share of RSUs is generally determined based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant.
We have options and RSUs outstanding to non-employee directors under director compensation plans. The plans generally provide for annual grants of stock options and RSUs, a one-time grant of RSUs to each new non-employee director and the issuance of TI common stock upon the distribution of stock units credited to director deferred compensation accounts.
We also have an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) under which options are offered to all eligible employees in amounts based on a percentage of the employee’s compensation, subject to a cap. Under the plan, the option price per share is
85
% of the fair market value on the exercise date. As of December 31, 2024,
31
million shares remain available for future issuance under this plan.
35
Total stock compensation expense recognized is as follows:
These amounts include expenses related to non-qualified stock options, RSUs and stock options offered under our ESPP and are net of estimated forfeitures.
We recognize compensation expense for non-qualified stock options and RSUs on a straight-line basis over the minimum service period required for vesting of the award, adjusting for estimated forfeitures based on historical activity. Awards issued to employees who are retirement eligible or nearing retirement eligibility are expensed on an accelerated basis. Options issued under our ESPP are expensed over a
three-month
period.
As of December 31, 2024, total future compensation related to equity awards not yet recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income was $
503
million, which we expect to recognize over a weighted average period of
1.7
years.
Fair value methods and assumptions
We account for all awards granted under our various stock compensation plans at