13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that those disclosure controls and procedures were effective. In addition, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
19
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. Legal proceedings
Information with respect to legal proceedings can be found in Note 8 to the financial statements.
Pursuant to SEC regulation, we have elected to use a disclosure threshold of $1 million in monetary sanctions for environmental proceedings involving a governmental authority.
ITEM 1A. Risk factors
Information concerning our risk factors is contained in Item 1A of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and is incorporated by reference herein.
ITEM 2. Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds
The following table contains information regarding our purchases of our common stock during the quarter.
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
(a)
All open-market purchases during the quarter were made under the authorizations from our board of directors to purchase up to $12.0 billion and $15.0 billion of additional shares of TI common stock announced September 20, 2018, and September 15, 2022, respectively.
(b)
As of March 31, 2025, this amount consisted of the remaining portion of the $12.0 billion authorized in September 2018 and the $15.0 billion authorized in September 2022. No expiration date has been specified for these authorizations.
20
ITEM 6. Exhibits
21
Notice regarding forward-looking statements
This report includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as TI or its management “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “foresees,” “forecasts,” “estimates” or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements herein that describe TI’s business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements.
We urge you to carefully consider the following important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations of TI or our management:
•
Economic, social and political conditions, and natural events in the countries in which we, our customers or our suppliers operate, including global trade policies;
•
Market demand for semiconductors, particularly in the industrial