based on years of service and the highest
five
consecutive years of compensation. We intend to contribute amounts to this plan to meet the minimum funding requirements of applicable local laws and regulations, plus such additional amounts as we deem appropriate. The non-qualified defined benefit plans are unfunded and closed to new participants.
43
U.S. retiree health care benefit plan
U.S. employees who meet eligibility requirements are offered medical coverage during retirement. We make a contribution toward the cost of those retiree medical benefits for certain retirees and their dependents. The contribution rates are based upon various factors, the most important of which are an employee’s date of hire, date of retirement, years of service and eligibility for Medicare benefits. The balance of the cost is borne by the plan’s participants. Employees hired after January 1, 2001, are responsible for the full cost of their medical benefits during retirement.
Non-U.S. retirement plans
We provide retirement coverage for non-U.S. employees, as required by local laws or to the extent we deem appropriate, through a number of defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Retirement benefits are generally based on an employee’s years of service and compensation. Funding requirements are determined on an individual country and plan basis and are subject to local country practices and market circumstances.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, as a result of employees’ elections, TI’s non-U.S. defined contribution plans held TI common stock valued at $
34
million in both periods. Dividends paid on these shares of TI common stock in 2024 and 2023 were not material.
Effects on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Balance Sheets
Expenses related to defined benefit and retiree health care benefit plans are as follows:
All defined benefit and retiree health care benefit plan expense components other than service cost are recognized in
OI&E
in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Service cost is recognized within operating profit.
For the U.S. qualified pension and retiree health care plans, the expected return on plan assets component of net periodic benefit cost is based upon a market-related value of assets. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the market-related value of assets is the fair value adjusted by a smoothing technique whereby certain gains and losses are phased in over a period of
three years
.
44
Changes in the benefit obligations and plan assets for defined benefit and retiree health care benefit plans are as follows:
Changes in actuarial gains and losses in the projected benefit obligations are generally driven by discount rate movement.
Amounts recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, are as follows:
Contributions to the plans meet or exceed all minimum funding requirements. We expect to contribute about $
10
million to our retirement benefit plans in 2025.
45
Accumulated benefit obligations, which are generally less than