allocates resources and measures results.
Analog
Our Analog segment generated $12.16 billion of revenue in 2024. Analog semiconductors change real-world signals, such as sound, temperature, pressure or images, by conditioning them, amplifying them and often converting them to a stream of digital data that can be processed by other semiconductors, such as embedded processors. Analog semiconductors are also used to manage power in all electronic equipment by converting, distributing, storing, discharging, isolating and measuring electrical energy, whether the equipment is plugged into a wall or using a battery. As the digitization of electronics continues, there is a growing need and opportunity for analog chips to provide the power to run devices and the critical interfaces with human beings, the real world and other electronic devices. Our Analog products are used in many markets, particularly industrial, automotive and personal electronics.
Sales of our Analog products generated about 78% of our revenue in 2024.
Our Analog segment includes the following major product lines: Power and Signal Chain.
Power
Power includes products that help customers manage power in electronic systems. Our broad portfolio is designed to manage power requirements across different voltage levels, including battery-management solutions, DC/DC switching regulators, AC/DC and isolated DC/DC switching regulators, power switches, linear and low-dropout regulators, voltage references, multiphase controllers and power stages, and lighting products.
Signal Chain
Signal Chain includes products that sense, condition and measure real-world signals to allow information to be transferred or converted for further processing and control. Our Signal Chain products include amplifiers, data converters, interface products, motor drives, clocks, logic and sensing products.
Embedded Processing
Our Embedded Processing segment generated $2.53 billion of revenue in 2024. Embedded Processing products are the digital “brains” of many types of electronic equipment. They are designed to handle specific tasks and can be optimized for various combinations of performance, power and cost, depending on the application. Our devices vary from simple, low-cost microcontrollers used in applications such as electric toothbrushes to highly specialized, complex devices such as motor control. Our Embedded Processing products are used in many markets, particularly industrial and automotive.
An important characteristic of our Embedded Processing products is that our customers often invest their own R&D to write software that operates on our products. This investment tends to increase the length of our customer relationships because many customers prefer to reuse software from one product generation to the next.
3
Sales of Embedded Processing products generated about 16% of our revenue in 2024.
Our Embedded Processing segment includes microcontrollers, processors, wireless connectivity and radar products.