effect of periodic target asset allocation rebalancing. We adjust the results for the payment of reasonable expenses of the plan from plan assets. We believe our assumptions are appropriate based on the investment mix and long-term nature of the plans’ investments. Assumptions used for the non-U.S. defined benefit plans reflect the different economic environments within the various countries.
The target allocation ranges for the plans that hold a substantial majority of the defined benefit assets are as follows:
We rebalance the plans’ investments when they are outside the target allocation ranges.
Weighted average asset allocations as of December 31 are as follows:
None
of the plan assets related to the defined benefit pension plans and retiree health care benefit plan are directly invested in TI common stock.
The following assumed future benefit payments to plan participants in the next 10 years are used to measure our benefit obligations. Almost all of the payments, which may vary significantly from these assumptions, will be made from plan assets and not from company assets.
Assumed health care cost trend rates for the U.S. retiree health care benefit plan as of December 31 are as follows:
Deferred compensation plans
We have deferred compensation plans that allow U.S. employees whose base salary and management responsibility exceed a certain level to defer receipt of a portion of their cash compensation. Payments under these plans are made based on the participant’s distribution election and plan balance. Participants can earn a return on their deferred compensation based on notional investments in the same investment funds that are offered in our defined contribution plans.
As of December 31, 2024, our liability to participants of the deferred compensation plans was $
443
million and is recorded in other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. This amount reflects the accumulated participant deferrals and earnings thereon as of that date. We utilize total return swaps and investments in mutual funds that serve as economic hedges of our exposure to changes in the fair value of these liabilities. We record changes in the fair value of the liability and the related total return swaps and mutual funds in SG&A, as discussed in Note 6. As of December 31, 2024, we held $
11
million in mutual funds related to these plans that are recorded in long-term investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
48
8.
Debt and lines of credit
Short-term borrowings
We maintain a line of credit to provide additional liquidity through bank loans and, if necessary, to support commercial paper borrowings. As of December 31, 2024, the aforementioned line of credit was a variable-rate, revolving credit facility from a consortium of investment-grade banks that allows us to borrow up to $
1
billion until March 2025. The interest rate on borrowings under this credit facility, if drawn, is indexed to the applicable Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate