onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. From time to time, we receive inquiries from government entities regarding our compliance with laws and regulations, and we could be subject to related litigation, investigations or enforcement activity that can be unpredictable and time-consuming, as well as disruptions to our operations, or significant fines, penalties or other legal liability. Furthermore, should these laws, rules and regulations be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs or restrictions on our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business.
Increased focus from government authorities, investors, customers and other key stakeholders on environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters has led to new and more stringent reporting standards and disclosure requirements. As the nature, scope and complexity of ESG reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements expand, we might have to undertake costly efforts to control, assess and report on ESG metrics. Any failure, or perceived failure, to achieve stated goals or meet stakeholder expectations and standards could adversely affect our results of operations and reputation.
12
Some of these complex laws, rules and regulations – for example, those related to environmental, safety and health requirements – may particularly affect us in the jurisdictions in which we manufacture products, especially if such laws and regulations: require the use of abatement equipment beyond what we currently employ; require the addition or elimination of a material or process to or from our current manufacturing processes; or impose costs, fees or reporting requirements on the direct or indirect use of energy, natural resources, or materials or gases used or emitted into the environment in connection with the manufacture of our products. A substitute for a prohibited material or process might not be available, or might not be available at reasonable cost.
Our results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters.
We have facilities in more than 30 countries and as a result are subject to taxation and audit by a number of taxing authorities. Tax rates vary among the jurisdictions in which we operate. If our tax rate increases, our results of operations could be adversely affected. A number of factors could cause our tax rate to increase, including a change in the jurisdictions in which our profits are earned and taxed; a change in the mix of profits from those jurisdictions; changes in available tax credits or deductions, including for amounts relating to stock compensation; changes in applicable tax rates; changes in tariff regulations or surcharges; changes in accounting principles; or adverse resolution of audits by taxing authorities. We have deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or in our business