historical cost or any basis other than fair value.
5.
Postretirement benefit plans
Expenses related to defined benefit and retiree health care benefit plans are as follows:
6.
Debt and lines of credit
Short-term borrowings
We maintain a line of credit to provide additional liquidity through bank loans and, if necessary, to support commercial paper borrowings. As of March 31, 2025, the aforementioned line of credit was a variable-rate, revolving credit facility from a consortium of investment-grade banks that allows us to borrow up to $
1
billion until March 2026. The interest rate on borrowings under this credit facility, if drawn, is indexed to the applicable Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (Term SOFR). As of March 31, 2025, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had
no
commercial paper outstanding.
Long-term debt
In March 2025, we retired $
750
million of maturing debt.
11
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES
Long-term debt outstanding is as follows:
Interest and debt expense was $
128
million and $
116
million for the first quarters of 2025 and 2024, respectively. This was net of the amortized discounts, premiums and issuance and other related costs. Capitalized interest was $
4
million and $
6
million for the first quarters of 2025 and 2024, respectively.
12
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES
7.
Stockholders’ equity
Changes in equity are as follows:
8.
Contingencies
Indemnification guarantees
We routinely sell products with an intellectual property indemnification included in the terms of sale. Historically, we have had only minimal, infrequent losses associated with these indemnities. Consequently, we cannot reasonably estimate any future liabilities that may result.
Warranty costs/product liabilities
Our stated warranties for semiconductor products obligate us to repair, replace or credit the purchase price of a covered product back to the buyer. Product claim consideration may exceed the price of our products. Historically, we have experienced a low rate of payments on product claims. Although we cannot predict the likelihood or amount of any future claims, we do not believe they will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. We accrue for known product-related claims if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. During the periods presented, there have been no material accruals or payments regarding product warranty or product liability.
13
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES
General
We are subject to various legal and administrative proceedings. Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters, we believe that the results of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements.
9.
Supplemental financial information
Other long-term assets
Details on amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes, to net income
Our Consolidated Statements of