significant time and money required to build and maintain semiconductor manufacturing facilities.
Seasonality
Our revenue is subject to some seasonal variation. Historically, our sequential revenue growth rate tends to be weaker in the first and fourth quarters when compared with the second and third quarters.
Customers, sales and distribution
We sell our products to over 100,000 customers. Our customer base is diverse, with about half of our revenue derived from customers outside of our largest 50.
We market and sell our products through direct sales channels, including our website and broad sales and marketing team, and, to a lesser extent, through distributors. Over the past several years, we have been investing in new capabilities to build closer direct customer relationships. In 2024, about 80% of our revenue was direct, which includes TI.com. Our investments in new and improved capabilities to directly support our customers include order fulfillment services, inventory programs, business processes and logistics and website and e-commerce capabilities. Closer direct relationships with our customers help to strengthen our reach of market channel advantage and give us access to more customers and more of their design projects, leading to opportunities to sell more of our products into each design. Additionally, broader and deeper access gives us better insight and knowledge of customer needs.
In addition to doing business directly with TI, we offer customers the option of using a single worldwide distributor and a few region-specific distributors for order fulfillment.
Manufacturing
Semiconductor manufacturing begins with a sequence of photolithographic and chemical processing steps that fabricate a number of semiconductor devices on a thin silicon wafer. Each device on the wafer is packaged and tested. The entire process takes place in highly specialized facilities that require substantial investments.
We own and operate semiconductor manufacturing facilities in North America, Asia, Japan and Europe. These include both wafer fabrication and assembly/test facilities.
We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to make manufacturing and technology a core competitive advantage provides us with tangible benefits of lower manufacturing costs and greater control of our supply chain, offering our customers geopolitically dependable capacity. We have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing structural cost advantage by investing in our advanced 300mm capacity. An unpackaged chip built on a 300mm wafer costs about 40% less than an unpackaged chip built on a 200mm wafer.
We continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity plan to meet demand over time. Semiconductor growth in electronics, particularly in industrial and automotive markets, is expected to continue well into the future. Progress and investments