related intangibles on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic life of the assets. Capitalized software licenses are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the license. Fully depreciated or amortized assets are written off against accumulated depreciation or amortization.
Impairments of long-lived assets
We regularly review whether facts or circumstances exist that indicate the carrying values of property, plant and equipment or other long-lived assets, including intangible assets, are impaired. We assess the recoverability of assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with those assets to their respective carrying amounts. Any impairment charge is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. Fair value is determined by available market valuations, if applicable, or by discounted cash flows.
34
Goodwill
Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if certain impairment indicators arise. We perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including goodwill. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, or if we elect not to use a qualitative assessment, then we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. See Note 11 for additional information.
Foreign currency
The functional currency for our non-U.S. subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Accounts recorded in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are remeasured into the functional currency. Current assets (except inventories), deferred taxes, current liabilities and long-term liabilities are remeasured at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. Property, plant and equipment with associated depreciation and inventories are valued at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expense accounts other than depreciation for each month are calculated at the appropriate daily rate of exchange. Currency exchange gains and losses from remeasurement are credited or charged to OI&E.
Derivatives and hedging
We use derivative financial instruments to manage exposure to foreign exchange risk. These instruments are primarily forward foreign currency exchange contracts, which are used as economic hedges to reduce the earnings impact that exchange rate fluctuations may have on our non-U.S. dollar net balance sheet exposures. Gains and losses from changes in the fair value of these forward foreign currency exchange contracts are credited or charged to OI&E. We do not apply hedge accounting to our foreign currency derivative instruments.
We are exposed to variability in compensation charges related to certain deferred compensation obligations to employees. We use total return swaps to economically hedge this exposure and offset the related compensation expense, recognizing changes in the