fair value.
We estimate the fair values for non-qualified stock options using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:
We use market-based measures of implied volatility to determine expected volatility on all options granted. We determine expected lives of options based on the historical option exercise experience of our option holders using a rolling
10-year
average.
Expected dividend yields are based on the annualized approved quarterly dividend rate and the current market price of our common stock at the time of grant. No assumption for a future dividend rate change is included unless there is an approved plan to change the dividend in the near term.
36
Long-term incentive and director compensation plans
Stock option and RSU transactions under our long-term incentive and director compensation plans are as follows:
(a)
Forfeited and expired shares were not material.
As of December 31, 2024,
35
million shares remain available for future issuance under these plans.
Summarized information about stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2024, is as follows:
(a)
Includes effects of expected forfeitures. Excluding the effects of expected forfeitures, the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding was $
1.24
billion.
Effect on shares outstanding and treasury shares
Treasury shares were acquired in connection with the board-authorized stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2024, $
20.26
billion of stock repurchase authorizations remain, and no expiration date has been specified.
37
Our practice is to issue shares of common stock from treasury shares upon exercise of stock options, distribution of director deferred compensation and vesting of RSUs.
The following table reflects the changes in our treasury shares:
The effects on cash flows are as follows:
(a)
Net of taxes paid for employee shares withheld of $
39
million, $
46
million and $
50
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
4.
Income taxes
Income before income taxes is comprised of the following components:
Provision for income taxes is comprised of the following components:
Principal reconciling items from the U.S. statutory income tax rate to the effective tax rate (provision for income taxes as a percentage of income before income taxes) are as follows:
38
The earnings represented by non-cash operating assets, such as fixed assets and inventory, will continue to be permanently reinvested outside the United States. Provisions of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, such as the one-time tax on indefinitely reinvested earnings and the global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) tax for years beginning in 2018, eliminate any additional U.S. taxation resulting from repatriation of earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries to the United States. Consequently, no U.S. tax provision has been made for the future remittance of these earnings. However, withholding or distribution taxes in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions will be incurred