the projected benefit obligations as they exclude the impact of future salary increases, were $
470
million and $
480
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for the U.S. defined benefit plans, and $
1.47
billion and $
1.67
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for the non-U.S. defined benefit plans.
The change in AOCI is as follows:
Information on plan assets
We report and measure the plan assets of our defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans at fair value.
The tables below set forth the fair value of our plan assets using the same three-level hierarchy of fair-value inputs described in Note 6.
(a)
Consists of bond index and equity index funds, measured at net asset value per share, as well as cash equivalents.
46
(a)
Consists of bond index and equity index funds, measured at net asset value per share, as well as cash equivalents.
The investments in our major benefit plans largely consist of low-cost, broad-market index funds to mitigate risks of concentration within market sectors. Our investment policy is designed to better match the interest rate sensitivity of the plan assets and liabilities. The appropriate mix of equity and bond investments is determined primarily through the use of detailed asset-liability modeling studies that look to balance the impact of changes in the discount rate against the need to provide asset growth to cover future service cost. Most of our plans around the world have a greater proportion of fixed income securities with return characteristics that are more closely aligned with changes in the liabilities caused by discount rate volatility.
Assumptions and investment policies
We utilize a variety of methods to select an appropriate discount rate depending on the depth of the corporate bond market in the country in which the benefit plan operates. In the United States, we use a settlement approach whereby a portfolio of bonds is selected from the universe of actively traded high-quality U.S. corporate bonds. The selected portfolio is designed to simulate a portfolio that would provide cash flows sufficient to pay the plan’s expected benefit payments when due. The resulting discount rate reflects the rate of return of the selected portfolio of bonds. For our non-U.S. locations with a sufficient number of actively traded high-quality bonds, an analysis is performed in which the projected cash flows from the defined benefit plans are discounted against a yield curve constructed with an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds available in each country. In this manner, a present value is developed. The discount rate selected is the single equivalent rate that produces the same present value. For countries that lack a sufficient corporate bond market, a government bond index is used to establish the discount rate.
47
Assumptions for the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets are based on future expectations for returns for each asset class and the