in duration, involving rights to our portfolio or those of other companies. We do not consider our business materially dependent upon any one patent or patent license.
7
Information about our executive officers
The following is an alphabetical list of the names and ages of the executive officers of the company and the positions or offices with the company held by each person named:
The term of office of these officers is from the date of their election until their successor shall have been elected and qualified. All have been employees of the company for more than five years. Messrs. Bahai, Ilan, Kozanian, Lizardi, Ron and Templeton have served as executive officers of the company for more than five years. Mr. Gary became an executive officer in 2020. Mr. Roberts and Ms. Witzsche became executive officers in 2021. Mr. Leonard became an executive officer in 2022. Ms. Kane and Mr. Yunus became executive officers in 2024.
Human capital management
At December 31, 2024, we had about 34,000 employees worldwide. Of those, about 90% were in R&D, sales or manufacturing. Our objective for human capital management is to recruit, develop and retain the best talent possible. As a technology and manufacturing company, our success is grounded in having strong engineering talent and a reliable factory workforce. We have a promote-from-within culture and offer training and development programs that provide the opportunity to quickly gain experience in different areas. In 2024, our turnover rate was 9.1%.
It is important that our employees represent a mix of experiences and backgrounds in order to make our company stronger, more innovative and more inclusive. We encourage you to review our Corporate Citizenship Report for more information. Nothing in the Corporate Citizenship Report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this report.
Available information
Our internet address is www.ti.com. Information on our website is not part of this report. We make available free of charge through our Investor Relations website our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also available through the TI Investor Relations website are reports filed by our directors and executive officers on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments to those reports.
Available on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance: (i) our corporate governance guidelines; (ii) charters for the audit, compensation, and governance and stockholder relations committees of our board of directors; (iii) our code of conduct; and (iv) our code of ethics for TI’s chief executive officer and senior finance officers. Stockholders may request copies of these documents free of charge by writing to Texas Instruments Incorporated, Attention: Investor Relations, P.O. Box 660199, MS 8657, Dallas, Texas, 75266-0199.
8
ITEM 1A. Risk factors
You should read the following risk factors in