purpose.
ITEM 3. Legal proceedings
We are involved in various inquiries and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We believe that the amount of our liability, if any, will not have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
Pursuant to SEC regulation, we have elected to use a disclosure threshold of $1 million in monetary sanctions for environmental proceedings involving a governmental authority
.
ITEM 4. Mine safety disclosures
Not applicable.
16
PART II
ITEM 5. Market for Registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities
TI common stock is quoted on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol TXN. At December 31, 2024, we had 10,729 stockholders of record.
The following table contains information regarding our purchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2024.
(a)
All open-market purchases during the quarter were made under the authorizations from our board of directors to purchase up to $12.0 billion and $15.0 billion of additional shares of TI common stock announced September 20, 2018, and September 15, 2022, respectively.
(b)
As of December 31, 2024, this amount consisted of the remaining portion of the $12.0 billion authorized in September 2018 and the $15.0 billion authorized in September 2022. No expiration date has been specified for these authorizations.
ITEM 6. [Reserved]
17
ITEM 7. Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
Overview
We design and manufacture semiconductors that we sell to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Technology is the foundation of our company, but ultimately, our objective and the best metric for owners to measure our progress is through the growth of free cash flow per share over the long term.
Our strategy to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth has three elements:
1.
A great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages. The four sustainable competitive advantages are powerful in combination and provide tangible benefits:
(a)    A strong foundation of manufacturing and technology that provides lower costs and greater control of our supply chain.
(b)    A broad portfolio of analog and embedded processing products that offers more opportunity per customer and more value for our investments.
(c)    The reach of our market channels that gives access to more customers and more of their design projects, leading to the opportunity to sell more of our products into each design and gives us better insight and knowledge of customer needs.
(d)    Diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions that provide less single point dependency and longer returns on our investments.
Together, these competitive advantages help position TI in a unique class of companies capable of generating and