investments provided cash of $2.16 billion compared with $2.23 billion of cash used in the year-ago period.
As we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantages in manufacturing and technology, as part of our long-term capacity planning, our capital expenditures are expected to remain at elevated levels. For qualifying manufacturing investments, we expect to benefit from the 25% investment tax credit (ITC) established by the CHIPS Act, as well as direct funding of up to $1.6 billion for our three large-scale 300mm wafer fabs currently under construction in Sherman, Texas, and Lehi, Utah.
Financing activities for the first three months of 2025 used $2.54 billion compared with $1.83 billion of cash provided in the year-ago period. In 2025, we retired maturing debt of $750 million. In the year-ago period, we received net proceeds of $2.98 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt. Dividends paid were $1.24 billion compared with $1.18 billion in the year-ago period, reflecting an increased dividend rate. We used $653 million to repurchase 3.5 million shares of our common stock compared with $3 million in the year-ago period. Employee exercises of stock options provided cash proceeds of $118 million compared with $65 million in the year-ago period.
We had $2.76 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $2.24 billion of short-term investments as of March 31, 2025. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
Non-GAAP financial information
This MD&A includes references to free cash flow and ratios based on that measure. These are financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). Free cash flow is calculated as cash flows from operating activities (also referred to as cash flow from operations) less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from CHIPS Act incentives.
We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. These non-GAAP measures are supplemental to the comparable GAAP measures.
Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is provided in the table below.
*  Includes a cash benefit of $588 million from the CHIPS Act ITC used to reduce income taxes payable for the twelve months ended March 31, 2025
18
ITEM 4. Controls and procedures
An evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules