contained under the caption “Election of directors” in our proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, is incorporated herein by reference to such proxy statement.
A list of our executive officers and their biographical information appears in Part I, Item 1 of this report.
The information with respect to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 beneficial ownership reporting compliance contained under the caption “Delinquent Section 16(a) reports” in our proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders is incorporated herein by reference to such proxy statement.
Code of ethics
We have adopted the Code of Ethics for TI Chief Executive Officer and Senior Finance Officers. A copy of the Code can be found on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements of the SEC regarding amendments to, or waivers from, the Code by posting such information on the same website.
Audit committee
The information contained under the caption “Committees of the board” with respect to the audit committee and the audit committee financial expert in our proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders is incorporated herein by reference to such proxy statement.
Insider trading policies and procedures
The information contained under the caption “Insider trading policies and procedures” in our proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders is incorporated herein by reference to such proxy statement.
ITEM 11. Executive compensation
The information contained under the captions “Director compensation” and “Executive compensation” in our proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders is incorporated herein by reference to such proxy statement, provided that the Compensation Committee report shall not be deemed filed with this Form 10-K.
The information contained under the caption “Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation” in our proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders is incorporated herein by reference to such proxy statement.
58
ITEM 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters
Equity compensation plan information
The following table sets forth information about the company’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2024.
(a)
Includes shares of TI common stock to be issued under the Texas Instruments 2003 Director Compensation Plan, the Texas Instruments 2009 Director Compensation Plan, the TI Employees 2014 Stock Purchase Plan (the “2014 ESPP”), the Texas Instruments 2018 Director Compensation Plan (the “2018 Director Plan”), and the Texas Instruments 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “2024 LTIP”) and its predecessor stockholder-approved plans.
(b)
Restricted stock units and stock units credited to directors’ deferred compensation accounts are settled in shares of TI common stock on a one-for-one basis. Accordingly, such units have been excluded for