performance could affect our ability to realize those deferred tax assets, which could also affect our results of operations.
We are subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions that determine how much profit has been earned and when it is subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. These laws and regulations can be complex and subject to interpretation. In addition, many countries have enacted or begun the process of enacting laws that align with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations. Changes in these laws and regulations could affect the locations where we are deemed to earn income, which could in turn affect our results of operations. Each quarter we forecast our tax expense based on our forecast of our performance for the year. If that performance forecast changes, our forecasted tax expense will change.
We have received and may in the future continue to receive government incentives, including but not limited to tax incentives, designed to encourage certain investments in our operations. We may be subject to increased scrutiny from government entities, shareholders and others on how these incentives are used and spent. Such incentives could be subject to reduction, modification, clawback or termination, and such changes to these incentives could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to maintain freedom of operation.
Access to worldwide markets depends in part on the continued strength of our intellectual property portfolio in all jurisdictions where we conduct business. There can be no assurance that, as our business evolves, we will obtain the necessary intellectual property rights, or that we will be able to independently develop the technology, software or know-how necessary to conduct our business or that we can do so without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. To the extent that we have to rely on technology from others for which a license is required, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such a license at all or on terms we consider reasonable. We, directly and indirectly, face infringement claims from third parties, including nonpracticing entities that have acquired patents to pursue enforcement actions against other companies. We also face infringement claims where we or our customers make, use or sell products and where the intellectual property laws may be less established or less predictable. These assertions, whether or not of any merit, expose us to claims for damages and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as claims for indemnification by our customers in instances where we have a contractual or other legal obligation to indemnify them against damages resulting from infringement claims.
We actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. However, our