efforts cannot prevent all misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology and information, including, for example, third parties’ use of our patented or copyrighted technology, our trade secrets, or unauthorized copying and cloning, in their products without the right to do so, or third parties’ sale of counterfeit products bearing our trademark. Activities such as those listed above may affect our reputation and impede our ability to sell our products. The laws of countries where we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws.
13
Risks related to our financing activities and other risks
Our debt could affect our operations and financial condition.
From time to time, we issue debt securities with various interest rates and maturities. While we believe we will have the ability to service this debt, our ability to make principal and interest payments when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and business and other factors affecting our operations, including our other risk factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, our obligation to make principal and interest payments could divert funds that otherwise might be invested in our operations or returned to shareholders, or could cause us to raise funds by, for example, issuing new debt or equity or selling assets.
Our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets.
We maintain bank accounts, a portfolio of investments, access to one or more revolving credit agreements and the ability to issue debt to support the financing needs of the company. Our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts, and may depend on access to our bank credit lines that support commercial paper borrowings and provide additional liquidity through short-term bank loans. If we are unable to access these accounts and credit lines (for example, due to instability in the financial markets), our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected and our ability to access the capital markets or redeem our investments could be restricted.
Material impairments of our goodwill could adversely affect our results of operations.
We have a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. Charges associated with impairments of goodwill could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
ITEM 1B. Unresolved staff comments
Not applicable.
ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity risk management and strategy
Our cybersecurity risk management is based on recognized cybersecurity industry frameworks and standards, including those of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Center for Internet Security Controls, and