2024 and 2023, we had
no
Level 3 assets or liabilities.
42
The following are our assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis. These tables do not include cash on hand, assets held by our postretirement plans, or assets and liabilities that are measured at historical cost or any basis other than fair value.
7.
Postretirement benefit plans
Plan descriptions
We have various employee retirement plans, including defined contribution, defined benefit and retiree health care benefit plans. For qualifying employees, we offer deferred compensation arrangements.
U.S. retirement plans
Our principal retirement plans in the United States are a defined contribution plan, an enhanced defined contribution plan and qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans. The defined benefit plans were closed to new participants in 1997, and then current participants were allowed to make a one-time election to continue accruing a benefit in the plans or to cease accruing a benefit and instead to participate in the enhanced defined contribution plan.
Both defined contribution plans offer an employer-matching savings option that allows employees to make pretax and post-tax contributions to various investment choices. Employees who elected to continue accruing a benefit in the qualified defined benefit pension plans may also participate in the defined contribution plan, where employer-matching contributions are provided for up to
2
% of the employee’s annual eligible earnings. Employees who elected not to continue accruing a benefit in the defined benefit pension plans and employees hired after November 1997 and through December 31, 2003, may participate in the enhanced defined contribution plan. This plan provides for a fixed employer contribution of
2
% of the employee’s annual eligible earnings, plus an employer-matching contribution of up to
4
% of the employee’s annual eligible earnings. Employees hired after December 31, 2003, do not receive the fixed employer contribution of
2
% of the employee’s annual eligible earnings.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, as a result of employees’ elections, TI’s U.S. defined contribution plans held shares of TI common stock totaling
5
million shares in both periods valued at $
852
million and $
873
million, respectively. Dividends paid on these shares in 2024 and 2023 were $
26
million and $
27
million, respectively. Effective April 1, 2016, the TI common stock fund was frozen to new contributions or transfers into the fund.
Our aggregate expense for the U.S. defined contribution plans was $
76
million, $
75
million and $
70
million in 2024, 2023 and
2022, respectively.
The defined benefit pension plans include employees still accruing benefits, as well as employees and participants who no longer accrue service-related benefits, but instead, may participate in the enhanced defined contribution plan. Benefits under the qualified defined benefit pension plan are determined using a formula