independently identifiable component within the segments’ results and, therefore, is not provided.
With the exception of goodwill, we do not identify or allocate assets by operating segment, nor does the CODM evaluate operating segments using discrete asset information. We have no material intersegment revenue. The accounting policies of the segments are consistent with those described in the significant accounting policies and practices.
Segment information
6
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES
Geographic area information
Our estimate for revenue based on the geographic location of our end customers’ headquarters, which represents where critical decisions are made, is as follows:
(a)
Revenue from end customers headquartered in Germany was
11
% and
13
% in the first quarters of 2025 and 2024, respectively
.
2.
Basis of presentation and significant accounting policies and practices
Basis of presentation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) and on the same basis as the audited financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. The Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income and Cash Flows for the periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025, are not audited but reflect all adjustments that are of a normal recurring nature and are necessary for a fair statement of the results of the periods shown. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual consolidated financial statements have been omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Because the consolidated interim financial statements do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for a complete set of financial statements, they should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. The results for the three-month periods are not necessarily indicative of a full year’s results.
7
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES
Significant accounting policies and practices
Earnings per share (EPS)
We use the two-class method for calculating EPS because the restricted stock units (RSUs) we grant are participating securities containing nonforfeitable rights to receive dividend equivalents. Under the two-class method, a portion of net income is allocated to RSUs and excluded from the calculation of income allocated to common stock.
Computation and reconciliation of earnings per common share are as follows:
Potentially dilutive securities representing
10
million and
14
million shares of common stock that were outstanding during the first quarters of 2025 and 2024, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share during these periods