inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems.
Breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, ransomware, malware, software vulnerabilities, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, nation-state espionage, employee malfeasance, use of artificial intelligence (AI) tools, or human error. These events could, among other things, compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our or our customers’, suppliers’, and other third parties’ confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations (including our online services, platforms and transactions); result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation, regulatory inquiries or penalties, or claims for damages, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties are frequent, increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving, thereby making them more difficult to detect, mitigate and defend against.
Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations.
From time to time, we undertake strategic, business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, capital investments and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth, cost savings or other benefits of strategic, business and organizational changes, and charges associated with these actions could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations.
Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate.
We have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or epidemics that could adversely affect manufacturing capacity, availability and cost of key materials, services, utilities and equipment or otherwise disrupt operations. Climate change might exacerbate these occurrences or cause natural disasters to occur with greater frequency and with more intense effects. A natural