include:
6
•
Ramping production in 300mm wafer fabrication facilities RFAB2 in Richardson, Texas, and LFAB1 in Lehi, Utah.
•
Equipping SM1 and continuing construction on SM2 in Sherman, Texas, where we are building four 300mm wafer fabrication facilities.
•
Continuing construction on LFAB2, another 300mm wafer fabrication facility in Lehi, Utah.
Together, these investments are designed to strengthen our manufacturing and technology competitive advantage, provide us with lower costs and greater control of our supply chain, and support growth in the years ahead.
We assess and are careful to address potential health, safety and environmental risks presented by our operations, including our manufacturing operations. We care for our environment and work to prevent pollution and the potential risks related to climate change. We invest to reduce emissions over the long term in several ways, including installing new factory equipment with state-of-the-art emissions reduction technology, as well as retrofitting existing factory equipment with advanced abatement technology, in addition to using alternative gases and increasing the use of renewable electricity. We also continue to implement practices such as recycling and reusing materials and properly handling hazardous and restricted substances.
We expect to continue to maintain sufficient internal manufacturing capacity to meet the majority of our production needs and to obtain manufacturing equipment to support new technology developments and revenue growth. In 2024, we sourced the majority of our wafer fabrication, as well as assembly and test, internally. With our planned capacity expansions, we expect our internal sourcing to continue to increase. To supplement our internal manufacturing capacity, we selectively use the capacity of outside suppliers, commonly known as foundries and subcontractors.
Inventory
Our objectives for inventory are to maintain high levels of customer service, maintain dependable and competitive lead times, minimize inventory obsolescence and improve manufacturing asset utilization. To meet these objectives and to allow greater flexibility in periods of high demand, our strategy is to build ahead of demand our broad-based products that are used across a diverse set of applications and customers and have low risk of obsolescence. Inventory levels will vary based on market conditions and seasonality.
Raw materials
We source materials, parts and supplies from a diverse set of suppliers globally. The materials, parts and supplies essential to our business are generally available, and we believe that such materials, parts and supplies will be available in the foreseeable future.
Intellectual property
We own many patents and have many patent applications pending in the United States and other countries in fields relating to our business. We have developed a strong, broad-based patent portfolio and continually add patents to that portfolio. We also have license agreements, which vary