statements issued for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
TI management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria) in Internal Control − Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on the COSO criteria.
TI’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which immediately follows this report.
56
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Texas Instruments Incorporated
Opinion on internal control over financial reporting
We have audited Texas Instruments Incorporated’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Texas Instruments Incorporated (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes, and our report dated February 14, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying report by management on internal control over financial reporting. Our