cause us to write off the value of related inventory. We maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims. In addition, it is possible for a customer to recall a product containing a TI part, for example, with respect to products used in automotive applications or handheld electronics, which may cause us to incur costs and expenses relating to the recall. Improper, incorrect, illicit or unauthorized storage, handling, modification, diversion or use of our products, or use of counterfeit products, by third parties could result in reputational harm. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
Our results of operations could be adversely affected by distributors’ promotion of competing product lines or our distributors’ financial performance.
In 2024, about 20% of our revenue was generated from sales of our products through distributors. Our distributors carry competing product lines, and our sales could be affected if semiconductor distributors promote competing products over our products. Moreover, our results of operations could be affected if our distributors suffer financial difficulties that result in their inability to pay amounts owed to us. Disputes with current or former distributors could be disruptive or harmful to our business.
Our margins vary.
Our profit margins vary due to a number of factors, which may include customer demand and shipment volume; capital expenditures and resulting depreciation; our manufacturing processes; product mix; inventory levels; tariffs; freight costs; and new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting practices or standards. In addition, we operate in a highly competitive market environment that might adversely affect pricing for our products. Because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed. With our planned capacity expansions, capital expenditures and depreciation have increased. In general, these fixed costs do not decline with reductions in customer demand or factory loadings, and can adversely affect profit margins as a result.
Legal and regulatory risks
Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject.
We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations on an international, national and local level that affect our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, the environment and climate change; safety; health; trade, including import and export; bribery and corruption; financial reporting; tax; data privacy and protection; labor and employment; competition; facilities and code compliance; market access; pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises; intellectual property ownership and infringement; and the movement of currency. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be