and 2022, respectively. Capitalized interest was $
20
million, $
11
million and $
6
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
9.
Leases
We conduct certain operations in leased facilities and also lease a portion of our data processing and other equipment. In addition, certain long-term supply agreements to purchase industrial gases are accounted for as operating leases. Lease agreements frequently include renewal provisions and require us to pay real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs.
Our leases are included as a component of the following balance sheet lines:
50
Details of our operating leases are as follows:
As of December 31, 2024, we had committed to make the following minimum payments under our noncancelable operating leases:
The weighted average remaining lease term was
10.8
years and
11.7
years as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted average discount rate was
4.53
% and
4.22
% as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
10.
Commitments and contingencies
Purchase commitments
Our purchase commitments include payments for software licenses and contractual arrangements with suppliers when there is a fixed, noncancelable payment schedule or when minimum payments are due with a reduced delivery schedule.
As of December 31, 2024, we had committed to make the following minimum payments under our purchase commitments:
Indemnification guarantees
We routinely sell products with an intellectual property indemnification included in the terms of sale. Historically, we have had only minimal, infrequent losses associated with these indemnities. Consequently, we cannot reasonably estimate any future liabilities that may result.
Warranty costs/product liabilities
Our stated warranties for semiconductor products obligate us to repair, replace or credit the purchase price of a covered product back to the buyer. Product claim consideration may exceed the price of our products. Historically, we have experienced a low rate of payments on product claims. Although we cannot predict the likelihood or amount of any future claims, we do not believe they will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. We accrue for known product-related claims if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. During the periods presented, there have been no material accruals or payments regarding product warranty or product liability.
51
General
We are subject to various legal and administrative proceedings. Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters, we believe that the results of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements.
11.
Supplemental financial information
Restructuring charges/other
During 2024, restructuring charges/other was a credit of $
124
million primarily due to a gain on the sale of a property. During 2023, there were
no
restructuring charges/other. During 2022, restructuring charges/other was a cost of $
257