net proceeds from this offering to fund the cost of entering into the capped call transactions (“the Capped Calls”) for approximately $
141
million. The Capped Calls have an initial cap price of $
95.81
per share and are classified as equity with no subsequent remeasurement.
Holders of the 2028 Convertible Notes may convert their notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 1, 2028 only under the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least
20
trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of
30
consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to
130
% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the
five
business day period after any
ten
consecutive trading day period (the “2028 Convertible Notes measurement period”) in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture governing the 2028 Convertible Notes) per $1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the 2028 Convertible Notes measurement period was less than
98
% of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) if we call such notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the applicable redemption date; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after September 1, 2028 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances.
As of March 31, 2025, none of the conditions permitting the holders of the 2028 Convertible Notes to convert their notes early had been met. Therefore, the 2028 Convertible Notes were classified as long-term.
The initial conversion rate is 13.7848 shares of the common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $
72.54
per share of the common stock. The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. Upon conversion of the 2028 Convertible Notes, we must pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be converted and pay or deliver as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election in respect of the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the notes being converted.
We may not redeem the notes prior to December 5, 2026. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the notes, at our option, on or after December 5, 2026, if the last reported sale price