used, and/or a complex, developing regulatory environment.
Our growing use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) (including machine learning) in our business and offerings presents additional risks. This technology presents a number of risks inherent in its use. AI algorithms or automated decision-making or processing of data may be flawed and datasets may be insufficient or contain inaccurate or biased information, which can create inaccurate or
60
discriminatory outcomes. AI tools and algorithms may use third-party AI with unclear intellectual property rights or interests. Intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, of generative and other AI output, have not been fully interpreted by courts or regulations. Europe, the United States and other countries are enacting or may consider comprehensive legal compliance frameworks specifically for AI, which is a trend that may increase now that European lawmakers have passed the first such framework, the European Artificial Intelligence Act (“AI Act”), which came into effect in August 2024. Further, more specific AI-related laws and regulations have been enacted, and are expected to continue to be enacted, around the world. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business. AI use or management by us or others, including certain decisions based (whether partially or solely) on automated processing or profiling, inappropriate or controversial data practices, or insufficient disclosures regarding machine learning and algorithms or AI-generated content, have impaired and could impair the acceptance of AI solutions or subject us to lawsuits, regulatory investigations or other harm, such as negative impacts to the value of our intellectual property or our brand. These and other deficiencies could also undermine the decisions, predictions or analysis AI applications produce, or lead to unintentional bias and discrimination, subjecting us to competitive harm, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. The rapid evolution of AI may require us to allocate additional resources to help implement AI ethically in order to minimize unintended or harmful impacts, and may also require us to make additional investments in the development of proprietary datasets, machine learning models or other systems, which may be costly.
We are subject to climate risks, including physical and transitional risks, and if we are unable to manage such risks, our business may be adversely impacted.
We face climate-related physical and transition risks, which include risks associated with market shifts toward more sustainable or renewable forms of energy and energy conservation. In the context of our business, this includes market shifts toward electric vehicles (“EVs”) and lower carbon business models, and potential increased energy costs. If we fail, or are perceived to fail, to keep up with these market shifts, including changes in consumer