through 2025 remain open; the major tax jurisdictions are the U.S., Australia, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom (“UK”).
An estimate of changes to unrecognized tax benefits recorded as of March 31, 2025, that are reasonably possible to occur within the next 12 months cannot be made.
In the event we experience an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”), our ability to utilize net operating losses, tax credits and other tax attributes may be limited. The most recent analysis of our historical ownership changes was completed through March 31, 2025. Based on the analysis, we do not anticipate a current limitation on the tax attributes.
We regularly assess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. In making that assessment, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets to determine, based on the weight of all available evidence, whether it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
Based on available evidence, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance against the California R&D credits, as we believe it is not more-likely-than-not to be realized, as we expect R&D tax credit generation to exceed our ability to use these credits in future periods.
Furthermore, based on available evidence, we believe it is more-likely-than-not that the Netherlands’ net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. We will continue to maintain a valuation allowance against these net deferred tax assets. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and tax planning strategies by jurisdiction.
Based on our assessment of current income and anticipated future earnings, there is a reasonable possibility that we will have sufficient evidence to release a significant portion of the valuation allowance in the Netherlands within the next 12 months. However, our judgment regarding future earnings and the exact timing and amount of any valuation allowance release is subject to change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and/or tax planning strategies. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of net deferred tax assets on our consolidated balance sheet and would result in an income tax benefit in the period the release is recorded.
Note 7 – Net Income (Loss) Per Share
Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the periods presented. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock. For diluted net income (loss) per share, the dilutive effect of outstanding