development. Expenses also include ongoing improvements to, and maintenance of, existing products and services, and allocation of certain corporate costs. We expense substantially all research and development expenses as incurred.
We would expect research and development expenses to increase on an absolute dollar basis and vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue as we continue to invest in research and development activities relating to ongoing improvements to and maintenance of our platform offerings and other research and development programs.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses primarily consist of compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, for executive management and administrative employees, including finance and accounting, human resources, policy and communications, legal, and certain impairment charges, as well as allocation of certain corporate costs, occupancy, and general corporate insurance costs. General and administrative expenses also include certain legal-related accruals and expenses.
We would expect general and administrative expenses to increase on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future as our business continues to grow and Trip volume increases, but decrease as a percentage of revenue as we achieve improved fixed cost leverage and efficiencies in our internal support functions. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue may vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue due to the variability of legal and regulatory-related expenses.
Depreciation and Amortization
Depreciation and amortization expenses primarily consist of depreciation on buildings, site improvements, computer and network equipment, software, leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures, and amortization of intangible assets. Depreciation includes
30
expenses associated with buildings, site improvements, computer and network equipment, furniture and fixtures, as well as leasehold improvements. Amortization includes expenses associated with our capitalized internal-use software and acquired intangible assets.
Interest Expense
Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with our outstanding debt, including amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. For additional detail related to our debt obligations, see Note 3 – Long-Term Debt and Credit Arrangements in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Other Income (Expense), Net
Other income (expense), net primarily includes the following items:
•
Interest income, which consists primarily of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted investments.
•
Foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net, which consist primarily of remeasurement of transactions and monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the