payments.
In addition, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) has led international efforts among approximately 140 countries and taxing jurisdictions to propose and implement changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, including a framework that imposes a minimum tax rate of 15% in each taxing jurisdiction. Under this guidance, we will be required to determine a combined effective tax rate for all entities located in a jurisdiction. If the jurisdictional effective tax rate determined under these rules is less than 15%, a top-up tax will be due to bring the jurisdictional effective tax rate up to 15%. We are continuing to monitor the pending implementation of these rules by individual countries and the potential impact on our business. We expect the provisions effective in 2025 to have an insignificant impact on our tax obligations for 2025.
Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments
Income (loss) from equity method investments primarily includes the results of our share of income or loss from our equity method investments.
31
Results of Operations
The following table summarizes our condensed consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods presented (in millions):
The following table sets forth the components of our condensed consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue
(1)
:
(1)
Totals of percentage of revenues may not foot due to rounding.
32
The following discussion and analysis is for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024.
Revenue
Revenue increased
$1.4 billion
, or 14%, primarily attributable to an increase in Gross Bookings of 14%. The increase in Gross Bookings was primarily driven by an increase in Mobility and Delivery Trip volumes.
Cost of Revenue, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization
Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $769 million, or 12%, mainly due to a $238 million increase in Driver payments and incentives that are recorded in cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, as a result of increased Mobility Gross Bookings in certain markets, a $197 million increase in insurance expense primarily due to an increase in insurance rate per mile and miles driven in our Mobility business, a $178 million increase in Courier payments and incentives that are recorded in cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, as a result of increased Delivery Gross Bookings in certain markets, and a $54 million increase in credit card processing costs, as a result of increased Gross Bookings.
Operations and Support
Operations and support expenses decreased $17 million, or 2%, primarily attributable to a decrease in stock-based compensation.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses increased $140 million, or 15%, primarily attributable to a $65 million increase in consumer discounts, promotions, credits and refunds to $371 million