also may face liability relating to periods before the effective date of Proposition 22. The California Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of Proposition 22; however, legal challenges, including constitutional challenges, to Proposition 22 may continue to be filed.
We face similar challenges in other jurisdictions within the United States and abroad. For example, in July 2020, the Massachusetts Attorney General filed a complaint against Uber and Lyft, alleging that drivers are misclassified, and seeking an injunction. That case was resolved in June 2024 with the understanding that drivers would continue to be classified as independent contractors. If we do not prevail in current litigation or similar actions that may be brought in the future, we may be required to treat Drivers as employees and/or make other changes to our business model in certain jurisdictions. If, as a result of legislation or judicial decisions, we are required to classify Drivers as employees, we would incur significant additional expenses for compensating Drivers, including expenses associated with the application of wage and hour laws (including minimum wage, overtime, and meal and rest period requirements), employee benefits, social security contributions, taxes (direct and indirect), and potential penalties. In this case, we anticipate significant price increases for Riders to offset these additional costs; however, we believe that the financial impact to Uber would be moderated by the likelihood of other industry participants being similarly affected. Additionally, we may not have adequate Driver supply as Drivers may opt out of our platform given the loss of flexibility under an employment model, and we may not be able to hire a majority of the Drivers currently using our platform. Further, any such reclassification would require us to fundamentally change our business model, and consequently have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
Other examples of judicial decisions include a decision by the French Supreme Court that a driver for a third-party meal delivery service was under a “subordinate relationship” of the service, indicating an employment relationship, a decision by the French Supreme Court that reclassified an UberX Driver as an employee (which has been followed by inconsistent appellate decisions regarding employee status), decisions by several Swiss governmental bodies ruling that Drivers should be classified as employees for Swiss social security or regulatory purposes, a recent Spanish regulation of food delivery platforms that presumes employment status and a ruling in September 2021 by a Netherlands court that Mobility Drivers are employees within the meaning of the taxi collective bargaining agreement. As another example, in December 2024, the Mexican Congress passed a bill to amend Mexico’s Federal Labor Law and reclassify all mobility and delivery earners who make more than one minimum