Driver supply, macroeconomic conditions, global travel activities and management pricing and promotional activities.
For additional discussion related to our revenue, see the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates - Revenue Recognition” as well as “Note 1 – Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Revenue Recognition” and “Note 2 – Revenue” to our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and Note 8 – Segment Information and Geographic Information in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Cost of Revenue, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization
Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, primarily consists of costs incurred for certain Mobility and Delivery transactions where we are primarily responsible for Mobility and Delivery services and pay Drivers and Couriers for services, certain insurance costs related to our Mobility and Delivery offerings, costs incurred with Carriers for Uber Freight transportation services, credit card processing fees, bank fees, data center and networking expenses, mobile device and service costs, and amounts related to fare chargebacks and other credit card losses.
We expect that cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, will fluctuate on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future primarily driven by Trip volume changes on the platform.
Operations and Support
Operations and support expenses primarily consist of compensation expenses, including stock-based compensation, for employees that support operations in cities, including the general managers, Driver operations, platform user support representatives and community managers. Also included is the cost of customer support, Driver background checks and the allocation of certain corporate costs.
We would expect operations and support expenses to vary from period to period on an absolute dollar basis, but decrease as a percentage of revenue as we become more efficient in supporting platform users.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of advertising costs, product marketing costs, consumer discounts, promotions, credits and refunds provided to end-users who are not customers, compensation costs, including stock-based compensation to sales and marketing employees, and the allocation of certain corporate costs. We expense advertising and other promotional expenditures as incurred.
We would expect sales and marketing expenses to vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue due to timing of marketing campaigns.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses primarily consist of compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, for employees in engineering, design and product