involved in, legal proceedings, litigation, claims, and government investigations in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the nature of our business exposes us to claims related to the classification of Drivers and the compliance of our business with applicable law. This risk is enhanced in certain jurisdictions outside the United States where we may be less protected under local laws than we are in the United States. Although the results of the legal proceedings, claims, and government investigations in which we are involved cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the final outcome of these matters is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. Regardless of final outcomes, however, any such legal proceedings, claims, and government investigations may nonetheless impose a significant burden on management and employees and may come with costly defense costs or unfavorable preliminary and interim rulings.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the sections titled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this
43
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any of the following risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material.
Risk Factor Summary
The following are some of these risks, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business financial condition, operating results, or prospects.
•
Our business would be adversely affected if Drivers were classified as employees, workers or quasi-employees instead of independent contractors.
•
The mobility, delivery, and logistics industries are highly competitive, with well-established and low-cost alternatives that have been available for decades, low barriers to entry, low switching costs, and well-capitalized competitors in nearly every major geographic region.
•
To remain competitive in certain markets, we have in the past lowered, and may continue to lower, fares or service fees, and we have in the past offered, and may continue to offer, significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions.
•
We have incurred significant losses, including in the United States and other major markets. We expect our operating