conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions, which affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are based on historical experience, where applicable, and other assumptions which management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates estimates, including, but not limited to: fair values of investments and other financial instruments (including the measurement of credit or impairment losses); useful lives of amortizable long-lived assets; fair value of acquired intangible assets and related impairment assessments; impairment of goodwill; stock-based compensation; income taxes and non-income tax reserves; certain deferred tax assets and tax liabilities; insurance reserves; and other contingent liabilities. These estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ from those estimates.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures,” which requires disaggregated information about a reporting entity’s effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended to benefit investors by providing more detailed income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions. The standard will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures,” which requires disclosure of additional information about specific expense categories underlying certain income statement expense line items. The standard will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
12
Note 2 – Investments and Fair Value Measurement
Investments
Our investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets consisted of the following (in millions):
(1)
Excluding marketable debt securities classified as cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents.
(2)
These balances include certain investments recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings due to the election of the fair value option of accounting for financial instruments.
(3)
In connection with Aurora’s November 2021 initial public offering, we are subject to a lock-up agreement in which our ability to sell or transfer our shares in Aurora is partially restricted