working capital requirements, collateral requirements, potential acquisitions, potential prepayments of contested indirect tax assessments (“pay-to-play”), and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. We intend to continue to evaluate and may, in certain circumstances, take preemptive action to preserve liquidity.
40
Share Repurchase Program
In February 2024, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $7.0 billion in shares of our outstanding common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the discretion of management, depending on market conditions and other factors. Repurchases may be made through open market purchases and accelerated share repurchases. The exact number of shares to be repurchased by us, if any, is not guaranteed. Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended at any time or periodically without prior notice.
In January 2025, we announced that we entered into an accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) agreement with a large financial institution to repurchase $1.5 billion of our outstanding common stock as part of our previously announced Share Repurchase Program. The transactions under the ASR agreement were completed during the first quarter of 2025.
As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately $4.0 billion available to repurchase shares pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program. For additional information, see Note 5 – Stockholders' Equity in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Non-Income Tax Matters
As of March 14, 2022, we modified our operating model in the UK, such that as of that date Uber UK is a merchant of transportation and is required to remit VAT. Uber UK is remitting VAT under the Value Added (Tour Operators) Order 1987 (“VAT Order 1987”), which allows for VAT remittance on a calculated margin, rather than on Gross Bookings.
As of March 31, 2025, we have received multiple assessments from the HMRC disputing our application of VAT Order 1987 for the period of March 2022 to September 2024, totaling approximately $1.8 billion (£1.4 billion) for unpaid VAT. Uber paid the assessments in order to proceed with the appeal process. The payments do not represent our acceptance of the assessments.
The payments made in 2023 through 2025 are recorded as a receivable in other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet because we believe that we will be successful in our appeal, upon which, the full amount of our payments will be returned to us with interest upon completion of the appeals process. We expect to receive additional assessments related to this matter. HMRC has expressed their intention to not enforce assessments pending the determination of the appeal of a competitor on a related matter. If payment of future assessments is required, the payments would decrease