preferences and evolving stakeholder expectations, we may lose customers or face criticism from the media or our stakeholders, and our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Physical climate risks include risks related to extreme weather events or natural disasters, and include extreme storms and temperatures, flooding, droughts, freezes, wildfires, earthquakes and tsunamis, as well as chronic changes such as sea-level rise. Climate-related events, including the increasing frequency, severity and duration of extreme weather events and their impact on critical infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere, have the potential to disrupt our business, our third-party suppliers, and the business of merchants, Shippers, Carriers and Drivers using our platform, and may cause us to experience higher losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. While we and third parties may take various actions to mitigate business risks associated with climate-related events, this may require incurring substantial costs and may not be successful, due to, among other things, the uncertainty associated with the longer-term projections associated with managing climate risks. Additionally, we are or may become subject to emerging environmental and social laws and regulations, including climate policies such as California’s climate-related disclosure legislation (SB 219) and regulations adopted in California in May 2021 requiring 90% of vehicle miles traveled by rideshare fleets in California to have been in zero emission vehicles by 2030, with interim targets beginning in 2023. Certain jurisdictions have also developed and implemented rules to address the environmental impact of rideshare, and additional jurisdictions may consider similar rules and regulations. We are also subject to the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, which was adopted in the European Union in December 2022. In addition, Drivers may be subject to climate-related policies that indirectly impact our business, such as the Congestion Charge Zone and Ultra Low Emission Zone schemes adopted in London that impose fees on drivers in fossil-fueled vehicles, which may impact our ability to attract and maintain Drivers on our platform, and to the extent we experience Driver supply constraints in a given market, we may need to increase Driver incentives.
Additional regulations may require us to incur significant additional costs to comply, including increased costs related to reporting, the implementation of extensive internal controls processes and procedures regarding matters that have not been subject to such levels of controls in the past, and impose increased oversight obligations on our management and board of directors, as well as require us to hire third party experts. Additional regulatory requirements may also end up exposing us to increased activism, litigation and enforcement. All of these risks may also impact