conditions and is expected to close in the second half of 2025.
Foodpanda Taiwan
In January 2025, the Taiwan Fair Trade Commission issued a decision prohibiting us from acquiring
100
% ownership interest in Delivery Hero SE’s Foodpanda delivery business in Taiwan (“Foodpanda Taiwan”). In the fourth quarter of 2024, we recorded an expense of $
236
million in other income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of operations for the settlement of a termination fee. In April 2025, we settled the termination fee in cash.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) regarding interim financial reporting. The condensed consolidated balance sheet, as of December 31, 2024, included herein was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. As such, the information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year.
In the opinion of management, these financial statements include all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, necessary for a fair statement of the financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and the change in equity for the periods presented.
There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2025, that have had a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes.
In Note 10 – Variable Interest Entities, certain prior period disclosures related to our unconsolidated variable interest entities (“VIEs”) are presented to conform to the current period presentation. This change had no impact on our previously reported total assets, total liabilities, results of operations, comprehensive income or net cash flows from operating, financing or investing activities.
11
Basis of Consolidation
Our condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Uber Technologies, Inc. and entities consolidated under the variable interest and voting models. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Refer to Note 10 – Variable Interest Entities for further information.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in