compared to $306 million in the same period in 2024, a $46 million increase in indirect advertising and marketing, and a $23 million increase in employee headcount costs.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses increased $25 million, or 3%, primarily attributable to a $63 million increase in employee headcount costs, partially offset by a $35 million decrease in stock-based compensation.
33
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses decreased $552 million, or 46%, primarily attributable to a decrease in legal-related accruals and expenses.
Depreciation and Amortization
Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased
$19 million, or 10%, primarily attributable to various acquired intangible assets becoming fully amortized during the period.
Interest
Expense
Interest expense
decreased
$19 million, or 15% primarily attributable to debt refinancing activities in the second half of 2024.
Other Income (Expense), Net
**    Percentage not meaningful.
Unrealized gain (loss) on debt and equity securities, net increased by $772 million primarily due to changes in the fair value of our equity securities. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, unrealized loss on debt and equity securities, net, primarily includes: a $505 million unrealized loss on our Aurora investment, a $123 million unrealized loss on our Grab investment, and a $69 million unrealized loss on our Didi investment.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, unrealized gain on debt and equity securities, net, primarily includes: a $155 million unrealized gain on our Didi investment, a $137 million unrealized gain on our Aurora investment, partially offset by a $102 million unrealized loss on our Grab investment, and a $139 million net unrealized loss on our other investments. For additional information, refer to Note 2 – Investments and Fair Value Measurement in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
34
Provision for Income Taxes
**    Percentage not meaningful.
The change in our income tax provision is a result of the release of our valuation allowance of certain U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of 2024.
Loss from Equity Method Investments
The change in loss from equity method investments
was not material.
Segment Results of Operations
We operate our business as three operating and reportable segments: Mobility, Delivery and Freight. For additional information about our segments, see Note 8 – Segment Information and Geographic Information in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Revenue
Segment Adjusted EBITDA
(1)
Includes costs that are not directly attributable to our reportable segments. Corporate G&A also includes certain shared costs such as finance, accounting, tax, human resources, information technology and legal costs. Platform