revenue levels and decrease proportionate expenses in future periods to achieve or maintain profitability in many of our largest markets, including in the United States, and even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase profitability. We may incur losses in the near term as a result of substantial increases in our operating expenses, as we continue to invest in order to: increase the number of Drivers, consumers, merchants, Shippers, and Carriers using our platform through incentives, discounts, and promotions; expand within existing or into new markets; increase our research and development expenses; expand marketing channels and operations; hire additional employees; and add new products and offerings to our platform. These efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these expenses. Many of our efforts to generate revenue are new and unproven, and any failure to adequately increase revenue or contain the related costs could prevent us from attaining or increasing profitability. In addition, we sometimes introduce new products that we expect to add value to our overall platform and network but which we expect will generate lower Gross Bookings per Trip or a lower Revenue Margin. Further, we may charge a lower service fee to certain of our merchant partners on our Delivery offering to grow the number of Delivery consumers, which may at times result in a negative Revenue Margin with respect to those transactions after considering amounts collected from consumers and paid to Drivers. As we expand our offerings to additional cities, our offerings in these cities may be less profitable than the markets in which we currently operate. As such, we may not be able to maintain profitability in the near term, in accordance with our expectations, or at all. Additionally, we may not realize the operating efficiencies we expect to achieve as a result of our prior or future acquisitions. Even if we do experience operating efficiencies, our operating results may not improve, at least in the near term.
If we are unable to attract or maintain a sufficient number of Drivers, consumers, merchants, Shippers, and Carriers, whether as a result of competition or other factors, our platform will become less appealing to platform users, and our financial results would be adversely impacted.
Our success in a given geographic market significantly depends on our ability to develop our network scale and liquidity in that geographic market by attracting Drivers, consumers, merchants, Shippers, and Carriers to our platform. If Drivers choose not to offer their services through our platform, we may lack a sufficient supply of Drivers to attract consumers and merchants to our platform. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience Driver supply constraints in most geographic markets in
48
which we operate. To the extent that we experience Driver supply constraints in a given