traffic accidents, deaths, injuries, or other incidents that are caused by Drivers, consumers, or third parties while using our platform, or even when Drivers, consumers, or third parties are not actively using our platform. On a smaller scale, we may face litigation related to claims by Drivers for the actions of consumers or third parties. Furthermore, operating a motor vehicle is inherently dangerous. In addition, the growth of our Delivery offering and launch of lower-cost product types has led to an increase in Drivers and consumers on two wheel vehicles such as scooters and bicycles, who are more vulnerable road users and face a more severe level of injury in the event of a collision than that faced while driving in a vehicle. For example, urban hazards such as unpaved or uneven roadways increase the risk and severity of potential injuries. In addition, Drivers, in particular those on two wheel vehicles predominantly in metropolitan areas, need to share, navigate, and at times contend with narrow and heavily congested roads occupied by cars, buses and light rail, especially during “rush” hours, all of which heighten the potential risk of injuries or death. Our auto liability and general liability insurance policies may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed, and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability. These incidents may subject us to liability, negative publicity, and regulatory scrutiny, which would increase our operating costs and adversely affect our business, operating results, and future prospects. Even if these claims do not result in liability, we will incur significant costs in investigating and defending against them. As we expand our products and offerings, this insurance risk will grow.
We are making substantial investments in new offerings and technologies, and may increase such investments in the future. These new ventures are inherently risky, and we may never realize any expected benefits from them.
We have made substantial investments to develop new offerings and technologies, and we intend to continue investing significant resources in developing new technologies, tools, features, services, products and offerings. For example, through our acquisition of Cornershop, a provider of online grocery delivery in several countries including Mexico and Chile, we expanded our Delivery offering to grocery delivery. Additionally, in October 2021, we acquired The Drizly Group, Inc. in order to further expand our Delivery offering to alcohol. In November 2021, our subsidiary Uber Freight acquired Transplace, expanding Uber Freight’s business through Transplace’s expertise in transportation management. We also plan to invest resources to develop offerings and technologies in the markets in which Postmates operate. If we do not spend our development budget efficiently or effectively on commercially successful and innovative technologies, we may not realize the expected benefits of our strategy. Our new