Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected.
PART II - OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We are a party to various legal actions and government investigations, and similar or other actions could be brought against us in the future. The most significant of these matters are described below.
Legal Proceedings Described in Note 9 – Commitments and Contingencies to Our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 9 – Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes information on legal proceedings that constitute material contingencies for financial reporting purposes that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity or results of operations if they were resolved in a manner that is adverse to us. This item should be read in conjunction with Note 9
for information regarding the following material legal proceedings, which information is incorporated into this item by reference:
•
Driver Classification
•
State Unemployment Taxes
Legal Proceedings That Are Not Described in Note 9 – Commitments and Contingencies to Our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
In addition to the matters that are identified in Note 9 – Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and incorporated into this item by reference, the following matters also constitute material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary course litigation incidental to our business, to which we are or any of our subsidiaries is a party.
Other Legal Proceedings
While it is not possible to determine the outcome of the legal actions, investigations, and proceedings brought against us, we believe that, except for the matters described above, the resolution of all such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or liquidity, but could be material to our consolidated results of operations in any one accounting period. We are currently involved in, and may in the future be