the close of
16
business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the applicable redemption date; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after September 15, 2025 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances.
As of March 31, 2025, none of the conditions permitting the holders of the 2025 Convertible Notes to convert their notes early had been met. The 2025 Convertible Notes will mature on December 15, 2025, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, and therefore was classified as accrued and other current liabilities.
The initial conversion rate is 12.3701 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $
80.84
per share of the common stock. The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid special interest.
Upon conversion of the 2025 Convertible Notes, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the notes, at our option, if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least
130
% of the conversion price then in effect for at least
20
trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any
30
consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to
100
% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date.
For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, interest expense with respect to our convertible notes, which includes the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, was
immaterial
.
Credit Agreement
Our credit agreement (“Credit Agreement”) provides for $
5.0
billion in aggregate amount of commitments for senior unsecured revolving loans, which will mature on September 26, 2029, unless otherwise extended in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. Proceeds from any borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement is unsecured and is not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants restricting our and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to incur debt, incur liens, and undergo certain fundamental changes. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. As of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, there was
no
balance outstanding on the Credit Agreement, and we were in compliance with all covenants in the Credit Agreement.
Letters of Credit
For purposes