we have incurred and expect to incur additional expenses, including expenses associated with a guaranteed minimum earnings floor for Drivers, insurance for injury protection and subsidies for health care. We do not expect these changes will have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
If, as a result of legislation or judicial decisions, we are required to classify Drivers as employees, workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist, we would incur significant additional expenses for compensating Drivers, including expenses associated with the application of wage and hour laws (including minimum wage, overtime, and meal and rest period requirements), employee benefits, social security contributions, taxes (direct and indirect), and potential penalties. Additionally, we may not have adequate Driver supply as Drivers may opt out of our platform given the loss of flexibility under an employment model, and we may not be able to hire a majority of the Drivers currently using our platform. Any of these events could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
For a discussion of risk factors related to how misclassification challenges may impact our business, result of operations, financial position and operating condition and cash flows, see the risk factor titled “-
Our business would be adversely affected if Drivers were classified as employees, workers or quasi-employees
” included in Part II, Item 1A, “Risk Factors”, and Note 9 – Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
In addition, if we are required to classify Drivers as employees, this may impact our current financial statement presentation including revenue, cost of revenue, incentives and promotions as further described in our significant and critical accounting policies in the section titled “Critical Accounting Estimates” and Note 1 in the section titled “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
28
Financial and Operational Highlights
(1)
See the section titled “Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for more information and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
(2)
See the section titled “Certain Key Metrics” for more information.
**    Percentage not meaningful.
Highlights for the First Quarter 2025
In the first quarter of 2025, our MAPCs were 170 million, growing 14% compared to the same period in 2024.
Overall Gross Bookings increased to $42.8 billion in the first quarter of 2025, up 14%, or 18% on a constant currency basis, compared to the same period in 2024. Mobility Gross Bookings grew 20% year-over-year, on a constant currency basis primarily due to an increase in Mobility Trip volumes. Delivery Gross Bookings grew 18% year-over-year,