reputation, and consequently, our business.
In addition, our electrification and waste reduction related goals, are also subject to certain assumptions, estimations, methodologies, and third-party information that we believed to be reasonable at the time, but which may subsequently be determined to be erroneous, insufficient, incomplete, inaccurate, or otherwise misaligned with stakeholder expectations. Any failure or perceived failure to satisfy evolving stakeholder expectations regarding our electrification and waste reduction related goals and environmental, and social reporting may harm our reputation and impact relationships with certain investors and other stakeholders.
Furthermore, there are efforts by some stakeholders to reduce or limit companies’ efforts on certain environmental, social and governance related matters. Both advocates and opponents are increasingly resorting to a range of activism forms, including media campaigns, reputational harm, investigations and litigation, to advance their perspectives. To the extent we are subject to such activism, and we have been in the past, it may require us to incur costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. This and other stakeholder expectations will likely lead to increased compliance costs as well as scrutiny that could heighten all of the risks identified above and other similar risks. In addition, negative perception of our environmental and social related initiatives, whether due to perceived over- or under-pursuit of such initiatives, may result in issues hiring or retaining employees, as well as potential investigations, regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other adverse impacts to our business.
General Economic Risks
Occurrence of a catastrophic event, including but not limited to disease, a weather event, war, or terrorist attack, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation.
Outbreaks of contagious disease and the impact of actions to mitigate such disease or pandemic, have adversely impacted and could in the future adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also face risks related to health epidemics, outbreaks of contagious disease, and other adverse health developments. For example, the pandemic and responses thereto had an adverse impact on our business and operations, including, for example, by reducing the demand for our Mobility offerings globally, and affecting travel behavior and demand, as well as impacting Driver supply constraints. As another example, during the pandemic, to support social distancing, we temporarily suspended our shared rides offering globally.
We cannot predict the impact a catastrophic event, including disease, weather event, war or terrorist attack will have on our business, end-users’ behaviors, business partners and third-party vendors, and we may be adversely impacted as a result of the adverse impact our business partners and third-party vendors suffer. For example,