R&D also includes mapping and payment technologies and support and development of the internal technology infrastructure. Our allocation methodology is periodically evaluated and may change.
(2)
See the section titled “Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for more information and reconciliations to the most
directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
Mobility Segment
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024, Mobility revenue increased $863 million, or 15%, and Mobility Adjusted EBITDA
increased
$274 million, or 19%.
Mobility revenue increased primarily attributable to an increase in Mobility Gross Bookings of 13%, driven by an increase in Trip volumes.
35
Mobility Adjusted EBITDA increased primarily attributable to an increase in Mobility Gross Bookings, partially offset by a $238 million increase in Driver payments and incentives recorded in Mobility Platform Participant direct transaction costs, a $197 million increase in insurance expense primarily due to an increase in insurance rate per mile and miles driven, a $60 million increase in network costs, a $38 million increase in credit card processing costs as a result of increased Gross Bookings, and a $19 million increase in employee headcount costs, recorded in Mobility other expense.
Delivery Segment
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024, Delivery revenue increased $563 million, or 18%, and Delivery Adjusted EBITDA increased
$235 million, or 45%.
Delivery revenue increased primarily attributable to an increase in Delivery Gross Bookings of 15%, driven by an increase in Trip volumes, and a $124 million increase in advertising revenue.
Delivery Adjusted EBITDA increased primarily attributable to an increase in Delivery revenue including advertising, partially offset by a $178 million increase in Courier payments and incentives recorded in Delivery Platform Participant direct transaction costs, a $48 million increase in employee headcount costs, a $42 million increase in indirect advertising and marketing, a $17 million increase in insurance expense primarily due to an increase in miles driven, and a $15 million increase in credit card processing costs as a result of increased Gross Bookings, recorded in Delivery other expense.
Freight Segment
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024, Freight revenue decreased $24 million, or
2%
, and Freight Adjusted EBITDA
improved
$14 million
, or
67%
.
Freight revenue
decreased
primarily attributable to a 2% decrease in Freight Gross Bookings due to lower revenue per load as a result of the challenging freight market cycle.
Freight Adjusted EBITDA improved primarily attributable to a $24 million decrease in Freight Carrier payments recorded in Freight Platform Participant direct transaction costs and a $13 million decrease in Freight other expenses, partially offset by a
$24 million
decrease in revenue.
Certain Key Metrics
Monthly