injunction has been dissolved, the lawsuit remains ongoing relating to claims by the California Attorney General for periods prior to enactment of Proposition 22. The parties petitioned to stay this matter pending coordination with other California employment related matters, which was granted and a coordination judge was assigned. The case had been stayed pending appeal of the denial of a motion to compel arbitration, however the California Supreme Court denied review on January 17, 2024, and the case was remitted back to the Superior Court on January 29, 2024 for further proceedings. On July 2, 2024, the Superior Court lifted the stay. We intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves. The ultimate resolution of these matters is uncertain and the amount accrued is recorded within accrued and other current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2025.
Swiss Social Security Rulings
Several Swiss administrative bodies have issued decisions in which they classify Drivers or Couriers as employees of Uber for social security or labor purposes. We are challenging them before the Social Security and Administrative Tribunals. On March 21, 2023, the Federal Tribunal ruled that Drivers who have used the Uber App in 2014 qualify as employees for social security purposes. In October 2024, the Social Security authority decided that the changes to our 2023 model are not sufficient to classify drivers as independent contractors. We have filed an appeal against this decision. During the first quarter of 2025, we separately have resolved the social security dispute for the years 2014 to July 2020 with the SVA Zürich authority. We continue to litigate the amounts of social security contributions at issue through 2022.
24
On June 3, 2022, the Federal Tribunal issued two rulings by which both Drivers and Couriers in the Canton of Geneva are classified as employees of Uber B.V., Uber Portier B.V. and Uber Switzerland GmbH. Following the ruling of the Federal Tribunal on Eats, the Social Security authorities claimed the payment of social security contributions since the launch of Uber Eats. In November 2022, we reached a settlement with the Canton of Geneva on Mobility with regards to social security implications.
The ultimate resolution of the matters before the social security authorities is uncertain and the amount accrued for those matters is recorded within accrued and other current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2025.
Other Driver Classification Matters
Additionally, we have received other lawsuits and governmental inquiries in other jurisdictions, and anticipate future claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, administrative actions, and government investigations and audits challenging our classification of Drivers as independent contractors and not employees. We believe that our current and historical approach to classification is supported by the law and intend to continue to defend