counter-terrorist financing, banking, systemic integrity risk assessments, security of payment processes, and import and export restrictions. Our business operations, including our payments to Drivers and merchants, may not always comply with these financial laws and regulations. Historical or future non-compliance with these laws or regulations could result in significant criminal and civil lawsuits, penalties, forfeiture of significant assets, or other enforcement actions. Costs associated with fines and enforcement actions, as well as reputational harm, changes in compliance requirements, or limits on our ability to expand our product offerings, could harm our business.
Further, our payment system is susceptible to illegal and improper uses, including fraud on our platform such as fraud against us or platform users, money laundering, terrorist financing, fraudulent sales of goods or services, and payments to sanctioned parties. We have invested and will need to continue to invest substantial resources to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and sanctions laws, and in certain jurisdictions, such as the EEA, the UK and Mexico to conduct appropriate risk assessments and implement appropriate controls as a regulated financial service provider. Government authorities may seek to bring legal action against us if our payment system is used for improper or illegal purposes or if our enterprise risk management or controls in certain jurisdictions such as the EEA, the UK and Mexico are not adequately assessed, updated, or implemented, and any such action could result in financial or reputational harm to our business.
We currently are subject to a number of inquiries, investigations, and requests for information from the DOJ, FTC, other federal, state and local government agencies and other foreign government agencies, the adverse outcomes of which could harm our business.
We are the subject of DOJ inquiries and investigations, as well as enforcement inquiries and investigations by other federal, state and local government agencies and other regulators abroad. Those inquiries and investigations cover a broad range of matters, including but not limited to, our business practices, such as fees, driver and courier earnings, consumer pricing, earner benefits, and related disclosures, and policies and practices related to use of our platform by consumers with disabilities. These issues may continue to lead to costly and time-consuming regulatory investigations and litigation from other government entities, as well as potentially material fines and penalties imposed by other U.S. and international regulators. Investigations and enforcement actions from such entities, as well as continued negative publicity and an erosion of current and prospective platform users’ trust, could severely disrupt our business.
We are also subject to inquiries and investigations by government agencies related to certain transactions we have entered into in the United States