price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the discretion of management, depending on market conditions and other factors. Repurchases may be made through open market purchases and accelerated share repurchases. The exact number of shares to be repurchased by us, if any, is not guaranteed. Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended at any time or periodically without prior notice.
In January 2025, we announced that we entered into an accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) agreement with a large financial institution to repurchase $
1.5
billion of our outstanding common stock as part of our previously announced Share Repurchase Program. The transactions under the ASR agreement were completed during the first quarter of 2025.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased, and subsequently retired,
26.6
million shares of common stock, for $
1.8
billion, excluding broker commissions and fees. As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately $
4.0
billion available to repurchase shares pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program.
The Inflation Reduction Act imposed a nondeductible 1% excise tax on the net value of certain stock repurchases. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the excise tax on net share repurchases was
not
material.
19
Note 6 – Income Taxes
We compute our quarterly income tax expense/(benefit) by using a forecasted annual effective tax rate and adjust for any discrete items arising during the quarter. We recorded an income tax expense/(benefit) of $
29
million and $(
402
) million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the income tax expense was primarily driven by our foreign operations, offset by the deferred U.S. tax impact related to our investment in Aurora. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the income tax benefit was primarily driven by a stock loss and capitalized research and development expenses, offset by the tax expense on our earnings.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits increased by $
584
million, of which approximately $
287
million of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. The remaining $
297
million of unrecognized tax benefits would not impact the effective tax rate due to the valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets.
We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. We are also under routine examination by federal, various state and foreign tax authorities. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved in these jurisdictions. To the extent we have tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the federal, state or foreign tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. For our major tax jurisdictions, the tax years 2008