condition, or operating results.
We expect that antitrust enforcement agencies (including the DOJ and the FTC) will continue to closely scrutinize merger activity, with a particular focus on the technology sector, and there can be no assurance that proposed, completed or future mergers, acquisitions and divestitures will not be the subject of an investigation or enforcement action by the DOJ, the FTC or another antitrust enforcement agency. Changes in antitrust laws globally, or in their interpretation, administration or enforcement, may limit our future acquisitions, divestitures, operations and growth.
Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight relating to the provision of payment and financial services.
Most jurisdictions in which we operate have laws that govern payment and financial services activities. Regulators in certain jurisdictions may determine that certain aspects of our business are subject to these laws and could require us to obtain licenses to continue to operate in such jurisdictions. For example, our subsidiary in the Netherlands, Uber Payments B.V., is registered and authorized by its competent authority, De Nederlandsche Bank, as an electronic money institution. This authorization permits Uber Payments B.V. to provide payment services (including acquiring and executing payment transactions and money remittances, as referred to in the Revised Payment Services Directive (2015/2366/EU)) and to issue electronic money in the Netherlands. In addition, Uber Payments B.V. has notified De Nederlandsche Bank that it will provide such services on a cross-border passport basis into other countries within the EEA. Uber Payments UK Limited holds a similar license in the United Kingdom issued by the Financial Conduct Authority, as does UBR Pagos México, S.A. de C.V., Institución de Fondos de Pago Electrónico, issued by the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores in Mexico. We continue to critically evaluate our options for seeking additional licenses and approvals in several other jurisdictions to optimize our payment solutions and support the future growth of our business. We could be denied such licenses, have existing licenses revoked, or be required to make significant changes to our business operations before being granted such licenses. If we are denied payment or other financial licenses or such licenses are revoked, we could be forced to cease or limit business operations in certain jurisdictions, including in the EEA, and even if we are able to obtain such licenses, we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action, or stripped of such licenses, if we are found to violate the requirements of such licenses. In some countries, it is not clear whether we are required to be licensed as a payment services provider. Were local regulators to determine that such arrangements require us to be so licensed, such regulators may block payments to Drivers, merchants, Shippers or Carriers. Such regulatory