functional currency at the end of the period.
•
Unrealized gain (loss) on debt and equity securities, net, which consists primarily of gains (losses) from fair value adjustments relating to our marketable and non-marketable securities.
•
Other, net.
Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. These foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates than those in the United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign earnings may also be taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, changes in the valuation allowance on our U.S. and Netherlands' deferred tax assets, and changes in tax laws.
We regularly assess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. In making that assessment, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets to determine, based on the weight of all available evidence, whether it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
Based on available evidence, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance against the California R&D credits, as we believe it is not more-likely-than-not to be realized, as we expect R&D tax credit generation to exceed our ability to use these credits in future periods.
Furthermore, based on available evidence, we believe it is more-likely-than-not that the Netherlands’ net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. We will continue to maintain a valuation allowance against these net deferred tax assets. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and tax planning strategies by jurisdiction.
Based on our assessment of current income and anticipated future earnings, there is a reasonable possibility that we will have sufficient evidence to release a significant portion of the valuation allowance in the Netherlands within the next 12 months. However, our judgment regarding future earnings and the exact timing and amount of any valuation allowance release is subject to change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and/or tax planning strategies. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of net deferred tax assets on our consolidated balance sheet and would result in an income tax benefit in the period the release is recorded.
The Inflation Reduction Act Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax ("CAMT"), which is a minimum tax calculated by reference to financial statement income, does not apply to the Company in 2025. We could be subject to the CAMT in future years, which would require us to make minimum cash tax