will likely require substantial additional capital to support their operations and expansion and to maintain their competitive positions.
Further, we are contractually limited in our ability to sell or transfer these assets. For example, in connection with Aurora’s November 2021 initial public offering, we are subject to a 4-year lock-up with respect to our shares in Aurora. Furthermore, we may be required to sell these assets at a time at which we would not be able to realize what we believe to be the long-term value of these assets. For example, if we were deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), we may be required to sell some or all of such assets so that we would not be subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act. Additionally, we may have to pay significant taxes upon the sale or transfer of these assets. Accordingly, we may never realize the value of these assets relative to the contributions we made to these businesses.
We may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability, our prospects would be adversely affected and investors may lose some or all of the value of their investment.
Our operating results may vary significantly and are not necessarily an indication of future performance. These fluctuations may be a result of a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition, we experience seasonal fluctuations in our financial results. For Mobility, we typically generate higher revenue in our fourth quarter compared to other quarters due in part to fourth quarter holiday and business demand, and typically generate lower revenue in our first quarter compared to other quarters due in part to less usage of our platform as holiday demand slows down. We have typically experienced lower quarter-over-quarter growth in Mobility trends in the first quarter. For Delivery, we expect to experience seasonal increases in our revenue in the fourth quarter compared to other quarters, although the historical growth of Delivery has masked these seasonal fluctuations. Our growth has made, and may in the future make, seasonal fluctuations difficult to detect. We expect these seasonal trends to become more pronounced over time as our growth slows. Other seasonal trends may develop or these existing seasonal trends may become more extreme, which would contribute to fluctuations in our operating results. In addition to seasonality, our operating results may fluctuate as a result of factors including our ability to attract and retain new platform users, increased competition in the markets in which we operate, our ability to expand our operations in new and existing markets, our ability to maintain an adequate growth rate and effectively manage that growth, our ability to keep pace with technological changes in the industries in which we operate, changes in governmental or other