described in the “Non-Income Tax Matters” section below.
Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.4 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily consisting of $663 million of net loss, adjusted for certain non-cash items, which primarily included: $721 million in unrealized losses on debt and equity securities, net; $484 million of stock-based compensation expense; $194 million of depreciation and amortization expense
, as well as a $575 million increase in cash from working capital. The increase in cash from working capital was primarily driven by an increase in our accrued insurance reserves primarily due to liabilities recorded during the period exceeding claims paid out, and accrued expenses and other liabilities, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other assets primarily due to tax matters recorded as a receivable in other assets described in the “Non-Income Tax Matters” section below.
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities was $542 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily consisting of purchases of marketable securities of $2.5 billion, purchases of non-marketable equity securities of $179 million, and $74 million in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities of $2.4 billion.
Net cash used in investing activities was $242 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily consisting of purchases of marketable securities of $2.0 billion, purchases of non-marketable equity securities of $174 million, and $57 million in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities of $2.0 billion.
Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities was $1.9 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily consisting of $1.8 billion in repurchases of common stock and $47 million of principal payments on finance leases.
Net cash used in financing activities was $100 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily consisting of $42 million of principal payments on finance leases.
Other Information
As of March 31, 2025, $2.7 billion of our $5.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Cash held outside the United States may be repatriated, subject to certain limitations, and would be available to be used to fund our domestic operations. Repatriation of funds may result in immaterial tax liabilities.
We believe that our existing cash balance in the United States is sufficient to fund our working capital needs in the United States. We are in compliance with our debt and line of credit covenants as of March 31, 2025, including by meeting our reporting obligations. We also believe that our sources of funding and our available line of credit will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures,