on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by an increase in Delivery Trip volumes. Freight Gross Bookings decreased 1% year-over-year, on a constant currency basis.
Revenue was $11.5 billion, up 14% year-over-year, primarily attributable to an increase in Gross Bookings of 14%. The increase in Gross Bookings was primarily driven by an increase in Mobility and Delivery Trip volumes.
Net income attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. was $1.8 billion, which includes the favorable impact of a pre-tax unrealized gain on debt and equity securities, net of $51 million primarily related to changes in the fair value of our equity securities, including: a $155 million unrealized gain on our Didi investment, a $137 million unrealized gain on our Aurora investment, partially offset by a $102 million unrealized loss on our Grab investment, and a $139 million net unrealized loss on our other investments.
Adjusted EBITDA was $1.9 billion, up $486 million compared to the same period in 2024. Mobility Adjusted EBITDA was $1.8 billion, up $274 million compared to the same period in 2024. Delivery Adjusted EBITDA was $763 million, up $235 million compared to the same period in 2024. These increases were partially offset by a $37 million increase in Corporate G&A and Platform R&D costs, year-over-year.
We ended the quarter with $6.0 billion in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments.
Share Repurchase Program
In January 2025, we announced that we entered into an accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) agreement with a large financial institution to repurchase $1.5 billion of our outstanding common stock as part of our previously announced Share Repurchase Program. The transactions under the ASR agreement were completed during the first quarter of 2025. For additional information, see Note 5 – Stockholders' Equity in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Components of Results of Operations
Revenue
We generate substantially all of our revenue from fees paid by Drivers and Merchants for use of our platform. We have concluded that we are an agent in these arrangements as we arrange for other parties to provide the service to the end-user. Under this model, revenue is net of Driver and Merchant earnings and Driver incentives. We act as an agent in these transactions by connecting consumers to Drivers and Merchants to facilitate a Trip, meal, grocery or other delivery service. In certain markets we are responsible for the Mobility or Delivery services (and in most markets we are responsible for the Freight services), and in these markets we present revenue from end-users and from Shippers on a gross basis, with the payments to Drivers and Carriers classified within cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization.
29
We would expect revenue to fluctuate on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future based upon factors such as Trip volume,