operating cash flow and have no impact on our results of operations. We plan to vigorously defend our application of the VAT Order 1987 and are waiting to obtain hearing dates from the Tax Tribunal. For additional information, see Note 9 – Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Commitments
We have non-cancelable commitments which primarily relate to network and cloud services and other items in the ordinary course of business. These amounts are determined based on the non-cancelable quantities to which we are contractually obligated. As of March 31, 2025, there have been no material changes outside the ordinary course of business to the contractual obligations, as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected.
For additional information about our critical accounting policies and estimates, see the disclosure included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as Note 1 – Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 – Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate risk, investment risk, and foreign currency risk as follows:
Interest Rate Risk
41
Our primary exposure to market risks for changes in interest rates relate primarily to our credit agreement of which we currently have no drawn amounts as of March 31, 2025. For additional information, see Note 3 – Long-Term Debt and Credit Arrangements in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
The fair value of our fixed rate notes will generally fluctuate with movements of interest rates,