particular geographic market. In addition, our competitors in certain geographic markets enjoy substantial competitive advantages such as greater brand recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets, better localized knowledge, and more supportive regulatory regimes. As a result, such competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than us in such markets to new or changing opportunities, technologies, consumer preferences, regulations, or standards, which may render our products or offerings less attractive. In addition, future competitors may share in the effective benefit of any regulatory or governmental approvals and litigation victories we may achieve, without having to incur the costs we have incurred to obtain such benefits.
As a result of certain divestitures, we are contractually restricted from competing with our current or former minority-owned entities with respect to certain aspects of our business, including in Southeast Asia through one year after we dispose of all interests in Grab, and the Middle East, North Africa and Pakistan through two years after we dispose of all interests in Careem Technologies, while our minority-owned entities are not necessarily restricted from competing with us anywhere in the world. In addition, we are contractually restricted from competing with some of our majority-owned entities with respect to certain aspects of our business, including competing against Uber Freight with respect to freight brokerage.
Additionally, if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval of any acquisitions, we may not ultimately consummate such acquisitions, may be required to pay termination fees or may consummate them only in jurisdictions where antitrust approval is obtained. Further, in order to obtain regulatory approval of acquisitions, we may be required to divest all or part of our or the target company’s operations or agree to other remedies. Any such remedies could result in additional competition in some or all markets.
For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. Our inability to compete effectively would have an adverse effect on, or otherwise harm, our business, financial condition, and operating results.
47
To remain competitive in certain markets, we have in the past lowered, and may continue to lower, fares or service fees, and we have in the past offered, and may continue to offer, significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions, which has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our financial performance.
To remain competitive in certain markets and generate network scale and liquidity, we have in the past lowered, and may continue to lower, fares or service fees, and we have offered and may continue to offer significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions. At times, in certain geographic markets, we have offered, and may continue to offer, Driver