increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have decreased the fair value of our notes by $443 million as of March 31, 2025.
Investment Risk
Our investment policy limits the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution or commercial issuer. Cash deposits typically exceed insured limits and are placed with financial institutions around the world that we believe are of high credit quality. These deposits are in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) insurance limits. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC limits will be backstopped by the U.S., or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis.
Our investment policy objective aims to preserve capital and meet liquidity requirements without significantly increasing risk. We had cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash and cash equivalents totaling $8.6 billion as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. Marketable debt securities classified as restricted investments and short-term investments totaled $8.3 billion as of March 31, 2025. As of March 31, 2025, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities primarily consist of money market funds, cash deposits, U.S. government securities, U.S. government agency securities, and investment-grade corporate debt securities. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Investments in fixed rate securities carry a degree of interest rate risk. Changes in rates would primarily impact interest income due to the relatively short-term nature of our investments. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial results.
We are exposed to certain risks related to the carrying amounts of investments in other companies, including our minority-owned, privately-held entities and public companies, compared to their fair value. We hold privately held investments in illiquid private company stock which are inherently difficult to value given the lack of publicly available information. We also hold equity securities with readily determinable fair values which are subject to equity price risk. These investments in privately-held entities and public companies may increase the volatility in our net income/(loss) in future periods due to changes in the fair value of these investments. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. As of March 31, 2025, the carrying value of our investments was $9.1 billion, including equity method investments.
Foreign Currency Risk
We transact business globally in