certain employee benefits and employment and income taxes to our Drivers and Couriers. In jurisdictions with disputes connected to transactions on the platform, disputes involve the applicability of transactional taxes (such as sales tax, VAT, GST and similar taxes) or gross receipts taxes. In jurisdictions with disputes connected to employment or income taxes, disputes involve the applicability of withholding taxes related to employment taxes or back-up income tax withholding on payments made to Drivers, Couriers, and Merchants.
Our estimated liability is inherently subjective due to the complexity and uncertainty of these matters and the judicial processes in certain jurisdictions; therefore, the final outcome could be materially different from the estimated liability recorded.
United Kingdom
As of March 14, 2022, we modified our operating model in the UK, such that as of that date Uber UK is a merchant of transportation and is required to remit VAT. Uber UK is remitting VAT under the Value Added (Tour Operators) Order 1987 (“VAT Order 1987”), which allows for VAT remittance on a calculated margin, rather than on Gross Bookings.
As of March 31, 2025, we have received multiple assessments from the HMRC disputing our application of VAT Order 1987 for the period of March 2022 to September 2024, totaling approximately $
1.8
billion (£
1.4
billion) for unpaid VAT. Uber paid the assessments in order to proceed with the appeal process. The payments do not represent our acceptance of the assessments.
25
The payments made in 2023 through 2025 are recorded as a receivable in other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet because we believe that we will be successful in our appeal, upon which, the full amount of our payments will be returned to us with interest upon completion of the appeals process. We expect to receive additional assessments related to this matter. HMRC has expressed their intention to not enforce assessments pending the determination of the appeal of a competitor on a related matter. If payment of future assessments is required, the payments would decrease operating cash flow and have no impact on our results of operations. We plan to vigorously defend our application of the VAT Order 1987 and are waiting to obtain hearing dates from the Tax Tribunal.
Other Legal and Regulatory Matters
We have been or are currently subject to various government inquiries and investigations surrounding the legality of certain of our business practices, compliance with antitrust, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act) and other global regulatory requirements, labor laws, securities laws, data protection and privacy laws, consumer protection laws, environmental laws, and the infringement of certain intellectual property rights. We are investigating many of these matters and are implementing a number of recommendations to our managerial, operational and compliance practices, as well as strengthening