concerns over the economic impact of the pandemic caused extreme volatility in financial markets, which adversely impacted our stock price and our ability to access capital markets, and any future pandemics or other catastrophic events may have a similar impact. In addition, the broader consequences of conflicts in the Middle East and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which may include additional international sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts, increased tensions between the United States and countries in which we operate, and the extent of the conflict’s effect on the global economy, cannot be predicted. Any of these risks could materially affect our business or the value of our assets, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or the trading price of our common stock. The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits will be backstopped by the United States, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. To the extent any of the foregoing or other catastrophic event adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. Any of the foregoing factors, or other cascading effects that are not foreseeable, could adversely impact our
62
business, financial performance and condition, and results of operations.
The impact of economic conditions, including the resulting effect on discretionary consumer spending, may harm our business and operating results.
Our performance is subject to economic conditions and their impact on levels of discretionary consumer spending. Some of the factors that have an impact on discretionary consumer spending include general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, energy prices, interest rates, consumer confidence, tariffs, and other macroeconomic factors. A deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, including slower growth or recession, inflation and higher interest rates, changes in labor market dynamics, or decreases in consumer spending power may harm our results of operations. For example, inflation has increased and is expected to increase our insurance costs. Consumer preferences tend to shift to lower-cost alternatives during recessionary periods and other periods in which disposable income is adversely affected. In such circumstances, consumers may choose to use one of our lower price-point products over a higher Gross