our suppliers, business partners or customers, which may impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Increased attention to, and evolving expectations regarding environmental and social matters may adversely impact our business, reputation and liabilities, including in the context of certain goals we have announced.
Companies across all industries and around the globe are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their environmental and social initiatives and activities by investors, lenders, regulators, customers, employees and other stakeholders. We have taken, and may continue to take, certain environmental and social actions, including those that relate to electrification and waste reduction goals and other social matters. The increased focus on environmental and social initiatives and evolving stakeholder expectations may present operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks and impacts, which could have an adverse impact on our business, including on our reputation and stock price. For example, investors and lenders may reconsider their capital
61
investment allocation as a result of their assessment of our environmental and social practices, which may impact our access to capital.
Our ability to meet our electrification and waste reduction related goals is dependent on many external factors, including such factors as rapidly changing regulatory developments, governmental or political shifts, policies and related interpretation, action from policymakers and the wider industry, advances in technology such as battery storage, industry-wide investment, sufficient packaging alternatives, as well as the availability, cost and accessibility of EVs to Drivers, and the availability of critical EV charging infrastructure that can be efficiently accessed by Drivers. All of our electrification and waste reduction related goals are intentionally challenging, and are therefore subject to risks, uncertainties, third party information or action, and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Progressing towards our electrification and waste reduction related goals requires us to invest significant effort, resources, and management time, and circumstances may arise, including those beyond our control, that may require us to revise our timelines and/or goals. While progress has been made, we cannot achieve our remaining 2025 goals by the end of the year, and our 2030 goals will remain out of reach without more aggressive action from policymakers and the wider industry. There can be no assurances that our goals will be achieved in the manner we currently intend or at all, and any failure or perceived failure to meet regulatory requirements related to climate-related events, or to meet our stated electrification and waste reduction related goals on the timeframe we announced, or at all, could have an adverse impact on our costs and ability to operate, result in litigation, as well as harm our brand,