VIEs
We do not consolidate VIEs in which we hold a variable interest but are not the primary beneficiary because we lack the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities’ economic performance. We are exposed to these unconsolidated VIEs’ economic risks and rewards through the related carrying amount of assets and liabilities and any financial guarantees, which represent variable interests. Our unconsolidated VIEs consist of investments in privately held companies, primarily vehicle fleet operators.
Our carrying amounts of assets recognized on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and maximum exposure to loss related to unconsolidated VIEs were (in millions):
26
(1)
Total assets includes a term loan to Moove Cars Mobility, S.L., formerly Garment Investments S.L. dba Moove (“Moove”). As of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, the term loan to Moove was $
288
million and $
353
million, respectively, and accounted for as a loan receivable, carried at amortized cost recorded within other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. In 2021, we entered into and completed a series of agreements with Moove, including (i) an equity investment, through preferred shares, (ii) a term loan to Moove, and (iii) a commercial partnership agreement. After this series of agreements, Moove is considered a related party.
Our carrying amounts of liabilities recognized on the condensed consolidated balance sheets were
not
material as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025.
(2)
Our maximum exposure to loss includes the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities recognized on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as well as an
immaterial
financial guarantee.
Note 11 – Non-Controlling Interests
Freight Holding
As of both December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, we owned
84
% of our subsidiary Freight Holding’s capital stock, or
80
% and
78
%, respectively, on a fully-diluted basis. The minority stockholders of Freight Holding include, among others: (i) holders of Freight Holding’s Series A and A-1 Preferred Stock; (ii) holders of common equity awards issued under the employee equity incentive plans; and (iii) current and former employees who hold fully vested shares.
Freight Holding Supplier Financing Program
Freight Holding utilizes a third-party financial institution that allows our suppliers to be paid by the third-party financial institution earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice at a discounted price. In general, supplier invoices financed by the third-party financial institution are due for payment by Freight Holding within 30 days. As of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, the liability related to the supplier financing program was
immaterial
and the amounts are included within accounts payable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
27
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and