as follows:
Cash Requirements.
A summary of our cash requirements as of December 31, 2024 was disclosed in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our 2024 10-K. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were no material changes to this previously disclosed information outside the ordinary course of business. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. We continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, including through internal development of new products, programs and technology applications and business combinations.
19
Table of Contents
Short-Term Borrowings.
Our revolving bank credit facilities provide liquidity support for our commercial paper borrowing program, which facilitates the private placement of unsecured debt through independent broker-dealers, and are available for general corporate purposes. For more information on our commercial paper and bank credit facilities, see Note 5 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report and Note 8 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in our 2024 10-K.
As of March 31, 2025, we were in compliance with the various covenants under our bank credit facilities.
Long-Term Debt.
Periodically, we access capital markets and issue long-term debt for general corporate purposes, such as to meet our working capital requirements, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. For more information on our long-term debt, see Note 5 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report and Note 8 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in our 2024 10-K.
Credit Ratings.
Our credit ratings as of March 31, 2025 were as follows:
The availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants and other contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and economic and market conditions. A significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital.
Share Repurchase Program.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased approximately 6.0 million shares at an average price of $503.72 per share. As of March 31, 2025, we had Board of Directors’ authorization to purchase up to 27 million shares of our common stock. The Board of Directors from time to time may further amend the share repurchase program in order to increase the authorized number of shares which may be repurchased under the program.
Dividends.
Our quarterly cash dividend to