shareholders reflects an annual rate of $8.40.
Pending Acquisitions.
As of March 31, 2025, we have entered into agreements to acquire companies in the health care sector, subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. The total anticipated consideration required for these acquisitions, excluding the payoff of acquired indebtedness, was approximately $4 billion.
For additional liquidity discussion, see Note 10 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in Part II, Item 7 in our 2024 10-K.
RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
There are no recently issued accounting standards that are expected to have a material impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
In preparing our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to make judgments, assumptions and estimates, which we believe are reasonable and prudent based on the available facts and circumstances. These judgments, assumptions and estimates affect certain of our revenues and expenses and their related balance sheet accounts and disclosure of our contingent liabilities. We base our assumptions and estimates primarily on historical experience and consider known and projected trends. On an ongoing basis, we re-evaluate our selection of assumptions and the method of calculating our estimates. Actual results, however, may materially differ from our calculated estimates, and this difference would be reported in our current operations.
Our critical accounting estimates include medical costs payable and goodwill. For a detailed description of our critical accounting estimates, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in Part II, Item 7 in our 2024 10-K. For a detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in our 2024 10-K.
20
Table of Contents
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
The statements, estimates, projections, guidance or outlook contained in this document include “forward-looking” statements which are intended to take advantage of the “safe harbor” provisions of the federal securities laws. The words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “should” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These statements may contain information about financial prospects, economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those that management expects, depending on the outcome of certain factors including: our ability to effectively estimate, price for and manage medical costs; new or changes in existing health care