will result in reduced funding and potentially benefits for people, especially those with some of the greatest health and social challenges.
As a result of ongoing Medicare funding pressures, there are adjustments we can make to partially offset these rate pressures and reductions for a particular period. For example, we can seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust member benefits and implement or increase the member premiums supplementing the monthly payments we receive from the government. Additionally, we decide annually on a county-by-county basis where we will offer Medicare Advantage plans.
SELECTED OPERATING PERFORMANCE AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT ITEMS
The following summarizes select first quarter 2025 year-over-year operating comparisons to first quarter 2024 and other financial results.
•
Consolidated revenues grew 10%, UnitedHealthcare revenues grew 12% and Optum revenues grew 5%.
•
UnitedHealthcare served 945,000 more people, driven by growth in commercial offerings and Medicare Advantage.
•
Consolidated earnings from operations of $9.1 billion compared to $7.9 billion last year, with 2024 impacted by the Change Healthcare cyberattack.
•
Diluted earnings per common share was $6.85.
•
Cash flows from operations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were $5.5 billion.
15
Table of Contents
RESULTS SUMMARY
The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations and other financial information:
nm = not meaningful
(a)
Medical care ratio (MCR) is calculated as medical costs divided by premium revenue.
(b)
Net earnings margin attributable to UnitedHealth Group shareholders.
(c)
Return on equity is calculated as annualized net earnings attributable to UnitedHealth Group common shareholders divided by average shareholders’ equity. Average shareholders’ equity is calculated using the shareholders’ equity balance at the end of the preceding year and the shareholders’ equity balances at the end of each of the quarters in the year presented.
2025 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COMPARED TO 2024 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Consolidated Financial Results
Revenues
The increases in revenues were primarily driven by growth across our UnitedHealthcare domestic offerings and Optum Rx and pricing trends.
Medical Costs and MCR
Medical costs increased primarily due to growth in people served through Medicare Advantage, domestic commercial offerings and those with higher acuity needs; the IRA-driven impacts on Medicare Part D plans and elevated care patterns. The MCR increased as a result of the revenue effects of the Medicare funding reductions, the member profile of newly added patients under value-based care arrangements and elevated care patterns for seniors served through Medicare Advantage, partially offset by the seasonal impacts of the IRA on Medicare Part D and the incremental medical costs for accommodations made to care providers as a results of the