served through Medicare Advantage, partially offset by cost management initiatives and the incremental medical costs for accommodations to support care providers as a result of the Change Cyberattack incurred in 2024. Optum Health served approximately 99 million people and 104 million people as of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
Optum Insight
Revenues at Optum Insight increased due to decreased business disruption impacts related to the Change Healthcare cyberattack. Earnings from operations at Optum Insight increased due to decreased business disruption impacts and direct response costs related to the Change Healthcare cyberattack.
Optum Rx
Revenues and earnings from operations at Optum Rx increased due to higher script volumes from both new clients and growth in existing clients and growth in pharmacy services. Earnings from operations also increased due to operating cost efficiencies. Optum Rx fulfilled 408 million and 395 million adjusted scripts in the first quarters of 2025 and 2024, respectively.
18
Table of Contents
LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Liquidity
Summary of our Major Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents
2025 Cash Flows Compared to 2024 Cash Flows
Increased cash flows provided by operating activities were driven by changes in working capital accounts, the seasonal impact of the IRA on Medicare Part D and the impacts of the Change Healthcare cyberattack incurred in 2024. Other significant changes in sources or uses of cash year-over-year included net repayments of loans to care providers in response to the Change Healthcare cyberattack, decreased cash paid for acquisitions and increased net sales and maturities of investments, offset by decreased net issuances of short-term borrowings and long-term debt and decreased customer funds administered.
Financial Condition
As of March 31, 2025, our cash, cash equivalent, available-for-sale debt securities and marketable equity securities balances of $79.1 billion included approximately $30.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents (of which $1.5 billion was available for general corporate use), $46.4 billion of debt securities and $1.9 billion of investments in marketable equity securities. Given the significant portion of our portfolio held in cash and cash equivalents, we do not anticipate fluctuations in the aggregate fair value of our financial assets to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital position. Our available-for-sale debt securities portfolio had a weighted-average duration of 4.2 years and a weighted-average credit rating of “Double A” as of March 31, 2025. When multiple credit ratings are available for an individual security, the average of the available ratings is used to determine the weighted-average credit rating.
Capital Resources and Uses of Liquidity
In addition to cash flows from operations and cash and cash equivalent balances available for general corporate use, our capital resources and uses of liquidity are