Company’s local plans for risk adjustment data validation (RADV) audits to validate the coding practices of and supporting documentation maintained by health care providers and such audits may result in retrospective adjustments to payments made to the Company’s health plans.
On February 14, 2017, the DOJ announced its decision to pursue certain claims within a lawsuit initially asserted against the Company and filed under seal by a whistleblower in 2011. The whistleblower’s complaint, which was unsealed on February 15, 2017, alleges the Company made improper risk adjustment submissions and violated the False Claims Act. In March 2025, a Special Master appointed by the court issued a report recommending that the court enter summary judgment in the Company’s favor on all remaining claims. In April 2025, the DOJ filed a motion asking the court to reject the Special Master’s report. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the outcome which may result from this matter given its procedural status.
11
Table of Contents
7.
Held for Sale
The Company’s planned sales of its remaining South American operations are expected to close within the year, subject to regulatory and other customary closing conditions. Assets and liabilities held for sale have been included within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, respectively.
The assets and liabilities of the held for sale disposal groups as of March 31, 2025, were as follows:
(1)
Includes the effect of $
849
million of cumulative foreign currency translation losses and $
50
million of noncontrolling interests.
12
Table of Contents
8.
Segment Financial Information
The Company’s
four
reportable segments are UnitedHealthcare, Optum Health, Optum Insight and Optum Rx. For more information on the Company’s segments, see Part I, Item I, “Business” and Note 14 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in the 2024 10-K.
The following tables present reportable segment financial information:
(a)        Total operating costs include medical costs, operating costs, cost of products sold and depreciation and amortization, as applicable for each reportable segment.
13
Table of Contents
ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion should be read together with the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes and with our 2024 10-K, including the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in that report. Unless the context indicates otherwise, references to the terms “UnitedHealth Group,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us” used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations refer to UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and its consolidated