was approximately $
4
billion.
Legal Matters
The Company is frequently made party to a variety of legal actions and regulatory inquiries, including class actions and suits brought by members, care providers, consumer advocacy organizations, customers and regulators, relating to the Company’s businesses, including management and administration of health benefit plans and other services. These matters include medical malpractice, employment, intellectual property, antitrust, privacy and contract claims and claims related to health care benefits coverage and other business practices.
The Company records liabilities for its estimates of probable costs resulting from these matters where appropriate. Estimates of costs resulting from legal and regulatory matters involving the Company are inherently difficult to predict, particularly where the matters: involve indeterminate claims for monetary damages or may involve fines, penalties or punitive damages; present novel legal theories or represent a shift in regulatory policy; involve a large number of claimants or regulatory bodies; are in the early stages of the proceedings; or could result in a change in business practices. Accordingly, the Company is often unable to estimate the losses or ranges of losses for those matters where there is a reasonable possibility or it is probable a loss may be incurred.
Government Investigations, Audits and Reviews
The Company has been involved or is currently involved in various governmental investigations, audits and reviews. These include routine, regular and special investigations, audits and reviews by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), state insurance and health and welfare departments, state attorneys general, the Office of the Inspector General, the Office of Personnel Management, the Office for Civil Rights, the Government Accountability Office, the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Congressional committees, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, the U.S. Department of Labor, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Food and Drug Administration and other governmental authorities. Similarly, the Company’s international businesses are also subject to investigations, audits and reviews by applicable foreign governments. The Company has also been responding to subpoenas, information requests and investigations from governmental entities. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and no assurance as to whether its business, financial condition or results of operations will be materially adversely affected. Certain of the Company’s businesses have been reviewed or are currently under review, including for, among other matters, compliance with coding and other requirements under the Medicare risk-adjustment model. CMS has selected certain of the