Change Healthcare cyberattack incurred in 2024.
16
Table of Contents
Operating Cost Ratio
The operating cost ratio decreased primarily due to operating cost management; revenue impacts of government programs, including the IRA-driven impacts on Medicare Part D plans; and our direct response efforts to the Change Healthcare cyberattack incurred in 2024, partially offset by investments to support future growth.
Reportable Segments
See
Note 8 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Part I, Item 1 of this report for more information on our segments. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including people served by UnitedHealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by Optum Health and adjusted scripts for Optum Rx. These metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings and cash flows at each business. The metrics also allow management and investors to evaluate and understand business mix, including the level and scope of services provided to people, and pricing trends when comparing the metrics to revenue by segment.
The following table presents a summary of the reportable segment financial information:
UnitedHealthcare
The following table summarizes UnitedHealthcare revenues by business:
17
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the number of people served by our UnitedHealthcare businesses, by major market segment and funding arrangement:
UnitedHealthcare’s revenues increased due to growth in the number of people served through Medicare Advantage, fee-based commercial offerings and those with higher acuity needs and the IRA-driven impacts on Medicare Part D plans, partially offset by decreased people served through risk-based commercial offerings and Medicaid redeterminations throughout 2024. Earnings from operations increased primarily due to growth in people served in Medicare Advantage, the seasonal impact of the IRA on Medicare Part D and the incremental medical costs for accommodations to support care providers as a result of the Change Healthcare cyberattack incurred in 2024, partially offset by the impacts of Medicare Advantage funding reductions and elevated care patterns for seniors served through Medicare Advantage.
Optum
Total revenues increased primarily due to growth at Optum Rx, partially offset by Optum Health. Earnings from operations increased due to the impacts of the Change Healthcare cyberattack incurred in 2024 and growth at Optum Rx. The results by segment were as follows:
Optum Health
Revenues at Optum Health decreased primarily due to the conversion of risk-based contracts, Medicare Advantage funding reductions and the profile of members served, partially offset by growth in patients served under value-based arrangements. Earnings from operations decreased due to Medicare Advantage funding reductions, the member profile of newly added patients under value-based care arrangements and elevated care patterns for seniors