which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our 2024 10-K are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results.
There have been no material changes to the risk factors as disclosed in our 2024 10-K.
ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALE OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a)
First Quarter 2025
(a)    In November 1997, our Board of Directors adopted a share repurchase program, which the Board of Directors evaluates periodically. In June 2024, the Board of Directors amended our share repurchase program to authorize the repurchase of up to 35 million shares of our common stock in open market purchases or other types of transactions (including prepaid or structured repurchase programs), in addition to all remaining shares authorized to be repurchased under the Board’s 2018 renewal of the program. There is no established expiration date for the program. The Board of Directors from time to time may further amend the share repurchase program in order to increase the authorized number of shares which may be repurchased under the program.
22
Table of Contents
ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION
Trading Arrangements
During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, none of the Company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act)
adopted
or
terminated
any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.
ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS*
The following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference herein in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Company files Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 under Commission File No. 1-10864.
________________
23
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED
24