recognized in any future year related to remaining performance obligations, excluding revenue pertaining to contracts having an original expected duration of one year or less, contracts where revenue is recognized as invoiced and contracts with variable consideration related to undelivered performance obligations, was $
12.4
billion, of which approximately half is expected to be recognized in the next
three years
.
6
Table of Contents
2.
Investments
A summary of debt securities by major security type is as follows:
The Company held $
5.1
billion and $
4.9
billion of equity securities as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The Company’s investments in equity securities primarily consist of venture investments and employee savings plan related investments. Additionally, the Company’s investments included $
3.4
billion and $
3.8
billion of equity method investments primarily in operating businesses in the health care sector as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The allowance for credit losses on held-to-maturity securities at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 was not material.
7
Table of Contents
The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities as of March 31, 2025, by contractual maturity, were as follows:
The fair value of available-for-sale debt securities with gross unrealized losses by major security type and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position were as follows:
The Company’s unrealized losses from debt securities as of March 31, 2025 were generated from approximately
32,000
positions out of a total of
42,000
positions. The Company believes that it will timely collect the principal and interest due on its debt securities that have an amortized cost in excess of fair value. The unrealized losses were primarily caused by interest rate increases and not by unfavorable changes in the credit quality associated with these securities which impacted the Company’s assessment on collectability of principal and interest.
At each reporting period, the Company evaluates available-for-sale debt securities for any credit-related impairment when the fair value of the investment is less than its amortized cost. The Company evaluated the expected cash flows, the underlying credit quality and credit ratings of the issuers, noting no significant credit deterioration since purchase. As of March 31, 2025, the Company did not have the intent to sell any of the available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position. Therefore, the Company believes these losses to be temporary.
The allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 was not material.
8
Table of Contents
3.
Fair Value
Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements or have fair values disclosed in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. These assets and