subsidiaries.
Readers are cautioned that the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including discussions regarding financial prospects, economic conditions, trends and uncertainties contained in this Item 2, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA). These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the results discussed or implied in the forward-looking statements. A description of some of the risks and uncertainties is set forth in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our 2024 10-K and in the discussion below.
EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW
General
UnitedHealth Group is a health care and well-being company with a mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. Our two distinct, yet complementary businesses — Optum and UnitedHealthcare — are working to help build a modern, high-performing health system through improved access, affordability, outcomes and experiences for the individuals and organizations we are privileged to serve.
We have four reportable segments:
•
Optum Health;
•
Optum Insight;
•
Optum Rx; and
•
UnitedHealthcare, which includes UnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual, UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement and UnitedHealthcare Community & State.
Further information on our business is presented in Part I, Item 1, “Business” and Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our 2024 10-K and additional information on our segments can be found in this Item 2 and in
Note
8
of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Part I, Item 1 of this report.
Business Trends
Our businesses participate primarily in the United States health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macroeconomic conditions and regulatory changes, which could impact our results of operations, including our continued efforts to control health care costs.
Pricing Trends.
To price our health care benefits, products and services, we start with our view of expected future costs, including medical care patterns, the mix and health status of people served, inflation and labor market dynamics. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory considerations, including minimum medical loss ratio thresholds and