liabilities are classified into one of three levels of a hierarchy defined by GAAP.
For a description of the methods and assumptions that are used to estimate the fair value and determine the fair value hierarchy classification of each class of financial instrument, see Note 4 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in the 2024 10-K.
The following table presents a summary of fair value measurements by level and carrying values for items measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:
There were
no
transfers in or out of Level 3 financial assets or liabilities during the three months ended March 31, 2025 or 2024.
9
Table of Contents
The following table presents a summary of fair value measurements by level and carrying values for certain financial instruments not measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Nonfinancial assets and liabilities or financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances, such as when the Company records an impairment. The assets and liabilities within our South American operations held for sale as of March 31, 2025 were measured at the lower of carrying value or fair value less cost to sell. Fair value is measured based upon unobservable amounts, such as estimated selling price derived from Company-specific information and market conditions. There were
no
significant fair value adjustments for assets and liabilities recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2025 or 2024.
4.
Medical Costs Payable
The following table shows the components of the change in medical costs payable for the three months ended March 31:
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, prior years’ medical cost reserve development included no individual factors that were significant. Medical costs payable included reserves for claims incurred by consumers but not yet reported to the Company of $
25.9
billion and $
23.7
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
5.
Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt
As of March 31, 2025, the Company had $
5.2
billion of commercial paper outstanding, with a weighted-average annual interest rate of
4.4
%.
For more information on the Company’s short-term borrowings, debt covenants and long-term debt, see Note 8 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in the 2024 10-K.
10
Table of Contents
6.
Commitments and Contingencies
Pending Acquisitions
As of March 31, 2025, the Company had entered into agreements to acquire companies in the health care sector, subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. The total anticipated capital required for these acquisitions, excluding the payoff of acquired indebtedness,