similar revenue adjustments. We will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all these dimensions.
The commercial risk market remains highly competitive in the small group, large group and individual segments. We expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs.
Medicare Advantage funding continues to be pressured, as discussed below in
“
R
egulatory
Trends and Uncertainties”
and we have observed increased care patterns as discussed below in “Medical Cost Trends,” which may impact pricing and benefit design in future periods.
14
Table of Contents
The Medicaid redetermination process has caused a timing mismatch between the health status of people served through Medicaid and state rate updates. While the updated rates in 2025 more closely align with underlying member acuity, the funding and payment rate environment remains insufficient to meet the health needs of patients and creates the risk of continued downward pressure on Medicaid margin percentages. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs.
Medical Cost Trends.
Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, care activity and prescription drug costs. We have observed increased care patterns, more notably related to physician and outpatient care for seniors served through Medicare Advantage, that are above what we expected and contemplated in our benefits design. These elevated care patterns may continue in future periods. Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) altered the Medicare Part D model and benefits, shifting more risk to plans, which results in both increased premiums and medical costs. The IRA also changed the quarterly relationship of medical costs to premiums, altering the seasonal progression and creating a more consistent relationship between medical costs and premiums throughout the year. We endeavor to mitigate medical cost increases by engaging hospitals, physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care.
Regulatory
Trends and Uncertainties
Medicare Advantage Rates.
Medicare Advantage rate notices for numerous years have resulted in industry base rates well below the industry forward medical cost trend, with the Final Notice for 2026 beginning to approach the industry forward medical cost trend. The compounding impact of the previous multi-year rate shortfalls creates sustained pressure on the Medicare Advantage program. Further, substantial revisions to the risk adjustment model, which serves to adjust rates to reflect a patient’s health status and care resource needs, have and