million.
[d]
Includes estimated other post-retirement, medical, and life insurance payments, and payments made under the unfunded pension plan for the next ten years.
[e]
Represents total obligations, including interest component of $9 million.
Cash Flows
Operating Activities
Cash provided by operating activities increased in 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to $384 million of payments in 2023 related to back wages for agreements reached with our labor unions and increased net income.
Cash flow conversion is defined as cash provided by operating activities less cash used in capital investments as a ratio of net income. Cash flow conversion rate is not considered a financial measure under GAAP by SEC Regulation G and Item 10 of SEC Regulation S-K and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. We believe cash
32
Table of
Contents
flow conversion rate is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financing. Cash flow conversion rate should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities. The following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (GAAP measure) to cash flow conversion rate (non-GAAP measure):
Investing Activities
Cash used in investing activities in 2024 decreased compared to 2023 primarily driven by less capital investments and higher proceeds from asset sales, including a sale of intermodal equipment. Roughly half of the year-over-year decrease in capital investments is attributable to the 2023 purchase of a small trucking and transload operator and related real estate assets.
The following table detail cash capital investments for the years ended December 31:
[a]
Other includes bridges and tunnels, signals, other road assets, and road work equipment.
[b]
Locomotives and freight cars include lease buyouts of $143 million, $57 million, and $70 million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
[c]
Weather-related damages for 2024, 2023, and 2022 are immaterial.
Capital Plan
– In 2025, we expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.4 billion, consistent with 2024. We plan to continue to make investments to support our growth strategy, improve the safety, resiliency, and operational efficiency of the network, harden our infrastructure, and replace older assets, including modernization of our locomotive fleet and acquiring freight cars to support replacement and growth opportunities. In addition, the plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network and enhance productivity. This includes siding construction and extension projects, terminal investments supporting our manifest network, and invest in certain ramps to efficiently handle volumes from new and existing intermodal customers. The capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if laws or regulations affect our ability to