intermodal containers, both domestic and international. Freight revenues from premium shipments increased driven by higher volumes and core pricing gains, partially offset by lower fuel surcharge revenues and negative mix. Starting in the third quarter of 2024, international intermodal experienced heavy demand due to increased U.S. West Coast imports, a result of freight shifting from the East Coast and Canadian ports due to uncertainty related to labor negotiations, driving volumes up over 30% in the second half of the year compared to the second half of 2023. In addition, business development efforts in domestic intermodal drove volume growth in 2024 compared to 2023. Automotive shipments were flat year-over-year as business development wins were offset by market weakness and unplanned production decreases.
2024 Bulk Carloads
2024 Industrial Carloads
2024 Premium Carloads
Mexico Business
– Freight revenues from each of our commodity groups includes revenues from shipments to and from Mexico, which amounted to $3.0 billion in 2024, up 8% compared to 2023, driven by a 3% volumes increase and a 4% increase in ARC. The volume increases were driven by higher grain and grain product shipments and finished vehicle shipments, partially offset by lower automotive parts shipments.
Operating Expenses
27
Table of
Contents
Operating expenses decreased $500 million, or 3%, in 2024 compared to 2023 driven by lower fuel prices, productivity, a gain on the sale of intermodal equipment in 2024, partially offset by inflation, volume-related costs, and higher depreciation. In addition, positively impacting the year-over-year comparison are lower labor agreement ratification charges as we reached agreements impacting crew staffing in both years, and lower weather-related costs from less impactful winter weather in the first quarter of 2024 compared to 2023.
2024 Operating Expenses
Compensation and Benefits
– Compensation and benefits include wages, payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension costs, and incentive costs. In 2024, expenses increased 2% compared to 2023 due to wage inflation, which includes the impact of labor agreements to modernize work rules and improve availability, higher incentive compensation, and increased crew needs associated with labor agreements and increased volumes, partially offset by 4% lower employee levels. Train, engine, and yard (TE&Y) force levels were flat compared to 2023 as improved network fluidity allowed us to handle a 3% increase in volumes and the increased needs associated with labor agreements without increasing the size of that workforce.
Purchased Services and Materials
– Expense for purchased services and materials includes the costs of services purchased from outside contractors and other service providers (including equipment maintenance and contract expenses incurred by our subsidiaries for external transportation services); materials used to maintain the Railroad’s lines, structures, and equipment; costs of