of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
(d)
Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers of Registrant.
The Board of Directors of UPC has adopted the UPC Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (the Code). A copy of the Code may be found on the Internet at our website https://investor.unionpacific.com/governance/governance-overview. We intend to disclose any amendments to the Code or any waiver from a provision of the Code on our website.
(e)
Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies
.
Information concerning UPC's Confidentiality and Insider Trading Policy is set forth in the Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies segment of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. UPC's Confidentiality and Insider Trading Policy is included as an exhibit to this report.
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
Information concerning compensation received by our directors and our named executive officers is presented in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Summary Compensation Table, Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2024, Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024 Fiscal Year-End, Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2024, Pension Benefits at 2024 Fiscal Year-End, Nonqualified Deferred Compensation at 2024 Fiscal Year-End, Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control and Director Compensation in Fiscal Year 2024 segments of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Additional information regarding compensation of directors, including Board committee members, is set forth in the By-Laws of UPC and the Stock Unit Grant and Deferred Compensation Plan for the Board of Directors, both of which are included as exhibits to this report. Information regarding the Compensation and Talent Committee is set forth in the Compensation Committee segment of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
71
Table of
Contents
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Information as to the number of shares of our equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors and nominees for director, our named executive officers, our directors and executive officers as a group, and certain beneficial owners is set forth in the Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management segment of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
The following table summarizes the equity compensation plans under which UPC common stock may be issued as of December 31, 2024:
[1]
Includes 348,929 retention units that do not have an exercise price. Does not include 885,600 retention shares that have been issued and are outstanding.
[2]
Does not include the retention units or retention shares described above in footnote [1].
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information on related transactions is set