connection with these matters based upon the latest available information and, when necessary, we seek input from our third-party advisors when making these assessments. Consistent with SEC rules and requirements, we describe below material pending legal proceedings (other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business), material proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities, other proceedings arising under federal, state, or local environmental laws and regulations (including governmental proceedings involving potential fines, penalties, or other monetary sanctions in excess of $1,000,000), and such other pending matters that we may determine to be appropriate. See also Note 14 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1.
Environmental matters
We receive notices from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and state environmental agencies alleging that we are or may be liable under federal or state environmental laws for remediation costs at various sites throughout the U.S., including sites on the Superfund National Priorities List or state superfund lists. We cannot predict the ultimate impact of these proceedings and suits because of the number of potentially responsible parties involved, the degree of contamination by various wastes, the scarcity and quality of volumetric data related to many of the sites, and the speculative nature of remediation costs.
Information concerning environmental claims and contingencies and estimated remediation costs is set forth in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates - Environmental, Item 7, and Note 17 of the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8, of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
For a discussion of our potential risks and uncertainties, see the risk factors disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. These risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations (including revenues and profitability), and/or stock price. Our business also could be affected by risks that we are not presently aware of or that we currently consider immaterial to our operations.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Purchases of equity securities
– The following table presents common stock repurchases during each month for the first quarter of 2025:
[a]
Total number of shares purchased during the quarter includes 90,812 shares delivered or attested to UPC by employees to pay stock option exercise prices and satisfy tax withholding obligations for stock option exercises or vesting of retention units or retention shares.
[b]
The average price of the initial settlement of the 2025 accelerated share repurchase program was $251.73.
[c]
Total number of shares purchased as part of a publicly announced plan or program includes 4,815,022 shares repurchased in February