objectives. The mindset and culture are built around a personal commitment by all employees to prioritize safety so everyone goes home safely.
Service
is all about delivering what we sold our customers. We work with our customers to understand the service they need to win in their markets and then drive how we win together. We commit to these service levels and do it with excellence.
Operational Excellence
is about operating efficiently and productively. We will drive value with our available resources but also maintain a buffer so our service is resilient, managing the inevitable ups and downs that come with weather, fluctuating volumes, and securing growth.
Growth
is the outcome of executing our strategy to be the industry leader in both safety and service resulting in improved margins and greater cash generation, creating long term enterprise value. The expected outcome of successfully executing our strategy will be an industry leading operating ratio and return on invested capital.
As we work to transform our railroad, our core values continue to guide us. Our passion for performance will help us win; our high ethical standards ensure we win in a way that supports all of our stakeholders; and our teamwork ensures we win together.
OPERATIONS
The Railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable operating segment. Although we provide and analyze revenues by commodity group, we treat the financial results of the Railroad as one segment due to the integrated nature of our rail network. Additional information regarding our business and operations, including revenues, financial information and data, and other information regarding environmental matters, is presented in Risk Factors, Item 1A; Legal Proceedings, Item 3; Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7; and the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8.
5
Table of
Contents
Operations
– UPRR is a Class I railroad operating in the U.S. We have 32,880 route miles, connecting Pacific Coast and Gulf Coast ports with the Midwest and Eastern U.S. gateways and providing several corridors to key Mexican and Canadian gateways. We serve the western two-thirds of the country and maintain coordinated schedules with other rail carriers to move freight to and from the Atlantic Coast, the Pacific Coast, the Southeast, the Southwest, Canada, and Mexico. Export and import traffic moves through Gulf Coast, Pacific Coast, and East Coast ports and across the Mexican and Canadian borders. In 2024, we generated freight revenues totaling $22.8 billion from the following three commodity groups:
2024 Freight Revenues
Bulk
– The Company's Bulk shipments consist of grain and grain products, fertilizer, food and refrigerated, and coal and renewables. In 2024, this group generated 32% of our freight revenues. We access most major grain markets, connecting the Midwest and Western U.S. producing areas to export terminals in the