Accessorial revenues are recognized at a point in time as performance obligations are satisfied.
Freight revenues increased 1% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 driven by a 7% increase in volumes and core pricing gains, largely offset by unfavorable business mix (for example, a relative increase in international intermodal shipments, which have a lower ARC), lower fuel surcharge revenues, and one less day due to leap year in 2024. Volume increases were primarily driven by international intermodal and coal, partially offset by weaker demand for automotive and decreased petroleum product shipments.
Each of our commodity groups includes revenues from fuel surcharges. Freight revenues from fuel surcharge programs decreased $100 million to $565 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to $665 million in the same period of 2024 due to lower fuel prices and the lag impact on fuel prices (it can generally take up to two months for changing fuel prices to affect fuel surcharge recoveries), partially offset by higher volumes.
Other subsidiary revenues decreased in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024 primarily driven by the partial transfer of our commuter operations to Metra and a weaker demand for intermodal shipments at our subsidiary that brokers intermodal and transload logistics services. Accessorial revenues decreased in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024 driven by lower intermodal accessorial revenues as a result of our intermodal equipment sale and a one-time contract settlement recognized in the first quarter of 2024.
19
Table of
Contents
The following tables summarize the year-over-year changes in freight revenues, revenue carloads, and ARC by commodity type:
[a]
For intermodal shipments each container or trailer equals one carload.
20
Table of
Contents
Bulk
– Bulk includes shipments of grain and grain products, fertilizer, food and refrigerated, and coal and renewables. Freight revenues from bulk shipments increased in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024 due to core pricing gains and a 2% volume increase, partially offset by business mix from increased coal shipments and lower fuel surcharge revenues. The volume increase was driven by higher demand for coal used in electricity generation, due to colder weather and higher natural gas prices, and strength in export grain and grain products from increased soybean crush production and strong ethanol demand.
Industrial
– Industrial includes shipments of industrial chemicals and plastics, metals and minerals, forest products, and energy and specialized markets. Freight revenues from industrial shipments decreased in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024 due to business mix from decreased soda ash and lumber shipments, lower fuel surcharge revenues, and volume declines, partially offset by core pricing gains. Volume decreases in first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024 were driven by decreased shipments of petroleum due to business losses, a