stated rates).
UPRR had $
1.9
billion recognized as investments related to TTX in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024. TTX car hire expense of $
112
million and $
102
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, are included in equipment and other rents in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, UPRR had accounts payable to TTX of $
74
million and $
70
million at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
17
Table of
Contents
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to
three
months ended March 31, 2024
For purposes of this report, unless the context otherwise requires, all references herein to "Union Pacific", “UPC”, “Corporation”, “Company”, “we”, “us”, and “our” shall mean Union Pacific Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Union Pacific Railroad Company, which we separately refer to as “UPRR” or the “Railroad”.
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and applicable notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1, and other information included in this report. Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are unaudited and reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal and recurring adjustments) that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).
The Railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. Although revenues are analyzed by commodity, we analyze the net financial results of the Railroad as one segment due to the integrated nature of the rail network.
Critical accounting estimates
The preparation of these financial statements requires estimation and judgment that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. If these estimates differ materially from actual results, the impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements may be material. Our critical accounting estimates are available in Item 7 of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. During the first three months of 2025, there have not been any significant changes with respect to our critical accounting estimates.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Quarterly summary
The Company reported earnings of $2.70 per diluted share on net income of $1.6 billion and an operating ratio of 60.7% in the first quarter of