changes in laws and regulations.
Our environmental liability balance and site activity was as follows:
Property and Depreciation
– See Note 11 to the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8.
Assets purchased or constructed throughout the year are capitalized if they meet applicable minimum units of property.
Estimated service lives of depreciable railroad property may vary over time due to changes in physical use, technology, asset strategies, and other factors that will have an impact on the retirement profiles of our assets. We are not aware of any specific factors that are reasonably likely to significantly change the estimated service lives of our assets. Actual use and retirement of our assets may vary from our current estimates, which would impact the amount of depreciation expense recognized in future periods.
Changes in estimated useful lives of our assets due to the results of our depreciation studies could significantly impact future periods’ depreciation expense and have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. If the estimated useful lives of all depreciable assets were increased by one year, annual depreciation expense would decrease by approximately $73 million. If the estimated useful lives of all depreciable assets were decreased by one year, annual depreciation expense would increase by approximately $78 million. We are projecting an increase in our depreciation expense of approximately 3% to 4% in 2025 versus 2024. This is driven by an increase in our projected depreciable asset base.
Pension Plans
– See Note 5 to the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8.
The critical assumptions used to measure pension obligations and expenses are the discount rates and expected rate of return on pension assets.
We evaluate our critical assumptions at least annually, and selected assumptions are based on the following factors:
•
We measure the service cost and interest cost components of our net periodic pension benefit/cost by using individual spot rates matched with separate cash flows for each future year. Discount rates are based on a Mercer yield curve of high-quality corporate bonds (rated AA by a recognized rating agency).
•
Expected return on plan assets is based on our asset allocation mix and our historical return, taking into consideration current and expected market conditions.
35
Table of
Contents
The following tables present the key assumptions used to measure net periodic pension benefit/cost for 2025 and the estimated impact on 2025 net periodic pension benefit/cost relative to a change in those assumptions:
The following table presents the net periodic pension benefit/cost for the years ended December 31:
CAUTIONARY INFORMATION
Certain statements in this report, and statements in other reports or information filed or to be filed with the SEC (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us), are, or will be, forward-looking