been reclassified to conform to the current period financial statement presentation.
2.
Accounting Pronouncements
In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. (ASU) 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, which requires business entities to expand their annual disclosures of the effective rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, may be adopted on a prospective or retrospective basis, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on our related disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses,
which requires disclosure of additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, may be adopted on a prospective or retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on our related disclosures.
3.
Operations and Segmentation
The Railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our
one
reportable operating segment. Although we provide and analyze revenues by commodity group, we treat the financial results of the Railroad as
one
segment due to the integrated nature of our rail network.
The Company’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is our Chief Executive Officer. The CODM assesses performance for our rail network and decides how to allocate resources based on net income as reported on our Consolidated Statements of Income. The measure of segment assets is reported on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as total assets.
Our operating revenues are primarily derived from contracts with customers for the transportation of freight from origin to destination.
Although our revenues are principally derived from customers domiciled in the U.S., the ultimate points of origination or destination for some products we transport are outside the U.S. Freight revenues from each of our commodity groups, as described in the table below, includes revenues from shipments to and from Mexico, which amounted to $
719
million and $
790
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
7
Table of
Contents
Our significant segment expenses as monitored by the CODM are shown in the table below. This breakout of revenues and expenses is used by the CODM to monitor and assess the financial performance of our rail network by comparing actual results to prior years and plans.
[a]
Operating and Administrative includes compensation and benefits, purchased services and materials, equipment and other rents, non-