assets except for customary warranty and indemnity claims. Creditors of the Railroad do not have recourse to the assets of UPRI.
The amount recorded under the Receivables Facility was $
0
at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we issued $
800
million and repaid $
800
million under the Receivables Facility. The Receivables Facility was supported by $
1.6
billion and $
1.7
billion of accounts receivable as collateral at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which, as a retained interest, is included in accounts receivable, net in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
The outstanding amount the Railroad maintains under the Receivables Facility may fluctuate based on current cash needs. The maximum allowed under the Receivables Facility is $
800
million with availability directly impacted by eligible receivables, business volumes, and credit risks, including receivables payment quality measures such as default and dilution ratios. If default or dilution ratios increase
one
percent, the allowable outstanding amount under the Receivables Facility would not materially change.
The costs of the Receivables Facility include interest, which will vary based on prevailing benchmark and commercial paper rates, program fees paid to participating banks, commercial paper issuance costs, and fees of participating banks for unused commitment availability. The costs of the Receivables Facility are included in interest expense and were $
8
million, $
9
million, and $
10
million for 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
11.
Properties
The following tables list the major categories of property and equipment as well as the weighted-average estimated useful life for each category (in years):
[a]
Other roadway includes grading, bridges and tunnels, signals, buildings, and other road assets.
[b]
For retirements of depreciable railroad properties that do not occur in the normal course of business, a gain or loss may be recognized if the retirement meets each of the following three conditions: (a) is unusual, (b) is material in amount, and (c) varies significantly from the retirement profile identified through our depreciation studies. In the second quarter of 2024, we sold a large portion of an intermodal equipment asset class resulting in a $
46
million gain recognized in other expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
61
Table of
Contents
[a]
Other roadway includes grading, bridges and tunnels, signals, buildings, and other road assets.
Property and Depreciation
– Our railroad operations are highly capital-intensive, and our large base of homogeneous, network-type assets turns over on a continuous basis. Each year we develop a capital program for the replacement of assets and for the acquisition or construction of assets that enable us to enhance our operations or provide new service offerings to customers. We currently have more than
60
depreciable asset classes, and we may increase or decrease the number of