are accumulated during the service period and paid to participants only after the units are earned.
51
Table of
Contents
Changes in our performance stock unit awards during 2024 were as follows:
At December 31, 2024, there was $
15
million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested performance stock unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.1
years. This expense is subject to achievement of the performance measures established for the performance stock unit grants.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
– Employee and Company contributions are used to issue treasury shares the month after employee contributions are withheld based on the settlement date closing price. The Company matches
40
% contributed by the employee up to a maximum employee contribution of
5
% of monthly salary (limited to $
15,000
annually). We expense the Company contributions in the month the employee services were rendered (i.e., the month the employee contributions were withheld).
5.
Retirement Plans
Pension Benefits
We provide defined benefit retirement income to eligible non-union employees through qualified and non-qualified (supplemental) pension plans. Qualified and non-qualified pension benefits are based on years of service and the highest compensation during the latest years of employment, with specific reductions made for early retirements. Non-union employees hired on or after January 1, 2018, are no longer eligible for pension benefits, but are eligible for an enhanced 401(k) benefit as described below in other retirement programs.
Funded Status
We are required by GAAP to separately recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our pension plans as an asset or liability. The funded status represents the difference between the projected benefit obligation (PBO) and the fair value of the plan assets. Our non-qualified (supplemental) pension plan is unfunded by design. The PBO of the pension plans is the present value of benefits earned to date by plan participants, including the effect of assumed future compensation increases. Plan assets are measured at fair value. We use a December 31 measurement date for plan assets and obligations for all our retirement plans.
52
Table of
Contents
Changes in our PBO and plan assets were as follows for the years ended December 31:
Actuarial gains that decrease the PBO were driven by an increase in 2024 discount rates from
5.00
% to
5.61
%. Actuarial losses that increase the PBO were driven by a decrease in 2023 discount rates from
5.21
% to
5.00
%.
Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, consist of:
Pre-tax amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss consist of $
644
million and $
643
million net actuarial loss as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Pre-tax changes recognized in other comprehensive income/loss as of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, were as follows:
Underfunded