benefits under Title IV of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), and unamortized debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs. At December 31, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the adjusted debt-to-EBITDA coverage ratio, which allows us to carry up to $
46.7
billion of debt (as defined in the Facility), and we had $
32.9
billion of debt (as defined in the Facility) outstanding at that date. The Facility does not include any other financial restrictions, credit rating triggers (other than rating-dependent pricing), or any other provision that could require us to post collateral. The Facility also includes a $
150
million cross-default provision and a change-of-control provision.
During 2024, we issued $
823
million and repaid $
823
million of commercial paper with maturities ranging from
13
to
57
days. As of both December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had $
0
of commercial paper outstanding. Our revolving credit facility supports our outstanding commercial paper balances, and, unless we change the terms of our commercial paper program, our aggregate issuance of commercial paper will not exceed the amount of borrowings available under the Facility.
64
Table of
Contents
Shelf Registration Statement and Significant New Borrowings
– We filed an automatic shelf registration statement with the SEC that became effective on February 13, 2024. Under our shelf registration, we may issue, from time to time, any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, or warrants for debt securities or preferred stock in one or more offerings. The Board of Directors authorized the issuance of up to $
9.0
billion of debt securities, replacing the prior Board authorization in February 2022, which had $
5.6
billion of authority remaining.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we did not issue any debt securities under this registration statement. At December 31, 2024, we had remaining authority from the Board of Directors to issue up to $
9.0
billion of debt securities under our shelf registration.
Receivables Securitization Facility
– As of both December 31, 2024 and 2023, we recorded $
0
of borrowings under our Receivables Facility, as secured debt. (See further discussion in the "Receivables Securitization Facility" section of Note 10.)
15.
Variable Interest Entities
We have entered into various lease transactions in which the structure of the leases contain variable interest entities (VIEs). These VIEs were created solely for the purpose of doing lease transactions (principally involving railroad equipment and facilities) and have no other activities, assets, or liabilities outside of the lease transactions. Within these lease arrangements, we have the right to purchase some or all of the assets at fixed prices. Depending on market conditions, fixed-price purchase options available in the leases could potentially provide benefits to us; however, these benefits are not expected to be significant.
We maintain and operate the assets