passion for performance drives our safety, customer experience, and financial results while we work as a team to create opportunity for all.
Safety is central to everything we do at Union Pacific. Together, we are committed to cultivating a safety-focused culture, so our employees return home safely every day. To achieve this, our employees identify risks, initiate action to mitigate those risks, and have the courage to care to keep each other safe.
Our success is measured by our personal injury rate (the number of reportable injuries for every 200,000 employee-hours worked) and our derailment incident rate (the number of reportable derailment incidents per million train miles). Reportable personal injuries are defined as on duty incidents or occupational illnesses that result in employees losing time away from work, modifying or restricting their normal duties, or receiving any medical treatment above and beyond first aid. Reportable derailment incidents are defined as any occurrence where a wheel of a locomotive or rail car falls off the track and causes damage to track, equipment, or structures above the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) reporting threshold, regardless of ownership
($12,000
for 2024 and
$12,400
for 2025) per million train miles. Personal injuries and derailment incidents that meet reportable criteria are reported to the FRA.
Our 2024 personal injury rate of 0.90 improved 23%, and our derailment incident rate of 2.17 improved 20% versus 2023. (See further discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7, of this report.)
Union Pacific is committed to creating an environment where people can be their best, personally and professionally. We believe that a supportive culture increases employee engagement, improves morale, and allows qualified employees to succeed and contribute to Union Pacific's success. All of this supports our safety strategy and improves the quality of decision-making, problem-solving, and strategic thinking.
Union Pacific’s commitment, today and for the future, is to further improve and strengthen performance through our workforce, where everyone is treated fairly, differences are valued, and talent is recognized and rewarded. Union Pacific intends to maintain its standards of hiring and promoting based on merit, while aspiring to reach 40% people of color and double our female representation to 11% in our workforce by 2030. As of December 31, 2024, workforce representation of people of color and females was 34.3% and 5.2%, respectively.
The Employee Journey:
From recruitment to retirement and milestones in between, we are relentlessly focused on supporting and engaging employees throughout their Union Pacific journey. We view it as imperative to invest in our employees with meaningful benefit offerings, developmental experiences, and career opportunities.
The process begins with recruitment, where we strive to attract the most talented employees