adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
Indemnities
– Our maximum potential exposure under indemnification arrangements, including certain tax indemnifications, can range from a specified dollar amount to an unlimited amount, depending on the nature of the transactions and the agreements. Due to uncertainty as to whether claims will be made or how they will be resolved, we cannot reasonably determine the probability of an adverse claim or reasonably estimate any adverse liability or the total maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements. We do not have any reason to believe that we will be required to make any material payments under these indemnity provisions.
18.
Share Repurchase Programs
Effective April 1, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to
100
million shares of our common stock by March 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2024, we repurchased a total of
25.9
million shares of our common stock under the 2022 authorization. These repurchases may be made on the open market or through other transactions. Our management has sole discretion with respect to determining the timing and amount of these transactions.
The table below represents shares repurchased under repurchase programs during 2024 and 2023:
Management's assessments of market conditions and other pertinent factors guide the timing, manner, and volume of all repurchases. We expect to fund any share repurchases under this program through cash generated from operations, the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, debt issuances, and cash on hand. Open market repurchases are recorded in treasury stock at cost, which includes any applicable commissions, fees, and excise taxes.
On February 6, 2025, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase authorization, enabling the Company to buy up to
100
million shares of its common stock by March 31, 2028. The new authorization is effective April 1, 2025, and replaces the current authorization, which will expire on March 31, 2025.
19.
Related Parties
UPRR and other North American railroad companies jointly own TTX Company (TTX). UPRR has a
37.03
% economic interest in TTX while the other North American railroads own the remaining interest. In accordance with ASC 323
Investments - Equity Method and Joint Venture
, UPRR applies the equity method of accounting to our investment in TTX.
TTX is a rail car pooling company that owns rail cars and intermodal wells to serve North America’s railroads. TTX assists railroads in meeting the needs of their customers by providing rail cars in an efficient, pooled environment. All railroads may utilize TTX rail cars through car hire by renting rail cars at stated rates.
UPRR had $
1.9
billion and $
1.8
billion recognized as investments related to TTX in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. TTX car hire expense of $
432
million in 2024,