statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Corporation’s operations are highly capital intensive and their large network of assets turns over on a continuous basis. Each year, the Corporation develops a capital program for both the replacement of assets and for the acquisition or construction of new assets. In determining whether costs should be capitalized, the Corporation exercises significant judgment in determining whether expenditures meet the applicable minimum units of property criteria and extend the useful life, improve the safety of operations, or improve the operating efficiency of existing assets. The Corporation capitalizes all costs of capital projects necessary to make assets ready for their intended use and because a portion of the Corporation’s assets are self-constructed, management also exercises significant judgment in determining the amount of material, labor, work equipment, and indirect costs that qualify for capitalization. Capitalized costs to Properties, net during 2024 were $3.7 billion.
We identified the capitalization of property during 2024 as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgment exercised by management in determining whether costs meet the criteria for capitalization. This, in turn, required a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether the criteria to capitalize costs were met and to evaluate sufficiency of audit evidence to support management’s conclusions.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our procedures related to capitalization of property included the following, among others:
•
We tested the effectiveness of controls over the Corporation’s determination of whether costs related to the Corporation’s capital investments should be capitalized or expensed.
•
We evaluated the Corporation’s capitalization policy in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
•
For a selection of capital projects, we performed the following:
–
Obtained the Corporation’s evaluation of each project and determined whether the amount of costs to be capitalized met the criteria for capitalization as outlined within the Corporation’s policy by unit of property.
–
Obtained supporting documentation that the project met the applicable minimum units of property criteria and was approved, and evaluated whether the project extended the useful life of an existing asset, improved the safety of operations, or improved the operating efficiency of existing assets.
•
For a selection of capitalized costs during the year, we performed the following:
–
Evaluated whether the individual cost selected met the criteria for capitalization.
–
Evaluated whether the selection was accurately recorded at the appropriate amount based on the evidence obtained.
/s/
Deloitte & Touche LLP
Omaha, Nebraska
February 7, 2025
We have served as the Corporation's auditor since 1967.
40
Table of
Contents
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME