2025 compared to earnings of $2.69 per diluted share on net income of $1.6 billion and an operating ratio of 60.7% for the first quarter of 2024. Freight revenues increased 1% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 driven by a 7% volume increase and core pricing gains, largely offset by unfavorable business mix (for example, a relative increase in international intermodal shipments, which have a lower average revenue per car (ARC)), lower fuel surcharge revenues, and one less day due to leap year in 2024. Volume increases were primarily driven by international intermodal and coal, partially offset by weaker demand for automotive and decreased petroleum product shipments.
Second half of 2024's operating momentum continued as we ran a fluid network in the first quarter of 2025 while handling 7% more volume than last year, including elevated international intermodal business, which was 33% more than first quarter of 2024. Terminal dwell and freight car velocity are key indicators of that fluidity, both improving 6% compared to last year. We continue to utilize our resources effectively as locomotive productivity improved 1% and workforce productivity improved 9% year-over-year. Manifest service performance index and train length improved from the first quarter of 2024, while intermodal service performance index was essentially flat.
Operating expenses decreased slightly compared to the first quarter of 2024 due to productivity and lower fuel prices. These decreases were partially offset by volume-related costs, inflation, and higher depreciation. Operating income of $2.4 billion and operating ratio of 60.7% remained unchanged from last year, despite the business mix, fuel price impact, and having one less day in 2025.
18
Table of
Contents
We generate freight revenues by transporting products from our three commodity groups. Freight revenues vary with volumes (carloads) and ARC. Changes in price, traffic mix, and fuel surcharges drive ARC. Customer incentives, which are primarily provided for shipping to/from specific locations or based on cumulative volumes, are recorded as a reduction to operating revenues. Customer incentives that include variable consideration based on cumulative volumes are estimated using the expected value method, which is based on available historical, current, and forecasted volumes, and recognized as the related performance obligation is satisfied. We recognize freight revenues over time as shipments move from origin to destination. The allocation of revenues between reporting periods is based on the relative transit time in each reporting period with expenses recognized as incurred.
Other subsidiary revenues (primarily logistics and commuter rail operations) are generally recognized over time as shipments move from origin to destination. The allocation of revenues between reporting periods is based on the relative transit time in each reporting period with expenses recognized as incurred.