incidental costs are expensed as incurred.
Environmental
– When environmental issues have been identified with respect to property currently or formerly owned, leased, or otherwise used in the conduct of our business, we perform, with the assistance of our consultants, environmental assessments on such property. We expense the cost of the assessments as incurred. We accrue the cost of remediation where our obligation is probable and such costs can be reasonably estimated. We do not discount our environmental liabilities when the timing of the anticipated cash payments is not fixed or readily determinable. Legal fees and incidental costs are expensed as incurred.
Use of Estimates
– The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported assets and liabilities, the disclosure of certain contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual future results may differ from such estimates.
3.
Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. (ASU) 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
, which requires business entities to enhance disclosures about significant segment expenses. We adopted the ASU effective for fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The adoption of this ASU only impacted our disclosures. See Note 1 Nature of Operations.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
Disclosures
, which requires business entities to expand their annual disclosures of the effective rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, may be adopted on a prospective or retrospective basis, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on our related disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
, which requires disclosure of additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, may be adopted on a prospective or retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on our related disclosures.
4.
Stock Options and Other Stock Plans
In April 2000, the shareholders approved the Union Pacific Corporation 2000 Directors Plan (Directors Plan) whereby
2,200,000
shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance to our non-employee