team to achieve strong results across the board and set the Company up for future success. Although success can be measured in many ways, it’s ultimately about delivering for our owners, putting our company in a great financial position, and being clear about what success is for our employees, our customers, and the communities where we operate.
In 2024, we reported earnings per diluted share of $11.09, a 6% increase versus 2023. Total volumes increased 3% versus 2023, driven by strength in international intermodal and agricultural products, more than offsetting a 20% decline in coal and the overall impact of a muted industrial economy. We achieved an operating ratio of 59.9%, a 240-basis point improvement versus 2023, driven by the day-to-day actions of our team to improve the efficiency of our network.
This success doesn’t just happen. It’s rooted in that commitment to our strategy. Within
Safety
, we achieved significant reductions in both our personal injury and derailment rates. We are seeing the results from our investments in training, safety programs, infrastructure, and technology. We cannot and will not waiver on our goal to be the best in safety.
Service
is what we sold our customers. Committing to what we can do and doing it with excellence. We built on our success in late 2023 to provide our customers with an even stronger service product throughout 2024. Our full year operating metrics demonstrate that success, as freight car velocity improved 2% and intermodal and manifest service performance index (SPI) improved 2 and 4 points, respectively. We also invested $3.4 billion in capital to harden our infrastructure, grow our business, provide better service, and embed new technologies into our processes. The list is long, but we will reap long-term rewards from investments in the Phoenix Intermodal Terminal, hump yard improvements, siding extensions, application programming interfaces (API), and new gate technologies, to name only a few.
Operational Excellence
is about operating efficiently and productively, delivering value with speed. Yet understanding we need a resource buffer so we can provide the service we promised and handle the inevitable ups and downs that come with weather, fluctuating volumes, and securing growth. As evident by the improvements to our operating ratio, we made great strides in 2024 to use our assets more efficiently. However, that wasn’t done without challenges that tested our resource buffer. During 2024, we saw international intermodal surge on the west coast, growing over 19% versus 2023. Our ability to handle that volume with minimal impact on the rest of our network demonstrates the effectiveness of our buffer strategy. More specifically on resource productivity, in 2024, we achieved 6% and 5% improvements in workforce and locomotive productivity, respectively. In fact, our performance in workforce productivity for the year was a best ever result.
Our ability to excel in those three areas led to
Growth