locomotive fuel, and other expenses.
[b]
Other segment items includes car hire and leases, casualty costs, state and local taxes, subsidiary expense, and other overhead expense.
4.
Stock-Based Compensation
We have several stock-based compensation plans where employees receive nonvested stock options, nonvested retention shares, and nonvested stock units. We refer to the nonvested shares and stock units collectively as “retention awards”. Employees may also participate in our employee stock purchase plan (ESPP).
Information regarding stock-based compensation expense appears in the table below:
Stock options
– Stock options are granted at the closing price on the date of grant, have
10
-year contractual terms, and vest no later than
3
years from the date of grant.
None
of the stock options outstanding at March 31, 2025, is subject to performance or market-based vesting conditions.
8
Table of
Contents
The table below shows the annual weighted-average assumptions used for Black-Scholes valuation purposes:
The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant; the expected dividend yield is calculated as the ratio of dividends paid per share of common stock to the stock price on the date of grant; the expected life is based on historical and expected exercise behavior; and expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock price over the expected life of the stock option.
A summary of stock option activity during the three months ended March 31, 2025, is presented below:
At March 31, 2025, there was $
30
million of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.3
years.
Additional information regarding stock option exercises appears in the following table:
Retention awards
– Retention awards are granted at no cost to the employee, vest over periods lasting up to
4
years, and have dividends and dividend equivalents paid to participants during the vesting periods.
Changes in our retention awards during the three months ended March 31, 2025, were as follows:
At March 31, 2025, there was $
108
million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested retention awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.5
years
9
Table of
Contents
Performance stock unit awards
– In February 2025, our Board of Directors approved performance stock unit grants. This plan is based on performance targets for annual return on invested capital (ROIC) and operating income growth (OIG) compared to companies in the S&P 100 Industrials Index plus the Class I railroads. We define ROIC as net operating profit adjusted for interest expense (including interest on average operating lease liabilities) and taxes on interest divided by average invested capital adjusted for average operating lease liabilities.
The February 2025 stock units awarded to executives are subject to continued