do not have minimum cash funding requirements for 2025.
6.
Other Income
Other income included the following:
7.
Earnings Per Share
The following table provides a reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per share:
11
Table of
Contents
8.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/Loss
Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income/loss were as follows (net of tax):
[a]
Related to interest rate swaps from equity method investments.
[b]
The accumulated other comprehensive income/loss reclassification components are 1) prior service cost/credit and 2) net actuarial loss, which are both included in the computation of net periodic pension benefit/cost. See Note 5 Retirement Plans for additional details.
9.
Accounts Receivable
Accounts receivable include freight and other receivables reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts. At both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, our accounts receivable were reduced by $
6
million. Receivables not expected to be collected in one year and the associated allowances are classified as other assets in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. At March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, receivables classified as other assets were reduced by allowances of $
72
million and $
69
million, respectively.
Receivables securitization facility
– The Railroad maintains an $
800
million,
3
-year receivables securitization facility (the Receivables Facility) maturing in July 2025, with the intent to renew under comparable terms and conditions. Under the Receivables Facility, the Railroad sells most of its eligible third-party receivables to Union Pacific Receivables, Inc. (UPRI), a consolidated, wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary that may subsequently transfer, without recourse, an undivided interest in accounts receivable to investors. The investors have no recourse to the Railroad’s other assets except for customary warranty and indemnity claims. Creditors of the Railroad do not have recourse to the assets of UPRI.
The amount recorded under the Receivables Facility was $
0
at both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we issued $
0
and repaid $
0
under the Receivables Facility. The Receivables Facility was supported by $
1.7
billion and $
1.6
billion of accounts receivable as collateral at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, which, as a retained interest, is included in accounts receivable, net in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
The outstanding amount the Railroad maintains under the Receivables Facility may fluctuate based on current cash needs. The maximum allowed under the Receivables Facility is $
800
million with availability directly impacted by eligible receivables, business volumes, and credit risks, including receivables payment quality measures such as default and dilution ratios. If default or dilution ratios increase
one
percent, the allowable outstanding amount under the Receivables