Partnerships
– This investment category is comprised of interests in limited partnerships that invest primarily in privately-held companies. Due to the private nature of the partnership investments, pricing inputs are not readily observable. Asset valuations are developed by the general partners that manage the partnerships. These valuations are based on the application of public market multiples to private company cash flows, market transactions that provide valuation information for comparable companies, and other methods. The fair value recorded by the plan is calculated using each partnership’s net asset value (NAV).
Real Estate Funds
– The plan’s real estate investments are primarily interests in private real estate investment trusts, partnerships, limited liability companies, and similar structures. Valuations for the holdings in this category are not based on readily observable inputs and are primarily derived from property appraisals. The fair value recorded by the plan is calculated using the NAV for each investment.
Collective Trust and Other Funds
– Collective trust and other funds are comprised of shares or units in commingled funds and limited liability companies that are not publicly traded. The underlying assets in these entities (global stock funds and short-term investment funds) are publicly traded on exchanges and price quotes for the assets held by these funds are readily available. The fair value recorded by the plan is calculated using NAV for each investment.
56
Table of
Contents
As of December 31, 2024, the pension plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows:
As of December 31, 2023, the pension plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows:
[a]
Includes accrued receivables, net payables, and pending broker settlements.
The master trust’s investments in limited partnerships and similar structures (used to invest in private equity and real estate) are valued at fair value based on their proportionate share of the partnerships’ fair value as recorded in the limited partnerships’ audited financial statements. The limited partnerships allocate gains, losses, and expenses to the partners based on the ownership percentage as described in the partnership agreements.
Other Retirement Programs
Other Post-Retirement Benefits
– We provide medical and life insurance benefits for eligible retirees hired before January 1, 2004. These benefits are funded as medical claims and life insurance premiums are paid. OPEB expense is determined based upon the annual service cost of benefits and the interest cost on those liabilities plus amortization of net (gain)/loss amounts offset by amortization of prior service credits recorded in AOCI. Our OPEB liability was $
104
million at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. The liability is based on discount rate assumptions of
5.53
% and
4.97
% at December 31,
57
Table of
Contents
2024 and 2023, respectively. OPEB net periodic (benefit)/cost was ($
5
)