forth in the Related Party Policy and Procedures segment of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. We do not have any relationship with any outside third-party that would enable such a party to negotiate terms of a material transaction that may not be available to, or available from, other parties on an arm’s-length basis.
Information regarding the independence of our directors is set forth in the Director Independence segment of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information concerning the fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm and the nature of services comprising the fees for each of the two most recent fiscal years in each of the following categories: (a) audit fees, (b) audit-related fees, (c) tax fees, and (d) all other fees, is set forth in the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm’s Fees and Services segment of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information concerning our Audit Committee’s policies and procedures pertaining to pre-approval of audit and non-audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm is set forth in the Pre-approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Policy segment of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
(a)
Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules, and Exhibits:
(1)
Financial Statements
The financial statements filed as part of this filing are listed on the index to the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8, on page
38
.
(2)
Financial Statement Schedules
Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8, or notes thereto.
72
Table of
Contents
(3)
Exhibits
Exhibits are listed in the exhibit index beginning on page
73
. The exhibits include management contracts, compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to the Form 10-K by Item 601 (10) (iii) of Regulation S-K.
UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION
Exhibit Index
73
Table of
Contents
74
Table of
Contents
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
None.
75
Table of
Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 7th day of February, 2025.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below, on this 7th day of February, 2025, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.
DIRECTORS:
76