greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement. A liability for “unrecognized tax benefits” is recorded for any tax benefits claimed in our tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards.
Leases
– We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. When an implicit rate is not available, we use a collateralized incremental borrowing rate for operating leases based on the information available at commencement date, including lease term, in determining the present value of future payments. The operating lease asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. Operating leases are included in operating lease assets, accounts payable and other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Finance leases are included in properties, net, debt due within one year, and debt due after one year on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and primarily reported in equipment and other rents and financing lease expense is recorded as depreciation and interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
48
Table of
Contents
We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, and we have elected to not separate lease and non-lease components for all classes of underlying assets. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Leases with initial terms in excess of 12 months are recorded as operating or financing leases in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
Pension Benefits
– In order to measure the expense associated with pension benefits, we must make various assumptions including discount rates used to value certain liabilities, expected return on plan assets used to fund these expenses, compensation increases, employee turnover rates, and anticipated mortality rates. The assumptions used by us are based on our historical experience as well as current facts and circumstances. We use an actuarial analysis to measure the expense and liability associated with these benefits.
Personal Injury
– The cost of injuries to employees and others on our property is charged to expense based on estimates of the ultimate cost and number of incidents each year. We use an actuarial analysis to measure the expense and liability, including unasserted claims. Our personal injury liability is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments. Legal fees and