4,815,022
shares repurchased in February 2025 under accelerated share repurchase programs.
Management's assessments of market conditions and other pertinent factors guide the timing, manner, and volume of all repurchases. We expect to fund any share repurchases under this program through cash generated from operations, the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, debt issuances, and cash on hand. Open market repurchases are recorded in treasury stock at cost, which includes any applicable commissions, fees, and excise taxes.
Subsequent event
– From April 1, 2025, through April 23, 2025, we repurchased
2.0
million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $
434
million.
Accelerated share repurchase programs
– The Company has established accelerated share repurchase programs (ASRs) with financial institutions to repurchase shares of our common stock. These ASRs have been structured so that at the time of commencement, we pay a specified amount to the financial institutions and receive an initial delivery of shares. Additional shares may be received at the time of settlement. The final number of shares to be received is based on the volume weighted
16
Table of
Contents
average price of the Company's common stock during the ASR term, less a discount and subject to potential adjustments pursuant to the terms of such ASR.
On February 18, 2025, the Company received
4,815,022
shares of its common stock repurchased under ASRs for an aggregate of $
1.5
billion. When the shares were received, the exchange was accounted for as an equity transaction with $
1.2
billion of the aggregate amount allocated to treasury stock and the remaining $
0.3
billion allocated to paid-in-surplus. This delivery of shares represents the initial and likely minimum number of shares that we may receive under the ASRs initiated in 2025. The final settlement is expected to be completed prior to the end of the third quarter of 2025.
ASRs are accounted for as equity transactions, and at the time of receipt, shares are included in treasury stock at fair market value as of the corresponding initiation or settlement date. The Company reflects shares received as a repurchase of common stock in the weighted average common shares outstanding calculation for basic and diluted earnings per share.
16.
Related Parties
UPRR and other North American railroad companies jointly own TTX Company (TTX). UPRR has a
37.03
% economic interest in TTX while the other North American railroads own the remaining interest. In accordance with ASC 323
Investments - Equity Method and Joint Venture
, UPRR applies the equity method of accounting to our investment in TTX.
TTX is a rail car pooling company that owns rail cars and intermodal wells to serve North America’s railroads. TTX assists railroads in meeting the needs of their customers by providing rail cars in an efficient, pooled environment. All railroads may utilize TTX rail cars through car hire (i.e., renting rail cars at