economic activity and demand for rail transportation; natural gas prices, weather conditions, and demand for other energy sources may impact the coal market; crude oil prices and spreads may drive demand for petroleum products and drilling materials; available truck capacity could impact our intermodal business; and international trade agreements could promote or hinder trade. Lower coal demand, resulting from ongoing competitive energy dynamics and reduced coal-fired electricity production, and lower international intermodal business, due to the west coast volume surge in 2024, are expected to negatively impact volumes. Additionally, the way our customers are affected by and respond to the implementation of new tariffs may influence our volume levels and traffic flows. Fuel prices may continue to fluctuate in the current economic environment. As prices fluctuate, there will be a timing impact on earnings, as our fuel surcharge programs trail increases or decreases in fuel prices by approximately two months. Regardless of external factors, we will focus on operating a safe railroad and delivering the service we sold to our customers as well as effective asset utilization, cost control, and seeking new business opportunities.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Operating Revenues
We generate freight revenues by transporting products from our three commodity groups. Freight revenues vary with volumes (carloads) and average revenue per car (ARC). Changes in price, traffic mix, and fuel surcharges drive ARC. Customer incentives, which are primarily provided for shipping to/from specific locations or based on cumulative volumes, are recorded as a reduction to operating revenues. Customer incentives that include variable consideration based on cumulative volumes are estimated using the expected value method, which is based on available historical, current, and forecasted volumes, and recognized as the related performance obligation is satisfied. We recognize freight revenues over time as shipments move from origin to destination. The allocation of revenues between reporting periods is based on the relative transit time in each reporting period with expenses recognized as incurred.
Other subsidiary revenues (primarily logistics and commuter rail operations) are generally recognized over time as shipments move from origin to destination. The allocation of revenues between reporting periods is based on the relative transit time in each reporting period with expenses recognized as incurred. Accessorial revenues are recognized at a point in time as performance obligations are satisfied.
Freight revenues increased 1% year-over-year to $22.8 billion driven by a 3% increase in volumes and core pricing gains, partially offset by lower fuel surcharge revenues and negative mix of traffic (for example, a relative increase in international intermodal shipments, which have a lower ARC). Volume increases were primarily driven by international intermodal and grain and grain product