incremental borrowing rate on operating leases was 3.8%, 3.6%, and 3.3%, respectively.
30
Table of
Contents
Debt / Net Income
Adjusted Debt / Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted debt (total debt plus operating lease liabilities plus after-tax unfunded pension and OPEB (other post-retirement benefit) obligations) to adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and adjustments for other income and interest on present value of operating leases) is considered a non-GAAP financial measure by SEC Regulation G and Item 10 of SEC Regulation S-K and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. We believe this measure is important to management and investors in evaluating the Company’s ability to sustain given debt levels (including leases) with the cash generated from operations. In addition, a comparable measure is used by rating agencies when reviewing the Company’s credit rating. Adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, other information provided in accordance with GAAP. The most comparable GAAP measure is debt to net income ratio. The tables above provide reconciliations from net income to adjusted EBITDA, debt to adjusted debt, and debt to net income to adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA. At December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the incremental borrowing rate on operating leases was 3.8%, 3.6%, and 3.3%, respectively. Pension and OPEB were funded at December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity. We analyze a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. These analyses inform our liquidity plans and activities outlined below and indicate we have sufficient borrowing capacity to sustain an extended period of lower volumes.
At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had a working capital deficit due to upcoming debt maturities. It is not unusual for us to have a working capital deficit, and we believe it is not an indication of a lack of liquidity. We generate strong cash from operations and also maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility and, when necessary, access the capital markets to meet foreseeable cash requirements.
During 2024, we generated $9.3 billion of cash provided by operating activities, paid down $1.3 billion of long-term debt, paid $3.2 billion in dividends, and repurchased shares totaling $1.5 billion. We have been, and we expect to continue to be, in compliance with our debt covenants.
Our principal sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, our Receivables Facility, our revolving credit facility, as well as the availability of commercial paper and other sources of financing through the capital markets. On December 31, 2024, we had $1.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents, $2.0 billion of committed credit available under our revolving credit facility, and up to $800 million undrawn