employment for
37
months, the attainment of certain levels of ROIC, and the relative
three-year
OIG. We expense two-thirds of the fair value of the units that are probable of being earned based on our forecasted ROIC over the
three-year
performance period, and with respect to the third year of the plan, we expense the remaining one-third of the fair value subject to the relative
three-year
OIG. We measure the fair value of performance stock units based upon the closing price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant. Dividend equivalents are accumulated during the service period and paid to participants only after the units are earned.
Changes in our performance stock unit awards during the three months ended March 31, 2025, were as follows:
At March 31, 2025, there was $
29
million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested performance stock unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
2.1
years. This expense is subject to achievement of the performance measures established for the performance stock unit grants.
5.
Retirement Plans
We provide defined benefit retirement income to eligible non-union employees through qualified and non-qualified (supplemental) pension plans. Qualified and non-qualified pension benefits are based on years of service and the highest compensation during the latest years of employment, with specific reductions made for early retirements. Non-union employees hired on or after January 1, 2018, are no longer eligible for pension benefits, but are eligible for an enhanced 401(k) plan.
Expense
Pension expense is determined based upon the annual service cost of benefits (the actuarial cost of benefits earned during a period) and the interest cost on those liabilities, less the expected return on plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets that recognizes changes in fair value over a
5
-year period. This practice is intended to reduce year-to-year volatility in pension expense, but it can have the effect of delaying the recognition of differences between actual returns on assets and expected returns based on long-term rate of return assumptions. Differences in actual experience in relation to assumptions are not recognized in net income immediately but are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss and, if necessary, amortized as pension expense.
The components of our net periodic pension benefit/cost were as follows:
10
Table of
Contents
Cash contributions
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, cash contributions totaled $
0
to the qualified pension plans. Any contributions made during 2025 will be based on cash generated from operations and financial market considerations. Our policy with respect to funding the qualified pension plans is to fund at least the minimum required by law and not more than the maximum amount deductible for tax purposes. At March 31, 2025, we