in 2024 from $33.2 billion in 2023. The effective interest rate was 4.0% in both periods.
Income Tax Expense
– Income tax expense increased in 2024 compared to 2023 driven by higher pre-tax income in 2024 and higher deferred tax expense reductions in 2023, partially offset by the benefit of purchased federal tax credits in 2024. In 2024, the states of Louisiana and Arkansas enacted legislation to reduce their corporate income tax rates for future years resulting in a $34 million reduction of our deferred tax expense. In 2023, the states of Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas, and Arkansas enacted legislation to reduce their corporate income tax rates for future years resulting in a $114 million reduction of our deferred tax expense. Our effective tax rates for 2024 and 2023 were 23.3% and 22.5%, respectively.
OTHER OPERATING/PERFORMANCE AND FINANCIAL STATISTICS
We report a number of key performance measures weekly to the STB. We provide these on our website at https://investor.unionpacific.com/key-performance-metrics.
Operating/Performance Statistics
Management continuously monitors these key operating metrics to evaluate our operational efficiency in striving to deliver the service product we sold to our customers.
Railroad performance measures are included in the table below:
[a]
As reported to the STB.
Gross and Revenue Ton-Miles
– Gross ton-miles are calculated by multiplying the weight of loaded and empty freight cars by the number of miles hauled. Revenue ton-miles are calculated by multiplying the weight of freight by the number of tariff miles. In 2024, gross ton-miles increased 1% and revenue ton-miles decreased 1%, while carloadings were up 3% year-over-year. Changes in commodity mix drove the year-over-year variances between gross ton-miles, revenue ton-miles, and carloads due to lower coal shipments, which are heavier, and increased international intermodal shipments that are lighter.
Freight Car Velocity
– Freight car velocity measures the average daily miles per car on our network. The two key drivers of this metric are the speed of the train between terminals (average train speed) and the time a rail car spends at the terminals (average terminal dwell time). Freight car velocity increased 2% driven by record terminal dwell levels. The 2023 metrics were negatively impacted by operational challenges caused by weather in the first quarter and train crew shortages in some locations in the first half of 2023, positively impacting the year-over-year comparison.
Locomotive Productivity
– Locomotive productivity is gross ton-miles per average daily locomotive horsepower. Locomotive productivity improved 5% in 2024 compared to 2023 driven by improved network fluidity and asset utilization despite maintaining a buffer in 2024 to flex the fleet size as we experienced and subsequently recovered from certain weather events and reacted to higher volume levels.
29
Table of
Contents
Train Length
– Train length is the average maximum train length on a route