Position as total assets.
Our operating revenues are primarily derived from contracts with customers for the transportation of freight from origin to destination.
Although our revenues are principally derived from customers domiciled in the U.S., the ultimate points of origination or destination for some products we transport are outside the U.S. Freight revenues from each of our commodity groups, as described in the table below, includes revenues from shipments to and from Mexico, which amounted to $
3.0
billion in 2024, $
2.8
billion in 2023, and $
2.7
billion in 2022.
45
Table of
Contents
Our significant segment expenses as monitored by the CODM are shown in the table below.
This breakout of revenues and expenses is used by the CODM to monitor and assess the financial performance of our rail network by comparing actual results to prior years and plans.
[a]    Operating and Administrative includes compensation and benefits, purchased services and materials, equipment and other rents, non-locomotive fuel, and other expenses.
[b]    Other segment items includes car hire and leases, casualty costs, state and local taxes, subsidiary expense, and other overhead expense.
Basis of Presentation
– The Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP) as codified in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC). Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period financial statement presentation.
2.
Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation
– The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Union Pacific Corporation and all of its subsidiaries. Investments in affiliated companies (20% to 50% owned) are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. All intercompany transactions are eliminated. We currently have no less than majority-owned investments that require consolidation under variable interest entity requirements.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash
– Cash equivalents consist of investments with original maturities of three months or less. Amounts included in restricted cash represent those required to be set aside by contractual agreement.
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:
Accounts Receivable
– Accounts receivable includes receivables reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based upon historical losses, credit worthiness of customers, and current economic conditions. Receivables not
46
Table of
Contents
expected to be collected in one year and the associated allowances are classified as other assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
Investments
– Investments represent our investments in