operational efficiency of the network, harden our infrastructure, and replace older assets, including modernization of our locomotive fleet and acquiring freight cars to support replacement and growth opportunities. In addition, the plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network and enhance productivity. This includes siding construction and extension projects, terminal investments supporting our manifest network, and investments in certain ramps to efficiently handle volumes from new and existing intermodal customers. The capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments.
Financing activities
Cash used in financing activities decreased in the first three months of 2025 compared to the same period of 2024 driven by an increase of debt issued and less debt repaid, partially offset by more share repurchases, including entering into accelerated share repurchase programs.
See Note 13 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1, for a description of all our outstanding financing arrangements and significant new borrowings and Note 15 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1, for a description of our share repurchase programs.
Free cash flow
– Free cash flow is defined as cash provided by operating activities less cash used in investing activities and dividends paid. Cash flow conversion rate is defined as cash provided by operating activities less cash used for capital investments as a ratio of net income.
Free cash flow and cash flow conversion rate are not considered financial measures under GAAP by SEC Regulation G and Item 10 of SEC Regulation S-K and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. We believe free cash flow and cash flow conversion rate are important to management and investors in evaluating our financial
25
Table of
Contents
performance and measures our ability to generate cash without external financing. Free cash flow and cash flow conversion rate should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities.
The following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (GAAP measure) to free cash flow (non-GAAP measure):
The following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (GAAP measure) to cash flow conversion rate (non-GAAP measure):
Current liquidity status
We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity. We analyze a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. These analyses inform our liquidity plans and activities outlined below and indicate we have sufficient borrowing capacity to sustain an extended period of lower volumes.
During the first quarter of 2025, we generated $2.2 billion of cash provided by operating activities, paid our quarterly dividend, and repurchased $1.4 billion worth of