shares under our share repurchase programs, including entering into accelerated share repurchase programs for $1.5 billion ($1.2 billion assigned to the initial delivery of shares). On March 31, 2025, we had $1.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents, $2.0 billion of credit available under our revolving credit facility, and up to $800 million undrawn on the Receivables Facility. In January 2025, we redeemed all $350 million of outstanding 3.25% notes due January 15, 2025. In February 2025, we issued $2.0 billion of debt (see Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1). We have been, and we expect to continue to be, in compliance with our debt covenants.
26
Table of
Contents
As described in the notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and as referenced in the table below, we have contractual obligations that may affect our financial condition. Based on our assessment of the underlying provisions and circumstances of our contractual obligations, other than the risks that we and other similarly situated companies face with respect to the condition of the capital markets, as of the date of this filing, there is no known trend, demand, commitment, event, or uncertainty that is reasonably likely to occur that would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. In addition, our commercial obligations, financings, and commitments are customary transactions that are like those of other comparable corporations, particularly within the transportation industry.
The following table identifies material contractual obligations as of March 31, 2025:
[a]
Excludes finance lease obligations of $124 million as well as unamortized discount and deferred issuance costs of ($1,707) million. Includes an interest component of $26,873 million.
[b]
Purchase obligations include locomotive maintenance contracts; purchase commitments for ties, ballast, and rail; and agreements to purchase other goods and services.
[c]
Includes leases for locomotives, freight cars, other equipment, and real estate. Includes an interest component of $114 million.
[d]
Includes estimated other post-retirement, medical, and life insurance payments and payments made under the unfunded pension plan for the next ten years.
[e]
Represents total obligations, including interest component of $12 million.
OTHER MATTERS
Asserted and unasserted claims
– See Note 14 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1.
Indemnities
– See Note 14 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1.
CAUTIONARY INFORMATION
Certain statements in this report, and statements in other reports or information filed or to be filed with the SEC (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us), are, or will be, forward-looking statements as defined by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements