(the Facility), which is designated for general corporate purposes and supports the issuance of commercial paper. Credit facility withdrawals totaled $
0
during the three months ended March 31, 2025. Commitment fees and interest rates payable under the Facility are similar to fees and rates available to comparably rated, investment-grade borrowers. The Facility allows for borrowings at floating rates based on Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), plus a spread, depending upon credit ratings for our senior unsecured debt. The Facility, set to expire May 20, 2027, requires UPC to maintain an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) coverage ratio.
The definition of debt used for purposes of calculating the adjusted debt-to-EBITDA coverage ratio includes, among other things, certain credit arrangements, finance leases, guarantees, unfunded and vested pension benefits under Title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), and unamortized debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs. At March 31, 2025 , the Company was in compliance with the adjusted debt-to-EBITDA coverage ratio, which allows us to carry up to $
46.7
billion of debt (as defined in the Facility), and we had $
34.6
billion of debt (as defined in the Facility) outstanding at that date. The Facility does not include any other financial restrictions, credit rating triggers (other than rating-dependent pricing), or any other provision that could require us to post collateral. The Facility also includes a $
150
million cross-default provision and a change-of-control provision.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we issued $
0
and repaid $
0
of commercial paper. At March 31, 2025, we had $
0
of commercial paper outstanding. Our revolving credit facility supports our outstanding commercial paper balances, and, unless we change the terms of our commercial paper program, our aggregate issuance of commercial paper will not exceed the amount of borrowings available under the Facility.
Shelf registration statement and significant new borrowings
– We filed an automatic shelf registration statement with the SEC that became effective on February 13, 2024. Under our shelf registration, we may issue, from time to time, any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, or warrants for debt securities or preferred stock in one or more offerings. The Board of Directors authorized the issuance of up to $
9.0
billion of debt securities.
14
Table of
Contents
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we issued the following unsecured, fixed-rate debt securities under our shelf registration:
We used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including the repurchase of common stock pursuant to our share repurchase programs. These debt securities include change-of-control provisions. At March 31, 2025, we had remaining authority from the Board of Directors to issue up to $