between reporting periods is based on the relative transit time in each reporting period with expenses recognized as incurred. Outstanding performance obligations related to freight moves in transit totaled $
159
million at December 31, 2024, and $
149
million at December 31, 2023, and are expected to be recognized in the following quarter as we satisfy our remaining performance obligations and deliver freight to destination. The transaction price is generally specified in a contract and may be dependent on the commodity, origin/destination, and route. Customer incentives, which are primarily provided for shipping to/from specific locations or based on cumulative volumes, are recorded as a reduction to operating revenues. Customer incentives that include variable consideration based on cumulative volumes are estimated using the expected value method, which is based on available historical, current, and forecasted volumes, and recognized as the related performance obligation is satisfied.
Under typical payment terms, our customers pay us after each performance obligation is satisfied and there are no material contract assets or liabilities associated with our freight revenues. Outstanding freight receivables are presented in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as accounts receivable, net.
Freight revenues related to interline transportation services that involve other railroads are reported on a net basis. The portion of the gross amount billed to customers that is remitted by the Company to another party is not reflected as freight revenues.
Other revenues consist primarily of revenues earned by our other subsidiaries (primarily logistics and commuter rail operations) and accessorial revenues. Other subsidiary revenues are generally recognized over time as shipments move from origin to destination. The allocation of revenues between reporting periods is based on the relative transit time in each reporting period with expenses recognized as incurred. Accessorial revenues are recognized at a point in time as performance obligations are satisfied.
Translation of Foreign Currency
– Our portion of the assets and liabilities related to foreign investments are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average
47
Table of
Contents
rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Unrealized gains or losses are reflected within common shareholders’ equity as accumulated other comprehensive income or loss.
Fair Value Measurements
– We use a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels include:
Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical