original plaintiff filed the first of these claims in the U.S. District Court in New Jersey on May 14, 2007. These suits alleged that the named railroads engaged in price-fixing by establishing common fuel surcharges for certain rail traffic.
On August 16, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (D.C. Circuit) affirmed the decision of U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (U.S. District Court) denying class certification (the Certification Denial). Only five plaintiffs remain in this multidistrict litigation (MDL I) originally filed in 2007. The MDL I claims previously were proceeding on a consolidated basis in the U.S. District of Columbia District Court before the Honorable Paul L. Friedman. In 2024, they were transferred to the Honorable Beryl A. Howell.
Since the Certification Denial, approximately 106 lawsuits by individual shippers are pending in federal court based on claims essentially identical to those alleged in MDL I. The Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated these suits for pretrial proceedings in the U.S. District Court before the Honorable Beryl A. Howell (MDL II).
As we reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 10, 2011, Oxbow Carbon & Minerals LLC and related entities (Oxbow) filed a complaint against UPRR in the U.S. District Court on June 7, 2011. In 2019, Oxbow dismissed certain claims and the claims that remain are the same as the Plaintiffs’ claims in MDL I. Oxbow's claims previously were proceeding in the U.S. District of Columbia District Court before the Honorable Pail L. Friedman. In 2024, Oxbow's case was transferred to the Honorable Beryl A. Howell.
We continue to deny the allegations that our fuel surcharge programs violate the antitrust laws or any other laws. We believe that these lawsuits are without merit, and we will vigorously defend our actions. Therefore, we currently believe that these matters will not have a material adverse effect on any of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
20
Table of
Contents
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Information About Our Executive Officers and Principal Executive Officers of Our Subsidiaries
The Board of Directors typically elects and designates our executive officers on an annual basis at the board meeting held in conjunction with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and they hold office until their successors are elected. Executive officers also may be elected and designated throughout the year, as the Board of Directors considers appropriate. There are no family relationships among the officers, nor is there any arrangement or understanding between any officer and any other person pursuant to officer selection. The following table sets forth certain information current as of February 7, 2025, relating to the executive officers of UPC and the Railroad.
[1]
Mr. Vena was elected Chief Executive Officer effective August 14, 2023. He previously served as a Senior