Employees may also participate in our ESPP.
Information regarding stock-based compensation expense appears in the table below:
Stock Options
– Stock options are granted at the closing price on the date of grant, have
10
-year contractual terms, and vest no later than
3
years from the date of grant.
None
of the stock options outstanding at December 31, 2024, is subject to performance or market-based vesting conditions.
The table below shows the annual weighted-average assumptions used for Black-Scholes valuation purposes:
The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant; the expected dividend yield is calculated as the ratio of dividends paid per share of common stock to the stock price on the date of grant; the expected life is based on historical and expected exercise behavior; and expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock price over the expected life of the stock option.
A summary of stock option activity during 2024 is presented below:
50
Table of
Contents
At December 31, 2024, there was $
15
million of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
0.8
years.
Additional information regarding stock option exercises appears in the following table:
Retention Awards
– Retention awards are granted at no cost to the employee, vest over periods lasting up to
4
years, and have dividends and dividend equivalents paid to participants during the vesting periods.
Changes in our retention awards during 2024 were as follows:
At December 31, 2024, there was $
70
million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested retention awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.1
years.
Performance Stock Unit Awards
– In February 2024, our Board of Directors approved performance stock unit grants. This plan is based on performance targets for annual return on invested capital (ROIC) and operating income growth (OIG) compared to companies in the S&P 100 Industrials Index plus the Class I railroads. We define ROIC as net operating profit adjusted for interest expense (including interest on average operating lease liabilities) and taxes on interest divided by average invested capital adjusted for average operating lease liabilities.
The February 2024 stock units awarded to executives are subject to continued employment for
37
months, the attainment of certain levels of ROIC, and the relative
three-year
OIG. We expense two-thirds of the fair value of the units that are probable of being earned based on our forecasted ROIC over the
three-year
performance period, and with respect to the third year of the plan, we expense the remaining one-third of the fair value subject to the relative
three-year
OIG. We measure the fair value of performance stock units based upon the closing price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant. Dividend equivalents