environmental liability may include costs relating to activities of other parties, in addition to costs relating to our own activities at each site.
15
Table of
Contents
Our environmental liability activity was as follows:
The environmental liability includes future costs for remediation and restoration of sites, as well as ongoing monitoring costs, but excludes any anticipated recoveries from third parties. Cost estimates are based on information available for each site, financial viability of other potentially responsible parties, and existing technology, laws, and regulations. The ultimate liability for remediation is difficult to determine because of the number of potentially responsible parties, site-specific cost sharing arrangements with other potentially responsible parties, the degree of contamination by various wastes, the scarcity and quality of volumetric data related to many of the sites, and the speculative nature of remediation costs. Estimates of liability may vary over time due to changes in federal, state, and local laws governing environmental remediation. Current obligations are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
Indemnities
– Our maximum potential exposure under indemnification arrangements, including certain tax indemnifications, can range from a specified dollar amount to an unlimited amount, depending on the nature of the transactions and the agreements. Due to uncertainty as to whether claims will be made or how they will be resolved, we cannot reasonably determine the probability of an adverse claim or reasonably estimate any adverse liability or the total maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements. We do not have any reason to believe that we will be required to make any material payments under these indemnity provisions.
15.
Share Repurchase Programs
Effective April 1, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to
100
million shares of our common stock by March 31, 2028. These repurchases may be made on the open market or through other transactions. Our management has sole discretion with respect to determining the timing and amount of these transactions.
Our previous authorization, which was effective April 1, 2022, through March 31, 2025, was approved by our Board of Directors for up to
100
million shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2025, we repurchased a total of
31.7
million shares of our common stock under the 2022 authorization.
The table below represents shares repurchased under repurchase programs in the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
[a]
In the period of the final settlement, the average price under the accelerated share repurchase programs is calculated based on the total program value less the value assigned to the initial delivery of shares. The average price of the initial settlement of the 2025 accelerated share repurchase programs was $
251.73
.
[b]
Includes