hazardous materials and security training. We regularly review the sufficiency of our employee training programs. We maintain the capability to move critical operations to back-up facilities in different locations.
We operate an emergency response management center 24 hours a day. The center receives reports of emergencies, dangerous or potentially dangerous conditions, and other safety and security issues from our employees, the public, law enforcement, and other government officials. In cooperation with government officials, we monitor both threats and public events, and, as necessary, we may alter rail traffic flow at times of concern to minimize risk to communities and our operations. We comply with the hazardous materials routing rules and other requirements imposed by federal law. We design our operating plan to expedite the movement of Rail Security Sensitive Materials (RSSM), a subset of particularly hazardous materials, to minimize the time rail cars remain idle at yards and terminals located in or near major population centers. Additionally, in compliance with Transportation Security Administration (TSA) regulations, we deployed information systems and instructed employees in tracking and documenting the handoff of RSSM with customers and interchange partners.
We established a number of our own innovative safety and security-oriented initiatives ranging from various investments in technology to The Officer on Train program, which provides local law enforcement officers with the opportunity to ride with train crews to enhance their understanding of railroad operations and risks. Our staff of information security professionals continually assess cybersecurity risks and implement mitigation programs that evolve with the changing technology threat environment. To date, we have not experienced any material disruption of our operations due to a cyber threat or incident directed at us.
Cooperation with Federal, State, and Local Government Agencies
– We work closely on physical and cybersecurity initiatives with government agencies, including the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT); the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI); the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), along with its Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), and the TSA; as well as local police departments, fire departments, and other first responders.
In compliance with TSA regulations established in 2022, we designated a Cybersecurity Coordinator to oversee our cybersecurity initiatives and report required incidents to the CISA. We communicated our Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan and conducted a Cybersecurity Vulnerability Assessment to identify potential risks. Our Cybersecurity Implementation Plan outlines the specific actions taken to meet the TSA prevention, detection, and response requirements. Additionally, an ongoing assessment program has been implemented to proactively and regularly evaluate the effectiveness of our cybersecurity program to