Facility would not materially change.
12
Table of
Contents
The costs of the Receivables Facility include interest, which will vary based on prevailing benchmark and commercial paper rates, program fees paid to participating banks, commercial paper issuance costs, and fees of participating banks for unused commitment availability. The costs of the Receivables Facility are included in interest expense and were $
1
million for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
10.
Properties
The following tables list the major categories of property and equipment, as well as the weighted-average estimated useful life for each category (in years):
[a]
Other roadway includes grading, bridges and tunnels, signals, buildings, and other road assets.
[b]
For retirements of depreciable railroad properties that do not occur in the normal course of business, a gain or loss may be recognized if the retirement meets each of the following three conditions: (a) is unusual, (b) is material in amount, and (c) varies significantly from the retirement profile identified through our depreciation studies. In the second quarter of 2024, we sold a large portion of an intermodal equipment asset class resulting in a $
46
million gain recognized in other expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.
13
Table of
Contents
11.
Accounts Payable and Other Current Liabilities
12.
Financial Instruments
Short-term investments
– All of the Company's short-term investments consist of time deposits and government agency securities. These investments are considered Level 2 investments and are valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. As of both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, the Company had $
20
million of short-term investments, which is included in other current assets in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. All short-term investments have a maturity of less than one year and are classified as held-to-maturity.
Fair value of financial instruments
– The fair value of our short- and long-term debt was estimated using a market value price model, which utilizes applicable U.S. Treasury rates along with current market quotes on comparable debt securities. All of the inputs used to determine the fair market value of the Corporation’s long-term debt are Level 2 inputs and obtained from an independent source. At March 31, 2025, the fair value of total debt was $
27.4
billion, approximately $
5.4
billion less than the carrying value. At December 31, 2024, the fair value of total debt was $
25.3
billion, approximately $
5.9
billion less than the carrying value. The fair value of the Corporation’s debt is a measure of its current value under present market conditions. The fair value of our cash equivalents approximates their carrying value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
13.
Debt
Credit facilities
– At March 31, 2025, we had $
2.0
billion of credit available under our revolving credit facility