assets or liabilities.
Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.
Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.
We have applied fair value measurements to our short-term investments, certain equity investments, pension plan assets, and short- and long-term debt.
Stock-Based Compensation
– We issue treasury shares to cover stock option exercises, stock unit vestings, and ESPP shares, while new shares are issued when retention shares are granted.
We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards made to employees, including stock options and ESPP awards. Compensation expense is based on the fair value of the awards as measured at the grant date and is expensed ratably over the service period of the awards (generally the vesting period). The fair value of retention awards is the closing stock price on the date of grant, the fair value of stock options is determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and the fair value of ESPP awards is based on the Company contribution match.
Earnings Per Share
– Basic earnings per share are calculated on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share include shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options and stock-based awards where the conversion of such instruments would be dilutive.
Income Taxes
– We account for income taxes by recording taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that are reported in different periods for financial reporting and income tax purposes. The majority of our deferred tax assets relate to expenses that already have been recorded for financial reporting purposes but not deducted for tax purposes. The majority of our deferred tax liabilities relate to differences between the tax bases and financial reporting amounts of our land and depreciable property, due to accelerated tax depreciation (including bonus depreciation), revaluation of assets in purchase accounting transactions, and differences in capitalization methods. These expected future tax consequences are measured based on current tax law; the effects of future tax legislation are not anticipated.
When appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets to reflect that these tax assets may not be realized. In determining whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, we consider whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, based on management’s judgments using available evidence for purposes of estimating whether future taxable income will be sufficient to realize a deferred tax asset.
We recognize tax benefits that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is