in 2024. Operating Revenues grew 1% driven by volume gains and strong core pricing, which more than offset lower fuel surcharge revenues and an unfavorable business mix. When you remove the impact of fuel, our freight revenues grew 4%. Key is that in a muted economic environment, and with a significant decline in our coal volume, we still grew. By executing on our strategy, we are outperforming our markets and positioning ourselves to be ready for even stronger growth when the freight economy improves.
As we turn the page to 2025, the team is focused on what’s possible and unlocking the value of the Union Pacific franchise. We are ready to build on these accomplishments to achieve a higher level of success. We understand that we’re the current stewards of this amazing, historic company. And it’s our responsibility to leave it in a better place than we found it, as those before us had done. We are grateful for that opportunity and ready to succeed. Thank you for your ownership of Union Pacific.
Chief Executive Officer
3
Table of
Contents
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
4
Table of
Contents
PART I
Item 1.
Business
GENERAL
Union Pacific Railroad Company is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation. One of America's most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad Company connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. The Railroad’s diversified business mix includes Bulk, Industrial, and Premium. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to Eastern gateways, connects with Canada's rail systems, and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient, and environmentally responsible manner.
Union Pacific Corporation was incorporated in Utah in 1969 and maintains its principal executive offices at 1400 Douglas Street, Omaha, NE 68179. The telephone number at that address is (402) 544-5000. The common stock of Union Pacific Corporation is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol “UNP”.
For purposes of this report, unless the context otherwise requires, all references herein to "Union Pacific", “UPC”, “Corporation”, “Company”, “we”, “us”, and “our” shall mean Union Pacific Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Union Pacific Railroad Company, which we separately refer to as “UPRR” or the “Railroad”.
STRATEGY
Safety, Service, and Operational Excellence supports the Company's long-term initiative to Grow its freight volumes. Together as a team, the Company will focus on achieving the best safety record in the industry, being known for superior service, grounded in operational excellence, which, in turn, drives growth.
Safety
is paramount and, as our first area of focus, sets the foundation for achieving the Company's