depreciation associated with each asset class to ensure our depreciation rates are appropriate. In addition, we determine if the recorded amount of accumulated depreciation is deficient (or in excess) of the amount indicated by our depreciation studies. Any
62
Table of
Contents
deficiency (or excess) is amortized as a component of depreciation expense over the remaining service lives of the applicable classes of assets.
For retirements of depreciable railroad properties that do not occur in the normal course of business, a gain or loss may be recognized if the retirement meets each of the following three conditions: (a) is unusual, (b) is material in amount, and (c) varies significantly from the retirement profile identified through our depreciation studies. A gain or loss is recognized in other income when we sell land or dispose of assets that are not part of our railroad operations.
In 2024, we sold a large portion of an intermodal equipment asset class resulting in a gain recognized in other expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
No
gains or losses were recognized due to the retirement of depreciable railroad properties in 2023 or 2022.
We review construction in progress assets that have not yet been placed into service, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or assets may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators are present and the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of construction in progress assets when grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level where identifiable cash flows are largely independent, the carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair value.
When we purchase an asset, we capitalize all costs necessary to make the asset ready for its intended use. However, many of our assets are self-constructed. A large portion of our capital expenditures is for replacement of existing track assets and other road properties, which is typically performed by our employees, and for track line expansion and other capacity projects. Costs that are directly attributable to capital projects (including overhead costs) are capitalized. Direct costs that are capitalized as part of self-constructed assets include material, labor, and work equipment. Indirect costs are capitalized if they clearly relate to the construction of the asset.
Costs incurred that extend the useful life of an asset, improve the safety of our operations, or improve operating efficiency are capitalized, while normal repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Total expense for repairs and maintenance incurred was approximately $
2.3
billion for 2024, $
2.5
billion for 2023, and $
2.4
billion for 2022.
Assets held under finance leases are recorded at the lower of the net present value of the minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased asset at the inception of the lease. Amortization expense is computed using the