Strategy
Our pension plan asset allocation at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and target allocation for 2025, are as follows:
The pension plan investments are held in a master trust. The investment strategy for pension plan assets is to maintain a broadly diversified portfolio designed to achieve our target average long-term rate of return of
5.25
%. While we believe we can achieve a long-term average rate of return of
5.25
%, we cannot be certain that the portfolio will perform to our expectations. Assets are strategically allocated among equity, debt, and other investments in order to achieve a diversification level that reduces fluctuations in investment returns. Asset allocation target ranges for equity, debt, and other portfolios are evaluated at least every
three years
with the assistance of an independent consulting firm. Actual asset allocations are monitored monthly, and rebalancing actions are executed at least quarterly, as needed.
The average credit rating of the debt portfolio was AA- at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. The debt portfolio is also broadly diversified and invested primarily in U.S. Treasury, mortgage, and corporate securities. The weighted-average maturity of the debt portfolio was
22
years at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The investment of pension plan assets in securities issued by UPC is explicitly prohibited by the plan for both the equity and debt portfolios, other than through index fund holdings.
55
Table of
Contents
Fair Value Measurements
The pension plan assets are valued at fair value. The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the investments measured at fair value, including the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.
Federal Government Securities
– Federal Government Securities consist of bills, notes, bonds, and other fixed income securities issued directly by the U.S. Treasury or by government-sponsored enterprises. These assets are valued using a bid evaluation process with bid data provided by independent pricing sources. Federal Government Securities are classified as Level 2 investments.
Bonds and Debentures
– Bonds and debentures consist of debt securities issued by U.S. and non-U.S. corporations as well as state and local governments. These assets are valued using a bid evaluation process with bid data provided by independent pricing sources. Corporate, state, and municipal bonds and debentures are classified as Level 2 investments.
Corporate Stock
– This investment category consists of common and preferred stock issued by U.S. and non-U.S. corporations. Most common shares are traded actively on exchanges and price quotes for these shares are readily available. Common stock is classified as a Level 1 investment. Preferred shares included in this category are valued using a bid evaluation process with bid data provided by independent pricing sources. Preferred stock is classified as a Level 2 investment.
Venture Capital and Buyout