terminals. Domestic business includes container and trailer traffic picked up and delivered within North America for intermodal marketing companies (primarily shipper agents and logistics companies) as well as truckload carriers.
We are the largest automotive carrier west of the Mississippi River and operate or access 39 vehicle distribution centers. The Railroad’s extensive franchise accesses six vehicle assembly plants and connects to West Coast ports, all six major Mexico gateways, and the Port of Houston to accommodate both import and export shipments. In addition to transporting finished vehicles, the Company provides expedited handling of automotive parts in both boxcars and intermodal containers destined for Mexico, the U.S., and Canada.
Seasonality
– Some of the commodities we carry have peak shipping seasons, reflecting either or both the nature of the commodity (such as certain agricultural and food products that have specific growing and harvesting seasons) and the demand cycle for the commodity (such as intermodal traffic that generally peaks during the third quarter to meet back-to-school and holiday-related demand for consumer goods during the fourth quarter). The peak shipping seasons for these commodities can vary considerably each year depending upon various factors, including the strength of domestic and
6
Table of
Contents
international economies and currencies; consumer demand; the strength of harvests, which can be adversely affected by severe weather; market prices for agricultural products; and supply chain disruptions.
Proud & Engaged Workforce
– Our employees are central to our strategy of Safety, Service, and Operational Excellence leading to Growth, and investing in our workforce is key to our success.
Our People
:
Our award-winning, multigenerational workforce includes talented people from all walks of life, in many stages of life. Made up of management and craft professionals, we are focused on attracting, retaining, and developing talent across our entire system.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company employed 32,439 employees. Our workforce includes five generations from Traditionalists (born before 1946) to Generation Z (born after 1998). The average age is 46.9 with an average tenure of 16.2
years.
Union Pacific works with 13 major rail unions, representing approximately 84% of our workforce. Pursuant to the Railway Labor Act (RLA), a federal statute enacted in 1926, our collective bargaining agreements are subject to modification every five years. Existing agreements remain in effect until new agreements are ratified or until the RLA procedures are exhausted. The RLA is designed to bring the railroads and unions to agreement without disruptions to rail transportation. Local negotiations began on January 1, 2025, related to years 2025-2029.
Our Culture:
At Union Pacific, the How Matters – high ethical standards guide the decisions we make and action we take to protect our employees, communities, and customers. Our