based on contractual obligations within the lease arrangements, which set specific guidelines consistent within the railroad industry. As such, we have no control over activities that could materially impact the fair value of the leased assets. We do not hold the power to direct the activities of the VIEs and, therefore, do not control the ongoing activities that have a significant impact on the economic performance of the VIEs. Additionally, we do not have the obligation to absorb losses of the VIEs or the right to receive benefits of the VIEs that could potentially be significant to the VIEs.
We are not considered to be the primary beneficiary and do not consolidate these VIEs because our actions and decisions do not have the most significant effect on the VIE’s performance and our fixed-price purchase options are not considered to be potentially significant to the VIEs. The future minimum lease payments associated with the VIE leases totaled $
609
million as of December 31, 2024, and are recorded as operating lease liabilities at present value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
16.
Leases
We lease certain locomotives, freight cars, and other property for use in our rail operations.
The following are additional details related to our lease portfolio:
[a]
Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of $
472
million and $
497
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
65
Table of
Contents
The lease cost components are classified as follows:
[a]
Operating lease cost is primarily reported in equipment and other rents in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
[b]
Amortization of leased assets is reported in depreciation in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
[c]
Interest on lease liabilities is reported in interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
The following table presents aggregate lease maturities as of December 31, 2024:
The following table presents the weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate:
The following table presents other information related to our operating and finance leases for the years ended December 31:
66
Table of
Contents
17.
Commitments and Contingencies
Asserted and Unasserted Claims
– Various claims and lawsuits are pending against us and certain of our subsidiaries. We cannot fully determine the effect of all asserted and unasserted claims on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. We have recorded a liability where asserted and unasserted claims are considered probable and where such claims can be reasonably estimated. We currently do not expect that any known lawsuits, claims, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, or guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity after taking into account liabilities and insurance recoveries previously recorded for these matters.
In December 2019, we received a putative