shipments, partially offset by weaker demand for coal and rock shipments.
Our fuel surcharge programs generated freight revenues of $2.6 billion and $3.0 billion in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Fuel surcharge revenues in 2024 decreased $0.4 billion due to a 15% decrease in fuel prices and the lag impact of fluctuating fuel prices (it can generally take up to two months for changing fuel prices to affect fuel surcharge recoveries), partially offset by higher volumes.
In 2024, other subsidiary revenues decreased compared to 2023 primarily driven by a weaker demand for intermodal shipments at our subsidiary that brokers intermodal and transload logistics services and the partial transfer of our commuter operations to Metra. Accessorial revenues decreased in 2024 compared to 2023 driven by lower intermodal accessorial revenues because of our intermodal equipment sale, partially offset by a one-time contract settlement.
25
Table of
Contents
The following tables summarize the year-over-year changes in freight revenues, revenue carloads, and ARC by commodity type:
[a]
For intermodal shipments, each container or trailer equals one carload.
26
Table of
Contents
Bulk
– Bulk includes shipments of grain and grain products, fertilizer, food and refrigerated, and coal and renewables. Freight revenues from bulk shipments decreased in 2024 compared to 2023 due to lower volumes and lower fuel surcharge revenues, partially offset by positive mix, from decreased coal shipments, and core pricing gains. Volumes declined 4% compared to 2023 driven by reduced use of coal in electricity generation because of low natural gas prices, coal fired plant capacity, and mild winter weather, partially offset by strength in export grain to Mexico and several other grain products. Additionally, the volume declines were partially offset by increased fertilizer shipments due to strong demand and a 2023 customer outage. Volumes for coal and renewables and food and refrigerated shipments were negatively impacted by outages and service challenges due to repeated snow events in Wyoming and flooding in California in the first quarter of 2023 positively impacting the year-over-year comparisons.
Industrial
– Industrial includes shipments of industrial chemicals and plastics, metals and minerals, forest products, and energy and specialized markets. Freight revenues from industrial shipments increased in 2024 versus 2023 due to core pricing gains and positive mix of traffic from decreased short haul rock shipments and increased petroleum shipments, partially offset by lower fuel surcharge revenues and lower volumes. Volumes decreased 1% compared to 2023 driven by lower demand for rock, due to weather, high inventories, and softness in Southern markets, and decreased sand shipments due to the use of local sources, partially offset by strength in petroleum, industrial chemicals, and plastics.
Premium
– Premium includes shipments of finished automobiles, automotive parts, and merchandise in