is effected. Adjustments to the conversion rate may be executed once in any six-month period unless a single, individual loss greater than €
20
million is incurred, in which case, the six-month limitation does not apply. When the adjustment to the conversion rate is made, the amount previously recorded in right to recover for covered losses is then recorded against the book value of the preferred stock within stockholders’ equity.
As required by the litigation management deed, on June 21, 2024, the eighth anniversary of the Visa Europe acquisition, Visa, in consultation with the VE Territory Litigation Management Committee, carried out a release assessment. After the completion of this assessment, the Company released $
2.7
billion of the as-converted value from its series B and C preferred stock and issued
99,264
shares of series A preferred stock in July 2024 (Eighth Anniversary Release). Each holder of a share of series B and C preferred stock received a number of series A preferred stock equal to the applicable conversion adjustment divided by
100
. The Company paid $
5
million in cash in lieu of issuing fractional shares of series A preferred stock. Each share of series A preferred stock will be automatically converted into
100
shares of class A common stock in connection with a sale to a person eligible to hold class A common stock in accordance with Visa’s certificate of incorporation.
74
Table of Contents
The following table presents the activities related to VE territory covered losses in the preferred stock and right to recover for covered losses within stockholders’ equity:
(1)
VE territory covered losses incurred reflect settlements with merchants and additional legal costs. See
Note 20—Legal Matters
.
(2)
Adjustment to right to recover for covered losses for the conversion rate adjustment differs from the actual recovered amount due to differences in foreign exchange rates between the time the losses were incurred and the subsequent recovery through the conversion rate adjustment.
The following table presents the as-converted value of the preferred stock available to recover VE territory covered losses compared to the book value of preferred stock recorded within the Company’s consolidated balance sheets:
(1)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. As-converted and book values are based on unrounded numbers.
(2)
As of September 30, 2024, the as-converted value of preferred stock is calculated as the product of: (a)
2
million and
3
million shares of the series B and C preferred stock outstanding, respectively; (b)
1.0030
and
1.7860
, the class A common stock conversion rate applicable to the series B and C preferred stock outstanding, respectively; and (c) $
274.95
, Visa’s class A common stock closing stock price.
(3)
As of September 30, 2023, the as-converted value of preferred stock is calculated as the product of: (a)
2
million and
3
million shares of the series B and C preferred stock outstanding,