legal and regulatory proceedings may differ materially from the Company’s estimates. The Company expenses legal costs as incurred in professional fees on the consolidated statements of operations.
See
Note 20—Legal Matters.
Revenue recognition
. The Company’s net revenue is comprised principally of the following categories: service revenue, data processing revenue, international transaction revenue and other revenue, reduced by client incentives. As a payments network service provider, the Company’s obligation to the customer is to stand ready to provide continuous access to Visa’s payments network over the contractual term, facilitate the processing of payment transactions, including authorization, clearing and settlement, and deliver related products and services. The Company delivers its payments network services directly to issuers and acquirers, who provide those services to others within the payments network: the merchants and consumers. The Company considers all parties in Visa’s payments network as customers. The Company earns net revenue primarily from issuers and acquirers. Consideration is variable based primarily upon the amount and type of transactions and payments volume on Visa’s products. The transaction price for each specific service is reported net of discounts attributable to individual services or fees. The Company recognizes revenue, net of sales and other similar taxes, as the payments network services are performed in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. The Company has elected the optional exemption to not disclose the remaining performance obligations related to payments network services and other performance obligations which are constrained by and dependent upon the future performance of its clients, which are variable in nature. The Company also recognizes revenue, net of sales and other similar taxes, from other value-added services, including issuing solutions, acceptance solutions, risk and identity solutions, open banking solutions and advisory services, as these value-added services are performed.
For revenue generated from arrangements that involve third parties, the Company evaluates whether it is the principal, and recognizes revenue on a gross basis, or the agent, and recognizes revenue on a net basis. In this assessment, the Company considers if it obtains the control of the specified services before they are transferred to the customer, or if the Company is arranging for the services to be provided.
Service revenue consists mainly of revenue earned for services provided in support of client usage of Visa payment services. This revenue includes fees related to payments volumes. Visa’s obligation is to stand ready to
67
Table of Contents
provide continuous access to Visa’s payments network and related services with respect to Visa-branded payments programs. Current quarter service revenue is primarily assessed using a calculation of current