and certain Visa rules. They seek damages for alleged anti-competitive conduct in relation to one or more of the following types of interchange fees for credit and debit card transactions: UK domestic, other European domestic, intra-European Economic Area and/or other inter-regional. As of the filing date, Visa has settled the claims asserted by over
950
Merchants, and there are approximately
150
Merchants with outstanding claims. In addition, over
30
Merchants have threatened to commence similar proceedings. Standstill agreements have been entered into with respect to some of those threatened Merchant claims, several of which have been settled. While the amount of interchange being challenged could be substantial, these claims have not yet been filed and their full scope is not yet known. The Company anticipates additional claims in the future.
On December 19, 2024 the UK Court of Appeal issued a decision restricting Merchant damages to
six years
preceding the claim filing. The six-year limitation period will apply to all existing and future Merchant claims brought under English law in the Courts of England and Wales. In April 2025, a trial was completed before the UK Competition Appeal Tribunal regarding the extent to which interchange fees were passed on by acquirers and merchants.
Other Litigation
The claimant in the class action in the Israel Central District Court filed a counter-response to Visa’s July 22, 2024 response and a preliminary hearing was held on February 26, 2025.
Other Litigation
U.S. Department of Justice
On December 16, 2024, Visa filed a motion to dismiss the complaint.
U.S. Debit Class Actions
On November 26, 2024, plaintiffs in the
four
putative class actions brought on behalf of merchants then-pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York moved to consolidate their cases, appoint interim leadership, and enter an interim schedule, which the court granted. On December 16, 2024, those plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint. On December 13, 2024, plaintiffs in
three
putative class actions brought on behalf of cardholders pending in or being transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York moved to consolidate their cases, appoint interim leadership and enter an interim schedule, which the court granted.
Two
remaining cardholder actions were subsequently transferred to that court. On December 27, 2024,
25
Table of Contents
plaintiffs in the consolidated cardholder actions filed an amended consolidated complaint. On January 29, 2025, an additional putative class action brought on behalf of merchants was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, which was consolidated into the existing merchant consolidated complaint. On February 24, 2025, Visa filed motions to dismiss the consolidated complaints by merchants and cardholders. Visa also filed a motion to stay the litigation as to certain putative class representatives and certain