assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risks to which Visa is exposed. As noted in
Item 1A
, however, these processes may not be sufficient to mitigate all cybersecurity risks. Our CISO provides an update on our cybersecurity program to the ARC twice per year and to the full board of directors annually. The updates to the ARC and the full board of directors provide an overview of our cybersecurity performance, progress against goals, cybersecurity threat landscape, and other relevant developments.
35
Table
of Contents
ITEM 2.    Properties
As of September 30, 2024, we owned or leased 135 office locations in 83 countries around the world, including four data centers located in the U.S., the United Kingdom and Singapore. Our corporate headquarters are located in owned and leased premises in the San Francisco Bay Area.
We believe that these facilities are suitable and adequate to support our ongoing business needs.
ITEM 3.    Legal Proceedings
Refer to
Note 20—Legal Matters
to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report.
ITEM 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
36
Table
of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5.    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our class A common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol V. As of November 6, 2024, we had 319 stockholders of record of our class A common stock. The number of beneficial owners is substantially greater than the number of record holders, because a large portion of our class A common stock is held in “street name” by brokers and other financial institutions on behalf of our stockholders. There is currently no established public trading market for our class B-1, B-2 or C common stock. As of November 6, 2024, there were 657, 215 and 353 holders of record of our class B-1, B-2 and C common stock, respectively.
On October 29, 2024, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.59 per share of class A common stock (determined in the case of all other outstanding common and preferred stock on an as-converted basis) payable on December 2, 2024, to holders of record as of November 12, 2024.
Subject to legally available funds, we expect to continue paying quarterly cash dividends on our outstanding common and preferred stock in the future. However, the declaration and payment of future dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, settlement indemnifications, operating results, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The table below presents our purchases of class A common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024:
(1)
The figures in the table reflect transactions according to the trade dates.
(2)
Includes applicable taxes.
See
Note 15—Stockholders’ Equity
to our consolidated financial statements included in