The Company will continue to consider and reevaluate this estimate in light of the substantial uncertainties with respect to the litigation. The Company is unable to estimate a potential loss or range of loss, if any, at trial if negotiated resolutions cannot be reached.
Accrual Summary—VE Territory Covered Litigation
Visa Inc., Visa International and Visa Europe are parties to certain legal proceedings that are covered by the Europe retrospective responsibility plan. Unlike the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan, the Europe retrospective responsibility plan does not have an escrow account that is used to fund settlements or judgments. The Company is entitled to recover VE territory covered losses through periodic adjustments to the class A common stock conversion rates applicable to the series B and C preferred stock. An accrual for the VE territory covered losses and a reduction to stockholders’ equity will be recorded when the loss is deemed to be probable and reasonably estimable. See further discussion below under
VE Territory Covered Litigation
and
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
.
The following table summarizes the accrual activity related to VE territory covered litigation:
U.S. Covered Litigation
Interchange Multidistrict Litigation (MDL) - Individual Merchant Actions
Visa has reached settlements with a number of merchants representing approximately
79
% of the Visa-branded payment card sales volume of merchants who opted out of the Amended Settlement Agreement with the Damages Class plaintiffs.
24
Table of Contents
On November 15, 2024, defendants served a motion for injunction compelling dismissal of claims by Intuit and Block. On March 24, 2025, the magistrate judge recommended that the motion for injunction be denied, and defendants filed an objection to the magistrate judge’s recommendation.
On December 18, 2024, in the actions led by Target Corporation and by 7-Eleven, Inc., the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York denied defendants’ motion for a revised summary judgment ruling based on
Illinois Brick.
In the action led by Grubhub Holdings Inc., the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois set a trial date.
Consumer Interchange Litigation
On December 30, 2024, the district court adopted the magistrate judge’s recommendation to deny defendants’ motion to compel arbitration and grant defendants’ motion to dismiss plaintiffs’ California law claims, and plaintiffs moved for reconsideration.
VE Territory Covered Litigation
Europe Merchant Litigation
Since July 2013, proceedings have been commenced by more than
1,150
Merchants (the capitalized term “Merchant”, when used in this section, means a Merchant together with subsidiary/affiliate companies that are party to the same claim) against Visa Europe, Visa Inc. and other Visa subsidiaries in the UK and other countries, primarily relating to interchange rates in Europe and, in some cases, relating to fees charged by Visa