statements.
62
Table of Contents
VISA
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
63
Table of Contents
VISA
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
September 30, 2024
Note 1—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Organization
. Visa Inc. (Visa or the Company), is a global payments technology company that facilitates global commerce and money movement across more than
200
countries and territories. Visa operates one of the world’s largest electronic payments networks — VisaNet — which provides transaction processing services, primarily authorization, clearing and settlement. The Company offers products, solutions and services that facilitate secure, reliable and efficient money movement for participants in the ecosystem. Visa is not a financial institution and does not issue cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for account holders of Visa products. In most cases, account holder and merchant relationships belong to, and are managed by, Visa’s financial institution clients.
Consolidation and basis of presentation.
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Visa and its consolidated entities and are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). The Company consolidates entities for which it has a controlling financial interest, including variable interest entities (VIEs) for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. The Company’s investments in VIEs have not been material to its consolidated financial statements as of and for the periods presented. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
The Company’s activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent upon and supportive of the other. All significant operating decisions are based on analysis of Visa as a single global business. The Company has
one
reportable segment, Payment Services.
Use of estimates.
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and will be recognized in the period in which such changes occur. Future actual results could differ materially from these estimates. The use of estimates in specific accounting policies is described further below as appropriate.
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents
. Cash and cash equivalents include cash and certain highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase. Cash equivalents