the voting power of all shares of class A common stock outstanding may call a special meeting of stockholders.
33
Table
of Contents
ITEM 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
ITEM 1C.    Cybersecurity
Visa’s Approach to Cybersecurity
As a global company providing payment services to consumers and companies around the world, trust is an indispensable asset. A strong cybersecurity program is a key element to maintaining this trust. As a result, we consider cybersecurity risk one of our key enterprise risks and we assess, identify, and manage such risk as part of our overall enterprise risk management framework. See
Item 1A
for further discussion on our overall risk factors, including technology and cybersecurity risks.
Cybersecurity Program
Visa’s cybersecurity program has been established to identify, analyze, mitigate, monitor, and govern cybersecurity risk and was designed around widely accepted international standards, such as ISO 27002 and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, as well as applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We implement our cybersecurity program primarily through our Key Controls, which define the requirements for the protection of Visa information and technology assets. All employees must complete annual training on our Key Controls and are required to comply with the requirements. Exceptions to the Key Controls must be approved by an established senior management working group, which is overseen by our Corporate Risk Committee (CRC), the management committee responsible for overseeing Visa’s cybersecurity program and other operational risks.
The Key Controls are updated and reviewed annually by our Cybersecurity Governance, Risk and Compliance team and approved by management committees to ensure they continue to address evolving cybersecurity threats and associated legal and regulatory obligations.
As part of our overall business strategy, we have acquired a number of companies for which our full cybersecurity standards may not be appropriate. These designated entities may deliver products and services using systems which are not fully integrated with our standard technology platforms or hosted in our data centers. We have established a separate set of Key Controls for designated entities appropriate to their size and operations that are designed around the same widely accepted international standards noted above, but tailored to the operational reality and business needs of these entities. Regular reporting of our acquired entities’ cybersecurity program is provided to our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), President of Technology, management committees and the board of directors. For additional information about our structural and organizational risks, see
Item 1A
of this report.
Incident Response Plans
Visa’s global cyber security incident response team provides monitoring of Visa networks and digital assets across three cyber fusion centers in the U.S., United Kingdom, and