Item 8
of this report for further discussion on our share repurchase programs.
ITEM 6.    [Reserved]
37
Table
of Contents
ITEM 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
This management’s discussion and analysis provides a review of the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and capital resources of Visa Inc. and its subsidiaries (Visa, we, us, our or the Company) on a historical basis and outlines the factors that have affected recent earnings, as well as those factors that may affect future earnings. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in
Item 8
of this report.
This section of the report generally discusses fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. Discussions of fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 that are not included in this report can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Overview
Visa is a global payments technology company that facilitates global commerce and money movement across more than 200 countries and territories among a global set of consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities through innovative technologies. We provide transaction processing services (primarily authorization, clearing and settlement) to our financial institution and merchant clients through VisaNet, our proprietary advanced transaction processing network. We offer products, solutions and services that facilitate secure, reliable and efficient money movement for all participants in the ecosystem.
Financial overview.
A summary of our as-reported U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP operating results is as follows:
(1)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. Percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(2)
For a full reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results, see tables in
Non-GAAP financial results
below.
Highlights for fiscal 2024
. Net revenue increased 10% over the prior year, primarily due to the growth in nominal cross-border volume, processed transactions and nominal payments volume, partially offset by higher client incentives. Exchange rate movements did not have a material impact on net revenue growth.
GAAP operating expenses increased 6% over the prior year, primarily driven by higher expenses related to personnel, general and administrative and marketing expenses, partially offset by lower litigation provision. See
Results of Operations—Operating Expenses
below for further discussion. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased 11% over the prior year, primarily driven by higher expenses related to personnel, general and administrative and marketing expenses.
Interchange multidistrict litigation.
During fiscal 2024, we