quarter’s pricing applied to the prior quarter’s payments volume.
Data processing revenue consists of revenue earned for authorization, clearing and settlement; value-added services related to issuing, acceptance, and risk and identity solutions; network access; and other maintenance and support services that facilitate transaction and information processing among the Company’s clients globally. Data processing revenue is recognized in the same period the related transactions occur or services are performed.
International transaction revenue is earned for cross-border transaction processing and currency conversion activities. Cross-border transactions arise when the country of origin of the issuer or financial institution originating the transaction is different from that of the beneficiary. International transaction revenue is recognized in the same period the cross-border transactions occur or services are performed.
Other revenue consists mainly of value-added services related to advisory, marketing and certain card benefits; license fees for use of the Visa brand or technology; and fees for account holder services, certification and licensing. Other revenue is recognized in the same period the related transactions occur or services are performed.
Client incentives.
The Company enters into long-term contracts with financial institution clients, merchants and other business partners for various programs that provide cash and other incentives designed to increase revenue by growing payments volume, increasing Visa product acceptance, encouraging merchant acceptance and use of Visa payment services and driving innovation. Incentives are classified as reductions to net revenue within client incentives, unless the incentive is a cash payment made in exchange for a distinct good or service provided by the customer, in which case the payment is classified as operating expenses. The Company generally capitalizes upfront and fixed incentive payments as client incentives assets under these agreements when paid and amortizes the amounts as reductions to net revenue ratably over the contractual term. Incentives that are earned by the customer based on performance targets are recorded as reductions to net revenue when earned based on management's estimate of each client's future performance and the unpaid portion is recognized as client incentives liabilities. These accruals are regularly reviewed and estimates of performance are adjusted, as appropriate, based on changes in performance expectations, actual client performance, amendments to existing contracts or the execution of new contracts. Client incentives assets and liabilities are classified on the consolidated balance sheets as current or long-term based on a 12-month operating cycle.
Marketing.
The Company expenses costs for the production of advertising as incurred. The cost of media advertising is expensed when the advertising takes place. Sponsorship costs are recognized over the period in