were accounted for using the fair value measurement alternative:
Unrealized gains and losses of the Company’s non-marketable equity securities held as of period end that were accounted for using the fair value measurement alternative were as follows:
16
Table of Contents
Other Fair Value Disclosures
Debt.
Debt instruments are measured at amortized cost on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the debt instruments, as provided by third-party pricing vendors, is based on quoted prices in active markets for similar, not identical, instruments. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, these instruments would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of March 31, 2025, the carrying value and estimated fair value of debt was $
20.8
billion and $
18.7
billion, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value and estimated fair value of debt was $
20.8
billion and $
19.2
billion, respectively.
Other financial instruments not measured at fair value.
As of March 31, 2025, the carrying values of settlement receivable and payable and customer collateral are an approximate fair value due to their generally short maturities. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, these instruments would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
Non-financial assets.
Certain non-financial assets such as goodwill, intangible assets and property, equipment and technology are subject to non-recurring fair value measurements if they are deemed to be impaired. The Company performed an annual impairment review of its indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill as of February 1, 2025, and concluded there was
no
impairment as of that date. No recent events or changes in circumstances indicated that impairment existed as of March 31, 2025
.
17
Table of Contents
Note 7—Debt
The Company had outstanding debt as follows:
(1)
Effective interest rates disclosed do not reflect hedge accounting adjustments.
(2)
Represents the fair value of interest rate swap agreements entered into on a portion of the outstanding senior notes.
Note 8—Settlement Guarantee Management
The Company indemnifies its clients for settlement losses suffered due to failure of any other client to fund its settlement obligations in accordance with the Visa operating rules. This indemnification creates settlement risk for the Company due to the difference in timing between the date of a payment transaction and the date of subsequent settlement. The Company maintains and regularly reviews global settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. Historically, the Company has experienced minimal losses as a result of its settlement risk guarantee. However, the Company’s future obligations, which could be material under its guarantees, are not determinable as they are dependent upon future events.
18
Table of Contents
The Company’s