dismiss the complaint.
U.S. ATM Access Fee Litigation
On December 6, 2024, plaintiffs in the
Mackmin
action filed a motion for final approval of the class action settlement with Visa and Mastercard.
MiCamp Solutions
On March 24, 2025, the court dismissed with prejudice MiCamp Solutions’ constitutional law claims, dismissed with leave to amend its federal and state antitrust claims and state data privacy law claims, and denied a motion for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction that MiCamp Solutions filed on March 6, 2025. On April 14, 2025, MiCamp Solutions filed a second amended complaint alleging violations of federal and state antitrust and unfair competition laws based on Visa’s assessment of fees for non-compliance with its surcharge rules.
26
Table of Contents
This management’s discussion and analysis provides a review of the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and capital resources of Visa Inc. and its subsidiaries (Visa, we, us, our or the Company) on a historical basis and outlines the factors that have affected recent earnings, as well as those factors that may affect future earnings. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in
Item 1—Financial Statements
of this report.
Forward-Looking Statements
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that relate to, among other things, the impact on our future financial position, results of operations and cash flows; prospects, developments, strategies and growth of our business; anticipated expansion of our products in certain countries; industry developments; anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions; expectations regarding litigation matters, investigations and proceedings; timing and amount of stock repurchases; sufficiency of sources of liquidity and funding; effectiveness of our risk management programs; and expectations regarding the impact of recent accounting pronouncements on our unaudited consolidated financial statements. Forward-looking statements generally are identified by words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “projects,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “continue” and other similar expressions. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements in our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended September 30, 2024, and any