numbers.
(2)
As of March 31, 2025, the as-converted value of preferred stock is calculated as the product of: (a)
2
million and
3
million shares of the series B and C preferred stock outstanding, respectively; (b)
0.9960
and
1.7830
, the class A common stock conversion rate applicable to the series B and C preferred stock outstanding, respectively; and (c) $
350.46
, Visa’s class A common stock closing stock price.
(3)
As of September 30, 2024, the as-converted value of preferred stock is calculated as the product of: (a)
2
million and
3
million shares of the series B and C preferred stock outstanding, respectively; (b)
1.0030
and
1.7860
, the class A common stock conversion rate applicable to the series B and C preferred stock outstanding, respectively; and (c) $
274.95
, Visa’s class A common stock closing stock price.
14
Table of Contents
Note 6—Fair Value Measurements and Investments
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Level 1 assets and liabilities.
Money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities and marketable equity securities are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy, as fair value is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The Company’s deferred compensation liability is measured at fair value based on marketable equity securities held under the deferred compensation plan.
Level 2 assets and liabilities.
The fair value of U.S. government-sponsored debt securities, as provided by third-party pricing vendors, is based on quoted prices in active markets for similar, not identical, assets. Derivative instruments are valued using inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data.
U.S. Government-sponsored Debt Securities and U.S. Treasury Securities
The amortized cost, unrealized gains and losses and fair value of debt securities were as follows:
15
Table of Contents
The stated maturities of debt securities were as follows:
Equity Securities
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized net unrealized losses of $
23
million for both periods on marketable and non-marketable equity securities held as of period end. For the six months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized net unrealized losses of $
33
million and net unrealized gains of $
13
million, respectively, on marketable and non-marketable equity securities held as of period end.
Fair value measurement alternative.
The Company’s investments in privately held companies do not have readily determinable fair values. These investments are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are classified as Level 3 due to the absence of quoted market prices, the inherent lack of liquidity and the fact that significant inputs used to measure fair value are unobservable and require management’s judgment.
The following table summarizes the Company’s non-marketable equity securities held as of period end that