partners for various programs that provide cash and other incentives designed to increase revenue by growing payments volume, increasing Visa product acceptance, encouraging merchant acceptance and use of Visa payment services and driving innovation. These incentives are primarily accounted for as reductions to net revenue; however, if a separate identifiable benefit at fair value can be established, they are accounted for as operating expenses. Incentives are recognized systematically and rationally based on management’s estimate of each client’s performance. These estimates are regularly reviewed and adjusted, as appropriate, based on changes in performance expectations, actual client performance, amendments to existing contracts or the execution of new contracts.
Assumptions and judgment.
Estimation of client incentives relies on forecasts of payments and transaction volume, card issuance and card conversion. Performance is estimated using client-reported information, transactional information accumulated from our systems, historical information, market and economic conditions and discussions with our clients, merchants and business partners.
Impact if actual results differ from assumptions.
If actual performance is not consistent with our estimates, client incentives may be materially different than initially recorded. Increases in incentive payments are generally driven by increased payments and transaction volume, which drive our net revenue. As a result, in the event incentive payments exceed estimates, such payments are not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The cumulative impact of a revision in estimates is recorded in the period such revisions become probable and estimable.
Legal and Regulatory Matters
Critical estimates.
We are currently involved in various legal proceedings, the outcomes of which are not within our complete control and may not be known for prolonged periods of time. Management is required to assess the probability of loss and estimate the amount of such loss, if any, in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
Assumptions and judgment.
We evaluate the likelihood of a potential loss from legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. We record a liability for such claims when a loss is deemed probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment may be required in the determination of both probability and whether a loss is reasonably estimable. Our judgments are inherently subjective and based on a number of factors, including management’s understanding of the legal or regulatory profile and the specifics of each proceeding, our history with similar matters, advice of internal and external legal counsel and management’s best estimate of incurred loss. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential loss related to pending claims and may revise our estimates.
We have entered into loss sharing