to restrictions on transfer and may become convertible in stages based on developments in the VE territory covered litigation. The shares of series B and C preferred stock will become fully convertible on the 12th anniversary of the closing of the Visa Europe acquisition, subject only to a holdback to cover any then-pending claims. Upon any such conversion of the series B and C preferred stock (whether by such 12th anniversary, or thereafter with respect to claims pending on such anniversary), the conversion rate would be adjusted downward and the holder would receive either class A common stock or series A preferred stock (for those who are not eligible to hold class A common stock pursuant to the Company’s certificate of incorporation). The conversion rates may also be reduced from time to time to offset certain liabilities.
The series A preferred stock, generally designed to be economically equivalent to the Company’s class A common stock, is freely transferable and each share of series A preferred stock will automatically convert into
100
shares of class A common stock upon a transfer to any holder that is eligible to hold class A common stock under the charter. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans.
88
Table of Contents
Voting rights.
The holders of the series B and C preferred stock have no right to vote on any matters, except for certain defined matters, including, in specified circumstances, any consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction of the Company in which the preferred stockholders would either (i) receive shares of common stock or other equity securities of the Company with preferences, rights and privileges that are not substantially identical to the preferences, rights and privileges of the applicable series of preferred stock or (ii) receive securities, cash or other property that is different from what the Company’s class A common stockholders would receive. With respect to these limited matters on which the holders of preferred stock may vote, approval by the preferred stockholders requires the affirmative vote of the outstanding voting power of each such series of preferred stock, each such series voting as a single class. In either case, the series B and C preferred stockholders are entitled to cast a number of votes equal to the number of shares held by each such holder. Holders of the series A preferred stock, upon issuance at conversion, will have similar voting rights to the rights of the holders of the series B and C preferred stock.
Class A common stockholders have the right to vote on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. Class B and C common stockholders have no right to vote on any matters, except for certain defined matters, including (i) any decision to exit the core payments business, in which case the class B and C common stockholders will vote together with the class A common stockholders in a single class, (ii) in specified circumstances, any