activities.
Cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2024 was higher than the prior fiscal year primarily due to higher share repurchases and higher dividends paid, partially offset by the absence of the principal debt payment upon maturity of our December 2022 senior notes.
Sources of Liquidity
Cash, cash equivalents and investments.
As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents balance was $12.0 billion and our available-for-sale debt securities was $5.4 billion.
Our investment portfolio is designed to invest cash in securities which enables us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. Our investment portfolio consists of debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury and U.S. government-sponsored agencies. $3.0 billion of the investments are classified as current and are available to meet short-term liquidity needs. The remaining non-current investments have stated maturities of more than one year from the balance sheet date; however, they are also generally available to meet short-term liquidity needs.
Factors that may impact the liquidity of our investment portfolio include, but are not limited to, changes to credit ratings of the securities, uncertainty related to regulatory developments, actions by central banks and other monetary authorities and the ongoing strength and quality of credit markets. We will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions. However, if current market conditions deteriorate, the liquidity of our investment portfolio may be impacted and we could determine that some of our investments are impaired, which could adversely impact our financial results. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment.
Commercial paper program
. We maintain a commercial paper program to support our working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, we had no outstanding obligations under the program. See
Note 10—Debt
to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report.
Credit facility.
We have an unsecured revolving credit facility, which is maintained to ensure the integrity of the payment card settlement process and for general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, there were no
47
Table
of Contents
amounts outstanding under the credit facility. See
Note 10—Debt
to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report.
U.S. Litigation escrow account.
Pursuant to the terms of the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan, which was created to insulate Visa and our class A common stockholders from financial liability for certain litigation cases, we maintain a U.S. litigation escrow account from which monetary liabilities from settlements of, or judgments in, the U.S. covered litigation will be payable. As these funds are restricted for the sole purpose of making payments related to the U.S. covered litigation matters, we do