covered by the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan or the Europe retrospective responsibility plan (uncovered legal matters) and additional accruals associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation which are covered by the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan (U.S. covered litigation). Litigation provision associated with these matters can vary significantly based on the facts and circumstances related to each matter and do not correlate to the underlying performance of our business. During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we have excluded these amounts to facilitate a comparison to our past operating performance.
Under the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan, we recover the monetary liabilities related to the U.S. covered litigation through a downward adjustment to the rate at which shares of our class B-1 and class B-2 common stock ultimately convert into shares of class A common stock. During fiscal 2024, basic and diluted earnings per class A common stock was unchanged, as a result of the downward adjustments of the class B-1 and B-2 common stock conversion rates during the period. During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, basic earnings per class A common stock was unchanged and increased $0.01, respectively, and diluted earnings per class A common stock was unchanged in both fiscal years, as a result of the downward adjustments of the class B-1 common stock conversion rate during the periods. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
and
Note 20—Legal Matters
to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report.
•
Lease consolidation costs.
During fiscal 2024, we recorded a charge within general and administrative expense associated with the consolidation of certain leased office spaces. We have excluded these amounts as they do not reflect the underlying performance of our business.
•
Indirect taxes.
During fiscal 2024, as a result of the resolution of an audit, we recognized a benefit within general and administrative expense related to the release of the reserve previously recognized in fiscal 2021. This one-time benefit is not representative of our ongoing operations.
•
Charitable contribution.
During fiscal 2024, we donated investment securities to the Visa Foundation and recognized a non-cash general and administrative expense. We have excluded this amount as it does not reflect the underlying performance of our business.
•
Russia-Ukraine charges.
During fiscal 2022, we recorded a loss within general and administrative expense from the deconsolidation of our Russian subsidiary and also incurred charges in personnel expense as a result of steps taken to support our employees in Russia and Ukraine. We have excluded these amounts as they are one-time charges and do not reflect the underlying performance of our business.
40
Table
of Contents
Non-GAAP operating expenses, non-operating income (expense), income tax provision, effective income tax rate, net income and diluted earnings per