are primarily recorded at cost, which approximates fair value due to their generally short maturities. The Company defines restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents as cash and cash equivalents that cannot be withdrawn or used for general operating activities. See
Note 4—Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents.
Restricted cash equivalents—U.S. litigation escrow
. The Company maintains an escrow account from which monetary liabilities from settlements of, or judgments in, the U.S. covered litigation are paid. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
and
Note 20—Legal Matters
for a discussion of the U.S. covered litigation. The escrow funds are held in money market investments, and classified as restricted cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest earned on escrow funds is recognized in investment income (expense) and other on the consolidated statements of operations.
Fair value.
The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. Certain non-financial assets such as goodwill, intangible assets and property, equipment and technology are subject to nonrecurring fair value measurements if they are deemed to be impaired. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements are reported under a three-level valuation hierarchy.
See
Note 6—Fair Value Measurements and Investments.
Marketable equity securities.
Marketable equity securities, which are reported in investment securities on the consolidated balance sheets, include investments in publicly traded companies as well as mutual fund investments related to various employee compensation and benefit plans. Dividend income as well as gains and losses from changes in fair value are recognized in investment income (expense) and other on the consolidated statements of operations.
Trading activity in the mutual fund investments is at the direction of the Company’s employees. These investments are held in a trust and are not considered by the Company to be available for its operational or liquidity
64
Table of Contents
needs. The corresponding liability is reported in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, with changes in the liability recognized in personnel expense on the consolidated statements of operations.
Available-for-sale debt securities.
The Company’s investments in debt securities, which are classified as available-for-sale and reported in investment securities or cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets, include U.S. government-sponsored debt securities and U.S. Treasury securities. These securities are recorded at cost at the time of purchase and are carried at fair value. The Company considers these securities to be available-for-sale to meet working capital and liquidity needs. Investments