opportunities and has opened new points of acceptance, extended credit at the point of sale, made cross-border money flows more efficient, moved B2B payments volume onto Visa’s network, expedited payroll and provided digital wallet customers access to our services. Our portfolio of fintech partners is diverse and continues to grow and scale. In fiscal 2024, we signed over 650 commercial partnerships with fintechs globally, from early-stage companies to growing and mature players, an increase of 30 percent year over year.
To better serve fintechs, Visa has a suite of streamlined commercial programs and digital onboarding tools. Fintech Fast Track, our flagship program for fintechs, is designed to help launch new financial features quickly, such as launching a new card program or enabling the movement of money with Visa Direct. We provide streamlined
13
Table
of Contents
onboarding and turnkey access to hundreds of ecosystem partners. The program has welcomed hundreds of fintechs who are actively engaged in the program.
Visa Ready, our certification program, helps technology companies build and launch payment solutions that meet Visa’s global standards around security and functionality. With our startup engagement programs, like the Visa Everywhere Initiative, early-stage companies can build payment solutions based on our capabilities. Visa also manages programs including She’s Next, Empowered by Visa, a global women’s entrepreneurship initiative, and the Africa Fintech Accelerator Program to uplift underrepresented communities.
MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS, JOINT VENTURES AND STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS
Visa continually explores opportunities to augment our capabilities and provide meaningful value to our clients. Mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments complement our internal development and enhance our partnerships to align with Visa’s priorities. Visa applies a rigorous business analysis to our acquisitions, joint ventures and investments to ensure they will differentiate our network, provide value-added services and accelerate growth.
In fiscal 2024, we completed our acquisition of Pismo, and entered into definitive agreements to acquire a majority interest in Prosa, a leading payments processor in Mexico, and to acquire Featurespace, a developer of real-time AI payments protection technology that prevents and mitigates payments fraud and financial crime risks. After closing, Prosa will continue to operate as an independent company. The Prosa and Featurespace acquisitions are both subject to customary closing conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals.
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY
Visa is committed to operating as a responsible, ethical, inclusive and sustainable company. As one of the global leaders in digital payments, Visa strives to join with clients, partners and other stakeholders to empower people, businesses and communities to thrive, to be an industry leader in addressing the CRS topics most