proposition and considered part of the Visa Direct platform. It is a multilateral B2B cross-border payments network designed to facilitate reliable, secure and cost-effective transactions from the bank of origin directly to the beneficiary bank, helping streamline settlement and optimize payments for financial institutions’ corporate clients. Visa B2B Connect continues to scale and is available in more than 100 countries and territories.
The Visa Direct platform now also includes Visa Cross-Border Solutions and our digitally native Currencycloud capabilities that service new flows and our established cross-border consumer payments businesses with capabilities such as providing real-time foreign exchange rates, virtual accounts, and enhanced liquidity and settlement.
In addition, our Visa+ solution provides interoperability for our clients. In fiscal 2023, we announced the launch of Visa+, which enables transfers between participating P2P apps. Visa+ is now fully live for eligible users of PayPal and Venmo in the U.S. In addition to bringing reach, flexibility and convenience to P2P payment experiences, Visa+
9
Table
of Contents
can help merchants improve the process of disbursing funds to their users, also known as B2C payouts, which is live with DailyPay.
Value-Added Services
Value-added services represent an opportunity for us to diversify our revenue with products and solutions that help our clients and partners optimize their performance, differentiate their offerings and create better experiences for their customers. Our comprehensive suite of value-added services spans five categories — Issuing Solutions, Acceptance Solutions, Risk and Identity Solutions, Open Banking Solutions and Advisory Services.
Our value-added services strategy has three areas of focus: (1) provide services for Visa transactions; (2) deliver network-agnostic services for non-Visa transactions; and (3) provide services that go beyond payments. We have made significant progress across each of these areas and offer more than 200 products and services as of September 30, 2024, many of which are designed to work together to deliver high impact business outcomes.
Issuing Solutions
Visa DPS is a large issuer processor of Visa debit transactions. In addition to multi-network transaction processing, Visa DPS also provides a wide range of value-added services, including fraud mitigation, dispute management, data analytics, campaign management, a suite of digital solutions and contact center services. Our capabilities in API-based issuer processing solutions, like DPS Forward, allow our clients to create new payments use cases and provide them with modular capabilities for digital payments.
In early 2024, Visa completed its acquisition of Pismo, a global, cloud-native issuer processing and core banking platform with operations in Latin America, Asia Pacific and Europe. Pismo’s technology platform expands Visa’s offerings to include core banking and card-issuer processing