present value of future minimum lease payments was as follows:
During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities was $
410
million, $
82
million and $
74
million, respectively.
81
Table of Contents
Note 10—Debt
The Company had outstanding debt as follows:
(1)
Effective interest rates disclosed do not reflect hedge accounting adjustments.
(2)
Represents the fair value of interest rate swap agreements entered into on a portion of the outstanding senior notes. See
Note 1—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
and
Note 13—Derivative and Hedging Instruments
.
Senior Notes
The Company’s outstanding senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company, ranking equally and ratably among themselves and with the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The senior notes are not secured by any assets of the Company and are not guaranteed by any of the Company’s subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all related covenants. Each series of senior notes may be redeemed as a whole or in part at the Company’s option at any time at specified redemption prices. In addition, each series of the Euro notes may be redeemed as a whole at specified redemption prices upon the occurrence of certain U.S. tax events.
As of September 30, 2024, future principal payments on the Company’s outstanding debt were as follows:
82
Table of Contents
Commercial Paper Program
Visa maintains a commercial paper program to support its working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes. Under the program, the Company is authorized to issue up to $
3.0
billion in outstanding notes, with maturities up to
397
days from the date of issuance. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had
no
outstanding obligations under the program.
Credit Facility
In May 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement for a
five-year
, unsecured $
7.0
billion revolving credit facility, which will expire in May 2028. This credit facility is maintained to ensure the integrity of the payment card settlement process and for general corporate purposes. Interest on borrowings will be charged at the applicable reference rate or an alternative base rate as defined in the credit agreement based on the currency and type of the borrowing, plus an applicable margin based on the applicable credit rating of the Company’s senior unsecured long-term debt. The Company has agreed to pay a commitment fee which will fluctuate based on such applicable rating of the Company. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all related covenants. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had
no
amounts outstanding under the credit facility.
Note 11—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
Defined Benefit and Other Postretirement Plans
The Company sponsors qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans that provide for