technologies to protect data confidentiality, the integrity of our network and service availability and to strengthen our core cybersecurity capabilities to minimize risk. Our payments ecosystem risk and control team continually monitors threats to the payments ecosystem to help ensure attacks are detected and prevented efficiently and effectively through pairing our AI capabilities with our security experts.
Brand
Visa’s strong brand helps deliver added value to our clients and their customers, financial institutions, merchants and partners through compelling brand expressions, a wide range of products and services as well as innovative brand and marketing efforts. In line with our commitment to an expansive and diverse range of partnerships for the benefit of our stakeholders, Visa is a sponsor of top entertainment and sports properties including the FIFA World Cup 2026
TM
, the Olympic and Paralympic Games, the National Football League, the Red Bull Formula One Teams
—
the Oracle Red Bull Racing Team and the Visa Cash App RB Formula One Team.
Talent
Attracting, developing and advancing the best talent globally is critical to our continued success. This year, we grew our total workforce from approximately 28,800 in fiscal 2023 to approximately 31,600 employees in fiscal 2024, an increase of 10 percent year over year. Voluntary workforce turnover (rolling 12-month attrition) was 5 percent as of September 30, 2024. Visa employees are located in more than 80 countries and territories, with 57 percent located outside the U.S. At the end of fiscal 2024, Visa’s global workforce was 58 percent men and 42 percent women, and women represented 38 percent of Visa’s leadership (defined as vice president level and above). In the U.S., ethnicity of our workforce was 42 percent Asian, 8 percent Black, 13 percent Hispanic, 3
12
Table
of Contents
percent Other and 34 percent White. For our U.S. leadership, the breakdown was 19 percent Asian, 5 percent Black, 13 percent Hispanic, 3 percent Other and 59 percent White.
As Visa strives to achieve our purpose and our growth objectives, we have focused on enhancing our employees’ expertise across our business. We offer unique career pathways for employees and provide them with tools and support to build on their leadership impact and develop their careers. Along with learning support from Visa University and our educational assistance program, employees are encouraged to broaden their knowledge and develop new skills through alternative career pathways and talent development programs including our global technology apprenticeship, military talent and mentorship programs. Visa’s commitment to fostering a culture of innovation and collaboration also is demonstrated through our employees’ adoption of generative AI tools for content generation, productivity and business automation, including an internal, secure version of ChatGPT and our Ask People Team Portal.
We are committed to providing benefits that support our