numbers.
•
Interest expense
was approximately flat in fiscal 2024 over the prior year primarily due to higher interest benefit related to taxes and lower interest expense related to lower outstanding debt, offset by higher losses from derivative instruments. See
Note 13—Derivative and Hedging Instruments
to
our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report.
•
Investment income (expense) and other
increased in fiscal 2024 over the prior year primarily due to higher interest income on our cash and investments and lower losses on our equity investments. See
Note 6—Fair Value Measurements and Investments
to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report.
Effective Income Tax Rate
The following table presents our effective income tax rates:
The effective income tax rate in fiscal 2024 differs from the effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 primarily due to a tax position taken across jurisdictions, as well as the following:
•
during fiscal 2024, a $223 million tax benefit as a result of the conclusion of audits; and
•
during fiscal 2023, a $142 million tax benefit due to the reassessment of an uncertain tax position as a result of new information obtained during an ongoing tax examination.
During fiscal 2024, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) published administrative guidance around the implementation of a 15% global minimum tax (Pillar Two). Various OECD member countries have either enacted or are in the process of enacting Pillar Two legislation, which will apply to Visa beginning in fiscal 2025. While we do not expect a material tax impact in fiscal 2025, we are monitoring developments and evaluating the potential impact of Pillar Two on future years.
46
Table
of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Based on our current cash flow budgets and forecasts of our short-term and long-term liquidity needs, we believe that our current and projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions and other relevant circumstances.
Cash Flow Data
The following table summarizes our cash flow activity:
Operating activiti
es. Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2024 was lower than the prior fiscal year primarily due to higher incentive payments and higher cash paid for taxes due to the timing of payments, partially offset by continued growth in our underlying business.
Investing activities.
Cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2024 was lower than the prior fiscal year primarily due to higher proceeds from maturities and sales, net of purchases, of investment securities, partially offset by cash paid for acquisitions and the absence of cash received from the settlement of net investment hedge derivative instruments.
Financing