members, has also been granted consent rights to approve certain material decisions in relation to the VE territory covered litigation.
The Company obtained certain protections for VE territory covered losses through the series B and C preferred stock, the UK loss sharing agreement and the litigation management deed (collectively Europe retrospective responsibility plan). The plan covers VE territory covered litigation (and resultant liabilities and losses) relating to the covered period, which generally refers to the period before the Closing. Visa’s protection from the plan is further limited to
70
% of any liabilities where the claim relates to inter-regional multilateral interchange fee rates, where the issuer is located outside the Visa Europe territory and the merchant is located within the Visa Europe territory. The plan does not protect the Company in Europe against all types of litigation or remedies or fines imposed in competition law enforcement proceedings, only the interchange litigation specifically covered by the plan’s terms.
Unlike the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan, the Europe retrospective responsibility plan does not have an escrow account that is used to fund settlements or judgments. The Company is entitled to recover VE territory covered losses through periodic adjustments to the class A common stock conversion rates applicable to the series B and C preferred stock. The total amount of protection available through the preferred stock component of the Europe retrospective responsibility plan is equivalent to the as-converted value of the preferred stock, which can be calculated at any point in time as the product of: (a) the outstanding number of shares of preferred stock; (b) the current conversion rate applicable to each series of preferred stock; and (c) Visa’s class A common stock price. This amount differs from the value of the preferred stock recorded within stockholders’ equity on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The book value of the preferred stock reflects its historical value recorded at the Closing less VE territory covered losses recovered through a reduction of the applicable conversion rate. The book value does not reflect changes in the underlying class A common stock price subsequent to the Closing.
Visa Inc. net income is not impacted by VE territory covered losses as long as the as-converted value of the preferred stock is greater than the covered loss. VE territory covered losses are recorded when the loss is deemed to be probable and reasonably estimable, or in the case of attorney’s fees, when incurred. Concurrently, the Company records a reduction to stockholders’ equity in the contra-equity account right to recover for covered losses, which represents the Company’s right to recover such losses through adjustments to the conversion rate applicable to the preferred stock.
VE territory covered losses may be recorded before the corresponding adjustment to the applicable conversion rate