activated more than 870 contactless public transport projects worldwide. We processed more than 2.0 billion contactless transactions on global transit systems in fiscal 2024, surpassing the number of transactions in 2023.
Tokenization
Visa Token Service (VTS) brings trust to digital commerce innovation. As consumers increasingly rely on digital transactions, VTS is designed to enhance the digital ecosystem through improved authorization, reduced fraud and improved consumer experience. VTS helps protect digital transactions by replacing 16-digit Visa account numbers with a token that includes a surrogate account number, cryptographic information and other data to protect the underlying account information. This security technology can work for a variety of in person or online payment transactions. As of September 30, 2024, Visa has provisioned 11.5 billion network tokens.
Click to Pay
Click to Pay provides a simplified and more consistent cardholder checkout experience online by removing time-consuming key entry of personal information and enabling consumer and transaction data to be passed securely between payments network participants. Based on the EMV
®
Secure Remote Commerce industry standard, Click to Pay brings a standardized and streamlined approach to online checkout and meets the needs of consumers shopping across a growing number of connected devices. The goal of Click to Pay is to make online payments as secure, reliable and interoperable as the in-person checkout experience.
New Flows
Our new flows business is focused on driving digitization and improving the payments and money movement experience across all payment flows, beyond C2B, through our network of networks. These include P2P, B2C, B2B and G2C payments, which provide some of the largest payment opportunities in the world. Representing a total addressable opportunity of approximately $200 trillion
(3)
of payment flows annually, excluding Russia and China, this pillar of our business aims to make payments and money movement easier for businesses, consumers, and governments, using both Visa’s global network and connectivity to other networks around the world
.
We have two key objectives in this business area.
The first objective is to grow B2B payments volume through our Visa Commercial Solutions. This part of the business focuses on addressing the $145 trillion of opportunity in B2B payment flows around the world annually, excluding Russia and China. We believe around 15% of the annual opportunity, or $20 trillion, could be addressed
(3)
Visa analysis based on third party studies.
8
Table
of Contents
by our card and virtual products, which we are continuously evolving for more use cases. Another $105 trillion of the annual opportunity is in the accounts payable and accounts receivable space that largely relies on check, ACH, and wires. Lastly, cross-border volumes, which are addressable by our Visa Commercial Solutions and Visa Direct Platform, represent $20 trillion of