to class B-1 common stock to reflect this redenomination. The amendments also authorized new classes of class B common stock that will only be issuable in connection with an exchange offer where a preceding class of B common stock is tendered in exchange and retired.
The class B common stock is not convertible or transferable until the date on which all of the U.S. covered litigation has been finally resolved. This transfer restriction is subject to limited exceptions, including transfers to other holders of class B common stock. After termination of the restrictions, the class B common stock will be convertible into class A common stock if transferred to a person that was not a Visa Member (as defined in the certificate of incorporation) or similar person or an affiliate of a Visa Member or similar person. Upon such transfer, each share of class B common stock will automatically convert into a number of shares of class A common stock based upon the applicable conversion rate in effect at the time of such transfer.
Adjustment of the conversion rate occurs upon: (i) the completion of any follow-on offering of class A common stock completed to increase the size of the U.S. litigation escrow account (or any cash deposit by the Company in lieu thereof) resulting in a further corresponding decrease in the conversion rate; or (ii) the final resolution of the U.S. covered litigation and the release of funds remaining on deposit in the U.S. litigation escrow account to the Company resulting in a corresponding increase in the conversion rate. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans.
Class B-1 common stock exchange offer
. On May 6, 2024, Visa accepted
241
million shares of class B-1 common stock tendered in the exchange offer. In exchange, on May 8, 2024, Visa issued approximately
120
million shares of class B-2 common stock and
48
million shares of class C common stock. The class B-1 common shares exchanged have been retired and constitute authorized but unissued shares. The conversion rate adjustments for the class B-2 common stock will have double the impact compared to conversion rate adjustments for the class B-1 common stock.
Class C common stock.
There are no existing transfer restrictions on class C common stock.
Preferred stock.
In connection with the Visa Europe acquisition,
three
series of preferred stock of the Company were created. Upon issuance, all of the preferred stock participate on an as-converted basis in regular quarterly cash dividends declared on the Company’s class A common stock. Preferred stock may be issued as redeemable or non-redeemable, and has preference over any class of common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distribution of the Company’s assets in the event of a liquidation or dissolution.
The series B and C preferred stock is convertible upon certain conditions into shares of class A common stock or
series A preferred stock.
The shares of series B and C preferred stock are subject