are also subject to foreign currency exchange risk in daily settlement activities. This risk arises from the timing of rate setting for settlement with clients relative to the timing of market trades for balancing currency positions. Risk in settlement activities is limited through daily operating procedures, including the utilization of Visa settlement systems and our interaction with foreign exchange trading counterparties.
Interest Rate Risk
Our investment portfolio assets are held in both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate securities. Investments in fixed-rate instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The fair value of fixed-rate securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates. Additionally, a falling-rate environment creates reinvestment risk because as
51
Table
of Contents
securities mature, the proceeds are reinvested at a lower rate, generating less interest income. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates did not have a material impact on the fair value of our investment securities. Any realized losses resulting from such interest rate changes would only occur if we sold the investments prior to maturity. Historically, we have been able to hold investments until maturity.
We have interest rate and cross-currency swap agreements on a portion of our outstanding senior notes that allow us to manage our interest rate exposure through a combination of fixed and floating rates and reduce our overall cost of borrowing. Together these swap agreements effectively convert a portion of our U.S. dollar denominated fixed-rate payments into U.S. dollar and Euro-denominated floating-rate payments. By entering into interest rate swaps, we have assumed risks associated with market interest rate fluctuations. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates did not have a material impact on the interest expense for each fiscal year. See
Note 13—Derivative and Hedging Instruments
to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report.
Equity Investment Risk
Our equity investments are held in both marketable and non-marketable equity securities. The marketable equity securities are investments in publicly traded companies and the non-marketable equity securities include investments in privately held companies. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the carrying value of our marketable equity securities was $63 million and $163 million, respectively, and the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities was $1.4 billion for each fiscal year. These securities are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our holdings. A decline in financial condition or operating results of these investments could result in a loss of all or a substantial part of our carrying value in these companies. We regularly review our non-marketable equity securities for