options. Digital wallet providers who utilize RTP networks provide additional competition.
Payment Processors:
Payment processors may perform processing services on third-party payments networks on behalf of issuers or acquirers
.
We compete with payment processors for the processing of Visa transactions. These processors may benefit from mandates requiring them to handle processing under local regulation. For example, as a result of regulation in Europe under the Interchange Fee Regulation (IFR), we may face competition from other networks, processors and other third parties who could process Visa transactions directly with issuers and acquirers.
New Flows Providers:
We compete with alternative solutions to our new flows (e.g., Visa Direct and Visa B2B Connect) such as ACH, RTP and wires. We compete with other global and local card networks for commercial card portfolios. Additionally, we may face competition from financial institution clients who are experimenting with B2B blockchain payments.
15
Table
of Contents
Value-Added Service Providers:
We face competition from companies that provide alternatives to our value-added services. These include a wide range of players, such as technology companies, information services and consulting firms, governments and merchant services companies. The integration of technology like generative AI can create new and better offerings that compete with our value-added services, such as strengthened risk monitorization and managing digital identification. Regulatory initiatives could also lead to increased competition in these areas.
We believe our fundamental value proposition of security, convenience, speed and reliability as well as the number of credentials and our acceptance footprint help us to succeed. In addition, we understand the needs of the individual markets in which we operate and partner with local financial institutions, merchants, fintechs, governments, NGOs and business organizations to provide tailored and innovative solutions. We will continue to utilize our network of networks strategy to facilitate the movement of money. We believe Visa is well-positioned competitively due to our global brand, our broad set of payment products, new flows offerings and value-added services and our proven track record of processing payment transactions securely and reliably.
GOVERNMENT REGULATION
As a global payments technology company, we are subject to complex and evolving global regulations in the various jurisdictions in which our products and services are used. The most significant government regulations that impact our business are discussed below. For further discussion of how global regulations may impact our business, see
Item 1A
—
Regulatory Risks
.
Anti-Corruption, Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorism and Sanctions:
We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the UK Bribery Act and other laws that generally prohibit the making