technology integration fees, restructuring activities and other direct costs related to the purchase and integration of acquired entities. These costs also include retention equity and deferred compensation when they are agreed upon as part of the purchase price of the transaction but are required to be recognized as expense post-combination. We have excluded these amounts as the expenses are recognized for a limited duration and do not reflect the underlying performance of our business.
•
Severance costs.
For the six months ended March 31, 2025, we recorded severance costs within personnel expense to realign our organizational structure and focus on areas that will drive higher long-term growth. This broad-based optimization effort has been excluded as it is not representative of our ongoing operations.
•
Lease consolidation costs.
For the six months ended March 31, 2025, and three and six months ended March 31, 2024, we recorded charges within general and administrative expense associated with the consolidation of certain leased office spaces. We have excluded these amounts as it does not reflect the underlying performance of our business.
•
Litigation provision.
Litigation provision includes significant accruals related to certain legal matters that are not covered by the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan or the Europe retrospective responsibility plan (uncovered legal matters) and additional accruals associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation which are covered by the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan (U.S. covered litigation). Litigation provision associated with these matters can vary significantly based on the facts and circumstances related to each matter and do not correlate to the underlying performance of our business. For the three and six months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we have excluded these amounts to facilitate a comparison to our past operating performance.
Under the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan, we recover the monetary liabilities related to the U.S. covered litigation through a downward adjustment to the rate at which shares of our class B-1 and class B-2 common stock ultimately convert into shares of class A common stock. For the three and six months ended March 31, 2025, basic and diluted earnings per class A common stock was unchanged. For the three and six months ended March 31, 2024, there was no conversion rate adjustment. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
29
Table of Contents
Non-GAAP operating expenses, non-operating income (expense), income tax provision, effective income tax rate, net income and diluted earnings per share should not be relied upon as substitutes for, or considered in isolation from, measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The following tables reconcile our as-reported financial measures, calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, to our respective non-GAAP financial measures: