claims in the merchant complaint, which was granted. On March 28, 2025, Visa filed a motion in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York to compel dismissal of certain claims asserted by certain putative class representatives.
U.S. Securities Class Action
On November 20, 2024, Beibei Cai filed a putative securities class action in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against Visa Inc., and certain of our officers on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded Visa securities between November 16, 2023 and September 23, 2024. The complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5 in failing to disclose that Visa was in violation of U.S. federal antitrust laws, as was alleged in the lawsuit filed by the U.S. Department of Justice on September 24, 2024 (see
U.S. Department of Justice
matter). The plaintiff seeks a ruling that this case may proceed as a class action, and seeks damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs. On April 23, 2025, the court appointed Cai as lead representative plaintiff.
Derivative Cases
Between January 31, 2025, and March 27, 2025,
three
shareholder derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. These actions are purportedly brought by shareholders on behalf of Visa Inc. and against certain of its current and former directors and officers. Collectively, the actions assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty and violations of Sections 10(b) and 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for failing to disclose that Visa was in violation of U.S. federal antitrust laws, as was alleged in the lawsuit filed by the U.S. Department of Justice on September 24, 2024 (see U.S. Department of Justice matter), as well as claims under Sections 20(a) and 21D of the Exchange Act and for unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, insider trading, and aiding and abetting. Plaintiffs seek monetary damages, corporate governance changes and other equitable relief on behalf of Visa Inc. in addition to attorneys’ fees and costs.
Debit Surcharge Class Action
On December 4, 2024, James Williams filed a putative class action in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against Visa Inc. on behalf of a nationwide class of all persons in the United States who paid a surcharge when completing a purchase with a Visa debit card in a transaction with a merchant located in the United States since 2010. The complaint claims that Visa has failed to enforce its rules prohibiting merchants from surcharging those transactions, and that plaintiff and putative class members have been harmed as a result. Plaintiff asserts breach of contract, unjust enrichment and unfair competition claims, and seeks monetary damages, declaratory and injunctive relief. On February 13, 2025, Visa filed a motion to