2021, the district court granted class certification in each case. On August 8, 2022, the district court in
Mackmin
granted plaintiffs’ motion for final approval of a class action settlement with the
three
financial institution defendants and entered final judgments of dismissal as to those institutions. On May 2, 2024, Visa and Mastercard entered a definitive class settlement agreement with plaintiffs in
Mackmin
, which the district court preliminarily approved on July 26, 2024.
Burke,
the remaining consumer action, is still pending.
EMV Chip Liability Shift
Following their initial complaint filed on March 8, 2016, B&R Supermarket, Inc., d/b/a Milam’s Market, and Grove Liquors LLC filed an amended class action complaint on July 15, 2016, against Visa Inc., Visa U.S.A., Mastercard, Discover, American Express, EMVCo and certain financial institutions in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The amended complaint asserts that defendants, through EMVCo, conspired to shift liability for fraudulent, faulty, or otherwise rejected payment card transactions from defendants to the purported class of merchants, defined as those merchants throughout the U.S. who have been subjected to the “Liability Shift” since
102
Table of Contents
October 2015. Plaintiffs claim that the “Liability Shift” violates Sections 1 and 3 of the Sherman Act and certain state laws, and seek treble damages, injunctive relief and attorneys’ fees.
EMVCo and the financial institution defendants were dismissed, and the matter was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The district court clarified that this case is not part of MDL 1720, and on August 28, 2020, granted plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. On November 30, 2022, Visa and other defendants served motions to decertify and for summary judgment, which the court subsequently denied.
MiCamp Solutions
On December 8, 2023, a complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California by MiCamp Solutions, LLC against Visa on behalf of a purported class of Independent Sales Organizations (ISOs) and their merchant customers and a purported subclass of ISOs. The complaint alleges violations of federal and state antitrust laws, state data privacy laws and the constitution, based on, among other things, Visa’s interchange fees and its assessment of fees for non-compliance with its surcharge rules. The complaint seeks to recover damages and to enjoin the enforcement of Visa’s default interchange and surcharge rules, among other things. On March 5, 2024, MiCamp Solutions filed an amended complaint on behalf of the same purported class and subclass, and containing similar allegations as in the original complaint, and on March 19, 2024, Visa filed a motion to dismiss that amended complaint.
Mirage Wine + Spirit’s Inc.
On December 14, 2023, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of