30
Table of Contents
(1)
Determined by applying applicable tax rates.
(2)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. Effective income tax rate, diluted earnings per share and their respective totals are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
Payments volume and processed transactions.
Payments volume is the primary driver for our service revenue, and the number of processed transactions is the primary driver for our data processing revenue.
Payments
volume represents the aggregate dollar amount of purchases made with cards and other form factors carrying the Visa, Visa Electron, V PAY and Interlink brands and excludes Europe co-badged volume. Nominal payments volume is denominated in U.S. dollars and is calculated each quarter by applying an established U.S. dollar/foreign currency exchange rate for each local currency in which our volumes are reported.
Processed transactions include payments and cash transactions, and represent transactions using cards and other form factors carrying the Visa, Visa Electron, V PAY, Interlink and PLUS brands processed on Visa’s networks.
31
Table of Contents
The following tables present nominal payments and cash volume:
The following table presents the change in nominal and constant payments and cash volume:
(1)
Service revenue in a given quarter is primarily assessed based on nominal payments volume in the prior quarter. Therefore, service revenue reported for the three and six months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, was based on nominal payments volume reported by our financial institution clients for the three and six months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. On occasion, previously presented volume information may be updated. Prior period updates are not material.
(2)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. Percentage changes and totals are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(3)
Includes consumer prepaid volume and Interlink volume.
(4)
Includes large, medium and small business credit and debit, as well as commercial prepaid volume.
(5)
Cash volume generally consists of cash access transactions, balance access transactions, balance transfers and convenience checks.
(6)
Total nominal volume is the sum of total nominal payments volume and cash volume. Total nominal volume is provided by our financial institution clients, subject to review by Visa.
(7)
Growth on a constant-dollar basis excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar.
32
Table of Contents
The following table presents the number of processed transactions:
(1)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. Percentage change is calculated based on unrounded numbers. On occasion, previously presented information may be updated. Prior period updates are not material.
Results of Operations
Net Revenue
The following table presents our net revenue earned in the U.S. and internationally:
(1)
Figures in the table may not recalculate