subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
27
Table of Contents
Overview
Visa is a global payments technology company that facilitates global commerce and money movement across more than 200 countries and territories among a global set of consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities through innovative technologies. We provide transaction processing services (primarily authorization, clearing and settlement) to our financial institution and merchant clients through VisaNet, our proprietary advanced transaction processing network. We offer products, solutions and services that facilitate secure, reliable and efficient money movement for all participants in the ecosystem.
Financial overview.
A summary of our as-reported U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP operating results is as follows:
(1)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. Percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(2)
For a full reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results, see tables in
Non-GAAP financial results
below.
Highlights.
For the three and six months ended March 31, 2025, net revenue increased 9% and 10% over the prior-year comparable periods, respectively, primarily due to the growth in processed transactions, nominal cross-border volume and nominal payments volume, partially offset by higher client incentives. For the three and six months ended March 31, 2025, exchange rate movements lowered our net revenue growth by approximately two percentage points and one percentage point, respectively. See
Results of Operations—Net Revenue
below for further discussion.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, operating expenses increased 22% over the prior-year comparable period, primarily driven by higher litigation provision. For the six months ended March 31, 2025, operating expenses increased 22% over the prior-year comparable period, primarily driven by higher litigation provision and personnel expense. See
Results of Operations—Operating Expenses
below for further discussion. For the three and six months ended March 31, 2025, exchange rate movements lowered our operating expense growth by approximately two percentage points and one percentage point, respectively.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, non-GAAP operating expenses increased 7% over the prior-year comparable period, primarily driven by higher personnel, marketing, and depreciation and amortization expenses. For the six months ended March 31, 2025, non-GAAP operating expenses increased 9% over the prior-year comparable period, primarily driven by higher personnel, general and administrative, and depreciation and amortization expenses.
Acquisition.
In December 2024, we acquired Featurespace Limited (Featurespace), a developer of real-time artificial intelligence payments protection technology that