period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes
☐
No
☑
The aggregate market value of the registrant’s class A common stock, held by non-affiliates (using the New York Stock Exchange closing price as of March 28, 2024, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $
439.3
billion. There is currently no established public trading market for the registrant’s class B-1, B-2 or class C common stock.
As of November 6, 2024, the registrant’s shares of common stock outstanding were as follows.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the Registrant’s fiscal year ended September 30, 2024
.
Table
of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Unless the context indicates otherwise, reference to Visa, we, us, our or the Company refers to Visa Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Visa and our other trademarks referenced in this report are Visa’s property. This report may contain additional trade names and trademarks of other companies. The use or display of other companies’ trade names or trademarks does not imply our endorsement or sponsorship of, or a relationship with, these companies.
2
Table
of Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that relate to, among other things, the impact on our future financial position, results of operations and cash flows; prospects, developments, strategies and growth of our business; anticipated expansion of our products in certain countries; size and growth of the total addressable opportunities in consumer payments and new flows and our ability to capture such opportunities; industry developments; anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions; expectations regarding litigation matters, investigations and proceedings; timing and amount of stock repurchases; sufficiency of sources of liquidity and funding; effectiveness of our risk management programs; and expectations regarding the impact of recent accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements. Forward-looking statements generally are identified by words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “projects,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “continue” and other similar expressions. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our