during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B.    Other Information
(b) Trading Plans
None
.
104
ITEM 9C.    Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
105
PART III
ITEM 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
We will file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (Proxy Statement) no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 11.    Executive Compensation
The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
106
PART IV
ITEM 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
The following documents are filed as part of this report:
1.
Consolidated Financial Statements
See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Item 8
of this report.
2.
Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules
None.
3.
The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or, where indicated, were previously filed and are hereby incorporated by reference:
Refer to the Exhibit Index herein.
ITEM 16.    Form 10-K Summary
None.
107
EXHIBIT INDEX
108
109
110
111
112
_______________
†    Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement. A completed copy of the agreement, including the redacted portions, has been filed separately with the SEC.
*    Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.
+    Filed or furnished herewith.
#    Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that the parties may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished.
113
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following