Illinois by Mirage Wine + Spirit’s Inc. against Apple Inc. (Apple), Visa Inc. and Mastercard Incorporated on behalf of certain merchants in the United States that accepted Apple Pay as a method of payment at the physical point-of-sale from December 14, 2019. Plaintiff alleges a conspiracy under which Apple agreed not to enter a purported market for point-of-sale payment card networks services and seeks damages, injunctive relief and attorneys’ fees based on alleged violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. After various orders that resulted in the case being maintained in its originally filed court, plaintiffs filed an Amended Class Action Complaint on August 5, 2024. Thereafter, the district court set a trial date in 2026. On September 26, 2024, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Class Action Complaint.
U.S. Income Tax Litigation
On June 21, 2024, the Company filed a complaint against the United States in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims. The complaint challenges the denial by the Internal Revenue Service of certain income tax deductions from 2008 through 2015 related to software that the Company developed in the United States for utilization by Visa clients.
European Commission Client Incentive Agreements Investigation
On December 2, 2022, the European Commission (EC) informed Visa that it had opened a preliminary investigation into Visa’s incentive agreements with clients. On October 1, 2024, the EC informed Visa that it has closed the matter.
European Commission Acquirer Fees Investigation
On August 30, 2024, the EC informed Visa that it has opened a preliminary investigation into Visa’s fees charged to acquirers. Visa is cooperating with the EC in connection with the investigation.
German ATM Litigation
Beginning in December 2021, Visa was served with claims in Germany brought by German banks against Visa Europe and Visa Inc. The banks claim that Visa’s ATM rules prohibiting the charging of access fees on domestic cash withdrawals are anti-competitive, and the majority seek damages. Visa has filed challenges to the jurisdiction of the German courts to hear these claims. Jurisdictional challenges have been granted in some claims and denied in other claims, and these decisions have been appealed.
103
ITEM 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A.    Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow