common stock share count with each deposit amount. See
Note 15—Stockholders’ Equity
.
Makewhole agreements.
As a condition to participating in the class B-1 common stock exchange offer, each participating stockholder, together with its respective parent guarantors (as applicable), entered into a separate makewhole agreement with Visa pursuant to which the holder agreed to reimburse Visa in cash for the portion of certain future deposits into the U.S. litigation escrow account that, but for the holder's participation in the exchange offer, would have been absorbed by such holder through a reduction in the class B-1 conversion rate in respect of the class B-1 common stock it tendered in the exchange offer. Payments under the makewhole agreements arise when, as a result of a deposit into the U.S. litigation escrow account, the as-converted value of the class B-2 common stock a holder received in the exchange offer becomes or is already less than zero, but the class B-1 conversion rate remains greater than or equal to zero. No additional payment obligations will arise under the makewhole agreements after the class B-1 conversion rate reaches zero. See
Note 15—Stockholders’ Equity
.
Indemnification obligations
. To the extent that amounts available under the U.S. litigation escrow arrangement and other agreements in the plan are insufficient to fully resolve the U.S. covered litigation, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce the indemnification obligations of Visa U.S.A.’s members for such excess amounts, including but not limited to enforcing indemnification obligations pursuant to Visa U.S.A.’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws and in accordance with their membership agreements.
Interchange judgment sharing agreement.
Visa U.S.A. and Visa International Service Association (Visa International) have entered into an interchange judgment sharing agreement with certain Visa U.S.A. members that have been named as defendants in the interchange multidistrict litigation, which is described in
Note 20—Legal Matters
. Under this judgment sharing agreement, Visa U.S.A. members that are signatories will pay their membership proportion of the amount of a final judgment not allocated to the conduct of Mastercard.
72
Table of Contents
Loss sharing agreement.
Visa has entered into a loss sharing agreement with Visa U.S.A., Visa International and certain Visa U.S.A. members. The loss sharing agreement provides for the indemnification of Visa U.S.A., Visa International and, in certain circumstances, Visa with respect to: (i) the amount of a final judgment paid by Visa U.S.A. or Visa International in the U.S. covered litigation after the operation of the U.S. litigation escrow arrangement, conversion feature of the Company’s class B common stock and interchange judgment sharing agreement, plus any amounts reimbursable to the interchange judgment sharing agreement signatories; or (ii) the damages portion of a settlement of a U.S. covered