million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) was $
182
million and $
433
million, respectively.
Credit and market risks.
The Company’s derivative financial instruments are subject to both credit and market risk. The Company monitors the credit worthiness of the financial institutions that are counterparties to its derivative financial instruments and does not consider the risks of counterparty nonperformance to be significant. The Company mitigates this risk by entering into master netting agreements, and such agreements require each party to post collateral against its net liability position with the respective counterparty. As of September 30, 2024, the Company received collateral of $
62
million from counterparties, which is included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, and posted collateral of $
48
million, which is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Notwithstanding the Company’s efforts to manage foreign exchange risk, there can be no absolute assurance that its hedging activities will adequately protect against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations. As of September 30, 2024, credit and market risks related to derivative instruments were not considered significant.
Note 14—Enterprise-wide Disclosures and Concentration of Business
The Company’s long-lived net property and equipment and ROU assets are classified by major geographic areas as follows:
Net revenue by geographic market is primarily based on the location of the issuing or acquiring financial institution. Net revenue earned in the U.S. was approximately
41
%,
43
% and
44
% of total net revenue in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. No individual country, other than the U.S., generated 10% or more of total net revenue in these years.
In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company had one client that accounted for
11
%,
11
% and
10
% of its total net revenue, respectively.
85
Table of Contents
Note 15—Stockholders’ Equity
As-converted class A common stock.
The number of shares outstanding, and the number of shares of class A common stock on an as-converted basis were as follows:
(1)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. As-converted class A common stock is calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(2)
The number of shares outstanding was less than one million.
(3)
The class B-1 and class B-2 to class A common stock conversion calculations for dividend payments are based on a conversion rate rounded to the tenth decimal. Conversion rates are presented on a rounded basis.
(4)
No shares of class B-2 common stock were outstanding prior to the class B-1 common stock exchange offer. See
class B-1 common stock exchange offer
below for further details.
Series A preferred stock issuance.
In July 2024, the Company issued
99,264
shares of series A preferred stock in connection with the Eighth Anniversary