in those markets.
One
action was subsequently dismissed voluntarily. An additional putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California asserting similar allegations. Each of the pending cases alleges violations of the Sherman Act and seeks damages, among other relief. Some of these cases assert violations of one or more state laws and seek injunctive relief. Plaintiffs in these actions seek to represent one of the following classes: (i) merchants or others that accepted general-purpose Visa debit cards from certain dates in October 2020; (ii) persons who either purchased goods or services from a merchant that accepted Visa debit cards or who directly or indirectly paid interchange fees as debit card holders from October 20, 2020; or (iii) persons, business, or entities that have paid Visa’s fees for debit transaction routing services from September 24, 2020.
Federal Trade Commission Civil Investigative Demand
On November 4, 2019, the Bureau of Competition of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) requested that Visa provide, on a voluntary basis, documents and information relating to an investigation as to whether Visa’s actions inhibited merchant choice in the selection of debit payments networks in potential violation of the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. On June 9, 2020, the FTC issued a CID to Visa requesting additional documents and information. Visa has cooperated with the FTC in connection with the CID.
U.S. ATM Access Fee Litigation
National ATM Council Class Action
. In October 2011, the National ATM Council and
thirteen
non-bank ATM operators filed a purported class action lawsuit against Visa and Mastercard in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaint challenges Visa’s rule (and a similar Mastercard rule) that if an ATM operator chooses to charge consumers an access fee for a Visa or Plus transaction, that fee cannot be greater than the access fee charged for transactions on other networks. Plaintiffs claim that the rule violates Section 1 of the Sherman Act and seek treble damages, injunctive relief and attorneys’ fees. On August 4, 2021, the district court granted plaintiffs’ motion for class certification.
Consumer Class Actions
. In October 2011, a purported consumer class action,
Burke, et al. v. Visa Inc., et al.
(
Burke
) was filed against Visa and Mastercard in the same federal court challenging the same ATM access fee rules.
Two
other purported consumer class actions challenging the rules, later combined in
Mackmin, et al. v. Visa Inc., et al.,
(
Mackmin
), were also filed in October 2011 in the same federal court naming Visa, Mastercard and
three
financial institutions as defendants. Plaintiffs seek treble damages, restitution, injunctive relief and attorneys’ fees where available under federal and state law, including under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and consumer protection statutes. On August 4,