employees. As part of our inclusive “whole person” approach to benefits, Visa offers a robust package of curated tools, resources, and benefits for our employees. While some programs may vary by location, some of our financial benefits include our 401(k) match, employee stock purchase plan and financial wellbeing sessions and resources. In addition to our enhanced mental well-being benefits, we began offering mental health first aid training for employees and are piloting a peer-to-peer ambassador network to create an employee support system.
Based on our latest employee engagement survey, 91% of employees would recommend Visa as a great place to work. We strive to put our people first, and this is exemplified by prioritizing investments to create spaces that encourage collaboration, inspire creativity and reflect our brand in our office locations and data centers worldwide. In 2024, Visa opened the Mission Rock market support center in San Francisco, forming a unified, complementary campus with our Foster City location.
This year, we also recommitted to ensuring that employees feel closely connected to one another and to our business at large. To support this effort, Visa activated Viva Engage, our new internal social network, as a place for all employees to collaborate, share information and connect with company leadership in real time, every day. Since our launch of Viva Engage, 97% of employees had visited the platform at least once, with 82% accessing the platform at least twice a week on average.
We also are dedicated to ensuring that employees feel valued in their day-to-day work. In recent years, Visa has prioritized and invested in employee recognition, which in turn drives engagement and innovation. Our UPLIFT program is designed to drive engagement and innovation by enabling employees to recognize, appreciate and celebrate each other, no matter their role or level. The UPLIFT program also drives Visa’s culture by grounding the recognition categories in Visa’s Leadership Principles – further reinforcing that at Visa, it is not only about
what
you achieve, but
how
you do it. For fiscal 2024, active UPLIFT platform users as a percentage of all users was 78%, while the number of recognitions sent nearly doubled, from approximately 130,000 to nearly 248,000 since the prior year.
For additional information regarding our human capital management, please see the section titled “Talent and Human Capital Management” in Visa’s 2024 Proxy Statement as well as our website at
visa.com/crs
, which includes our 2023 Consolidated EEO-1 Report and our 2023 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability (CRS) Report. See
Available Information
below.
FINTECH AND DIGITAL PARTNERSHIPS
Fintechs are a vital growth engine for Visa and a key driver in realizing our purpose
—
to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid. Fintechs are key enablers of new payment experiences and new flows. Our work with fintechs is one of our greatest