cash, subject to approval by the board of directors. See
Note 9—Stockholders’ Equity
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
Senior notes.
A
principal payment on our senior notes of $4.0 billion is due in December 2025 for which we have sufficient liquidity. See
Note 7—Debt
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
Acquisition
. In December 2024, we acquired Featurespace for a purchase consideration of $946 million. See
Note 2—Acquisitions
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
36
Table of Contents
Litigation.
For the six months ended March 31, 2025, we deposited $375 million into the U.S. litigation escrow account to address claims associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation. The balance of this account as of March 31, 2025 was $2.9 billion and is reflected as restricted cash in our consolidated balance sheets. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
and
Note 13—Legal Matters
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07, which is intended to
improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expense
s. This standard also enhances interim disclosure requirements and provides new segment disclosure requirements for entities with a single reportable segment. This ASU is effective for our annual periods beginning October 1, 2024, and interim periods beginning October 1, 2025, and requires
retrospective application to all prior periods presented.
The adoption of this ASU is expected to result in additional disclosures.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, which provides improvements to income tax disclosures. This standard requires disaggregated information related to the effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. This ASU is effective for our annual periods beginning October 1, 2025, and requires prospective application with the option to apply the standard retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of the ASU on our disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, which requires disclosure of additional information about specific expense categories underlying certain income statement expense line items. Subsequently, the FASB also issued an amendment to this standard. The amendments in the ASU are effective for our annual periods beginning October 1, 2027, and interim periods beginning October 1, 2028, and require either prospective or retrospective application. We are currently evaluating the impact of the ASU on our disclosures.
There have been no significant changes to our market risks since September 30, 2024.
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the