settlement exposure is limited to the amount of unsettled Visa payment transactions at any point in time, which vary significantly day to day. For the six months ended March 31, 2025, the Company’s maximum daily settlement exposure was $
153.4
billion and the average daily settlement exposure was $
88.4
billion. To mitigate the risk of settlement exposure, the Company has various forms of collateral including restricted cash, letters of credit, guarantees, beneficial rights to trust assets and pledged securities. As of March 31, 2025, the Company had total collateral of $
8.3
billion.
Note 9—Stockholders’ Equity
As-converted class A common stock.
The number of shares outstanding, and the number of shares of class A common stock on an as-converted basis were as follows:
(1)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. As-converted class A common stock is calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(2)
The number of shares outstanding was less than one million.
(3)
The class B-1 and class B-2 to class A common stock conversion calculations for dividend payments are based on a conversion rate rounded to the tenth decimal. Conversion rates are presented on a rounded basis.
Reduction in as-converted shares.
The following table presents the reduction in the number of as-converted class B-1 and B-2 common stock after deposits into the U.S. litigation escrow account under the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan:
(1)
Effective price per share for each adjustment is calculated using the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s class A common stock over a pricing period in accordance with the Company’s current certificate of incorporation.
19
Table of Contents
The following table presents the reduction in the number of as-converted series B and C preferred stock after the Company recovered VE territory covered losses through conversion rate adjustments under the Europe retrospective responsibility plan:
(1)
The reduction in equivalent number of class A common stock was less than one million shares.
(2)
Effective price per share for each adjustment is calculated using the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s class A common stock over a pricing period in accordance with the Company’s current certificates of designations for its series B and C preferred stock.
Common stock repurchases.
The following table presents share repurchases in the open market:
(1)
Shares repurchased in the open market are retired and constitute authorized but unissued shares.
(2)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. Average repurchase cost per share and total cost are calculated based on unrounded numbers and include applicable taxes. As of March 31, 2025, shares repurchased in the open market include $
61
million unsettled repurchases.
In October 2023, the Company’s board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of $
25.0
billion, providing multi-year flexibility. As of March 31, 2025, the Company’s share