Release. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
.
Reduction in as-converted shares.
Under the terms of the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan, when the Company funds the U.S. litigation escrow account, the value of the Company’s class B-1 and B-2 common stock is subject to dilution through a downward adjustment to the rate at which shares of class B-1 and B-2 common stock ultimately convert into shares of class A common stock. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans.
The following table presents the reduction in the number of as-converted class B-1 and B-2 common stock after deposits into the U.S. litigation escrow account under the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan:
(1)
Effective price per share for the period represents the weighted-average price calculated using the effective prices per share of the respective adjustments made during the period. Effective price per share for each adjustment is calculated using the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s class A common stock over a pricing period in accordance with the Company’s current certificate of incorporation.
Under the terms of the Europe retrospective responsibility plan, the Company is entitled to recover VE territory covered losses through periodic adjustments to the class A common stock conversion rates applicable to the series B and C preferred stock, and is required to undertake periodic release assessments following the anniversary of the Visa Europe acquisition to determine if value should be released from the series B and C preferred stock. The
86
Table of Contents
recovery and any releases of value have the same economic effect on earnings per share as repurchasing the Company’s class A common stock because it reduces the series B and C preferred stock conversion rates and consequently, reduces the as-converted class A common stock share count. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
.
The following table presents the reduction in the number of as-converted series B and C preferred stock after the Company recovered VE territory covered losses through conversion rate adjustments and completed its Eighth Anniversary Release in fiscal 2024 and sixth anniversary release in fiscal 2022 (collectively, Anniversary Releases):
(1)
The reduction in equivalent number of shares of class A common stock was less than one million shares.
(2)
Effective price per share for the period represents the weighted-average price calculated using the effective price per share of the respective adjustments made during the period. Effective price per share for each adjustment is calculated using the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s class A common stock over a pricing period in accordance with the Company’s current certificates of designations for its series B and C preferred stock.
Common stock repurchases.
The following table presents share repurchases in the open market:
(1)
Shares repurchased in the open