significant to our role as a payments technology company, and to meet and exceed our expectations for performance and transparency. Visa’s purpose is to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid. We believe deeply in our purpose, and we are focused on empowering people and economies, securing commerce and protecting customers, investing in our workforce, protecting the planet and operating responsibly. Our 2023 CRS Report, as well as other CRS-related resources are available on our website at
visa.com/crs
. See
Available Information
below.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We own and manage the Visa brand, which stands for acceptance, security, convenience, speed and reliability. Our portfolio of Visa-owned trademarks is important to our business. Generally, trademark registrations are valid indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or maintained. We give our clients access to these assets through agreements with our issuers and acquirers, which authorize the use of our trademarks in connection with their participation in our payments network. Additionally, we own a number of patents and patent applications related to our business and continue to pursue patents in emerging technologies that may have applications in our business. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology.
COMPETITION
The global payments industry continues to undergo dynamic and rapid change. Existing and emerging competitors compete with Visa’s network and payment solutions for consumers and for participation by financial institutions and merchants. Technology and innovation are shifting consumer habits and driving growth opportunities in ecommerce, mobile payments, blockchain technology and digital currencies. These advances are enabling new entrants, many of which depart from traditional network payment models. In certain countries, the evolving regulatory landscape is creating local networks or enabling additional processing competition.
We compete against all forms of payment. These include paper-based payments, primarily cash and checks, and all forms of electronic payments. Our electronic payment competitors principally include:
Global or Multi-regional Networks:
These networks typically offer a range of branded, general purpose card payment products that consumers can use at millions of merchant locations around the world. Examples include American Express, Diners Club/Discover, JCB, Mastercard and UnionPay. These competitors may be more concentrated in specific geographic regions, such as Discover in the U.S. and JCB in Japan, or have a leading
14
Table
of Contents
position in certain countries, such as UnionPay in China. See
Item 1A—Regulatory Risks—Government-imposed obligations and/or restrictions on international payments systems may prevent us from competing against providers