Singapore. In addition, Visa’s threat intelligence and research teams monitor commercial and government intelligence sources for new and emerging threats. Our cybersecurity awareness team regularly publishes and shares information with Visa employees on emerging threats, such as deepfake and generative AI-powered social engineering schemes.
To address significant cybersecurity incidents and other crisis events, we maintain a business incident response plan, which identifies key stakeholders, defines escalation processes, and sets the thresholds above which our cybersecurity, legal, and crisis management teams will inform management’s Executive and Disclosure Committees as well as when the CEO and his designee will inform the board of directors of an incident. For cybersecurity incidents below these crisis thresholds, we maintain subordinate incident response plans and standard operating procedures used by our security incident response team. Like many companies, we, and some third parties on which we rely periodically experience cybersecurity incidents. However, as of September 30, 2024, we were not aware of any direct or third-party cybersecurity incidents in the past three fiscal years that have materially affected our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
Internal and External Testing
We proactively manage our cybersecurity risk by continually seeking to identify and mitigate potential cybersecurity threats to and vulnerabilities in our information and technology assets, with both internal and external assessments, as appropriate. For example, public-facing technology assets are subject to both internal security
34
Table
of Contents
assessments and external security researcher testing under our vulnerability disclosure and bug bounty programs. Identified threats and vulnerabilities are required to be remediated within stringent timelines, for which compliance and exceptions are tracked in reporting to management and the board of directors.
As further discussed in our risk factors in
Item IA
of this report, our cybersecurity policies and controls may not be implemented or followed appropriately to mitigate all of our risks. We employ three lines of defense designed to address this risk. The first line of defense consists of the technology teams who develop, build, and deploy our products and services. These teams are trained on and accountable for following our Key Controls. The second line of defense includes separate internal security and risk teams that conduct security assessments of our networks and products, overseeing the remediation of any findings. Finally, our independent internal audit function operates as the third line of defense, assessing the effectiveness of our policies and controls and implementation thereof. We are also subject to regular, detailed examinations by financial regulators and external auditors which often contain a significant cybersecurity component.
Third-party Risk Management
We