of its business model.
Financial instruments
. The Company considers the following to be financial instruments: cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, restricted cash equivalents, investment securities, settlement receivable and payable, accounts receivable, customer collateral, non-marketable equity securities and derivative instruments.
See
Note 6—Fair Value Measurements and Investments.
Settlement receivable and payable
. The Company operates systems for authorizing, clearing and settling payment transactions worldwide. Most U.S. dollar settlements with the Company’s financial institution clients are settled within the same day and do not result in a receivable or payable balance. Settlements in currencies other than the U.S. dollar generally remain outstanding for one to two business days, resulting in amounts due from and to clients. These amounts are presented as settlement receivable and settlement payable on the consolidated balance sheets.
Customer collateral
. The Company has cash deposits and other non-cash assets from certain clients in order to ensure that their performance of settlement obligations arising from Visa payment services are processed in accordance with the Company’s operating rules. The cash collateral assets held by the Company are restricted and
65
Table of Contents
fully offset by corresponding liabilities, and both balances are presented on the consolidated balance sheets. Other non-cash assets are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheets.
See
Note 12—Settlement Guarantee Management.
Guarantees and indemnifications
. The Company recognizes an obligation at inception for guarantees and indemnifications that qualify for recognition, regardless of the probability of occurrence. The Company indemnifies its financial institution clients for settlement losses suffered due to the failure of any other client to fund its settlement obligations in accordance with the Visa operating rules. The Company estimates expected credit losses and recognizes an allowance for those credit losses related to its settlement indemnification obligations. The estimated fair value of the liability for settlement indemnification is included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Property, equipment and technology, net
. Property, equipment and technology are recorded at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization, which are computed on a straight-line basis over the asset’s estimated useful life. Depreciation and amortization of technology, furniture, fixtures and equipment are computed over estimated useful lives ranging from
2
to
10
years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or lease term. Building improvements are depreciated between
3
and
40
years, and buildings are depreciated over
40
years. Improvements that increase functionality of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over the asset’s remaining useful life. Land and construction-in-