September 30, 2024 for additional disclosures, including a summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies.
In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year.
Use of estimates.
The preparation of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and will be recognized in the period in which such changes occur. Future actual results could differ materially from these estimates.
Note 2—Acquisitions
In December 2024, Visa acquired Featurespace Limited, a developer of real-time artificial intelligence payments protection technology that prevents and mitigates payments fraud and financial crime risks, for a purchase consideration of $
946
million. The Company allocated $
152
million of the purchase consideration to technology, customer relationships, other net assets acquired and deferred tax liabilities and the remaining $
794
million to goodwill.
11
Table of Contents
Note 3—Revenue
The nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of the Company’s revenue and cash flows and how they are affected by economic factors are most appropriately depicted through the Company’s revenue categories and geographical markets.
The following tables disaggregate the Company’s net revenue by revenue category and by geography:
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, revenue from value-added services was $
2.6
billion and $
2.1
billion, respectively. For the six months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, revenue from value-added services was $
5.0
billion and $
4.2
billion, respectively. Revenue from value-added services is recognized within data processing, other and service revenue.
Remaining performance obligations are comprised of deferred revenue and contract revenue that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods primarily related to value-added services. As of March 31, 2025, the remaining performance obligations were $
4.5
billion. The Company expects approximately half to be recognized as revenue in the next
two years
and the remaining thereafter. However, the amount and timing of revenue recognition is affected by several factors, including contract modifications and terminations, which could impact the estimate of amounts allocated to