of algorithms and the accuracy of training data, and compliance with emerging AI legal standards. In the context of use and deployment, risks include ethical and compliance considerations, and our ability to monitor and safely deploy AI systems throughout the organization with appropriate safeguards. The EU has adopted a comprehensive AI Act that applies harmonized rules across Europe with the aim of fostering innovation and respecting fundamental rights. The EU AI Act comes into force in stages with the key provisions related to high risk AI coming into force in August 2026. There is still limited guidance on the EU AI Act, but it could, depending on how provisions are interpreted and enforced, limit the ability to create and deploy AI systems for uses deemed high-risk in the EU or add increased compliance costs associated with these systems. Our development and implementation of governance frameworks for our AI and machine learning systems may not be successful in mitigating all of these emerging risks.
Further, as we develop integrated and personalized products and services and acquire new companies to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, we may expand our data profile through additional data types and sources, across multiple channels, and involving new partners. This potential expansion could amplify the impact of these various laws and regulations on our business. As a result, we are required to constantly monitor our privacy,
23
Table
of Contents
data and cybersecurity practices and potentially change them when necessary or appropriate. We also may need to provide increased care in our data management, governance and quality practices, particularly as it relates to the use of data in products leveraging AI.
We may be subject to tax examinations or disputes, or changes in tax laws.
The application of tax laws requires significant judgment and can be subject to uncertainty and differing interpretations. We are currently under examination by, or in disputes with, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as well as tax authorities in other jurisdictions, and we may be subject to additional examinations or disputes in the future. We exercise significant judgment and make estimates that we believe to be reasonable in calculating our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. However, relevant tax authorities may disagree with our estimates, interpretations or tax treatment of certain material items. Failure to sustain our position in these matters could adversely affect our cash flows and financial position.
In addition, changes in existing laws in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions, including unilateral actions of foreign jurisdictions to introduce digital services taxes, or changes resulting from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s proposals for modernizing the international tax system, including the introduction of a global minimum tax with widespread implementation by member countries expected by