Derivatives are carried at fair value on a gross basis on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company utilizes foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge against foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations related to certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments not designated for hedge accounting are recorded in general and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company also uses foreign exchange forward contracts, which are designated as cash flow hedges, to reduce its exposure to foreign currency rate changes on forecasted non-functional currency denominated operational cash flows. The terms of these derivative instruments are generally no more than
12
months. The Company uses regression analysis to assess hedge effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively. The effectiveness tests are performed on foreign exchange forward contracts based on changes in the spot rate of the derivative instrument compared to changes in the spot rate of the forecasted hedged transaction. Forward points are excluded from effectiveness testing purposes and are reported in earnings. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). When the forecasted transaction occurs and is recognized in earnings, the amount in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to that hedge is reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations in the corresponding account where revenue or expense is recorded. Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are subject to master netting agreements, which provide the Company with a legal right to net settle multiple payable and receivable positions with the same counterparty, in a single currency through a single payment. However, the Company presents fair values on a gross basis on the consolidated balance sheets.
The Company designated its Euro notes, a non-derivative financial instrument, as net investment hedges against a portion of the Company’s Euro-denominated net investment in Visa Europe. The Company also holds interest rate and cross-currency swap agreements on a portion of the outstanding senior notes that allows the Company to manage its interest rate exposure through a combination of fixed and floating rates and reduce the overall cost of borrowing. The Company designated the interest rate swaps as fair value hedges and the cross-currency swaps as net investment hedges. Gains and losses related to hedging instruments for fair value hedges are recognized in interest expense along with a corresponding loss or gain related to the change in the fair value of the underlying hedged item in the same line item on the consolidated statements of operations. Gains and losses related to derivative and non-derivative hedging instruments for net