global minimum tax (Pillar Two). Various OECD member countries have either enacted or are in the process of enacting Pillar Two legislation. While we do not expect a material tax impact in fiscal 2025, we are monitoring developments and evaluating the potential impact of Pillar Two on future years.
35
Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Cash Flow Data
The following table summarizes our cash flow activity for the periods presented:
Operating activities.
Cash provided by operating activities increased over the six-month prior-year comparable period primarily due to growth in our underlying business and the timing of payments related to income taxes.
Investing activities.
Cash provided by investing activities increased over the six-month prior-year comparable period primarily due to the absence of investment security purchases.
Financing activities.
Cash used in financing activities increased over the six-month prior-year comparable period primarily due to higher share repurchases, lower funds held on behalf of clients and higher dividends paid.
Sources of Liquidity
Our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash flow from our operations, our investment portfolio and access to various equity and borrowing arrangements. Funds from operations are maintained in cash and cash equivalents and short-term or long-term investment securities based upon our funding requirements, access to liquidity from these holdings and the returns that these holdings provide. Based on our current cash flow budgets and forecasts of our short-term and long-term liquidity needs, we believe that our current and projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions and other relevant circumstances.
Uses of Liquidity
There has been no significant change to our primary uses of liquidity since September 30, 2024, except as discussed below.
Common stock repurchases.
For the six months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased
shares
of our class A common stock in the open market for $8.4 billion. As of March 31, 2025, our share repurchase program had remaining authorized funds of $4.7 billion. In April 2025, our board of directors authorized a new $30.0 billion share repurchase program, providing multi-year flexibility. See
Note 9—Stockholders’ Equity
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
Dividends
. For the six months ended March 31, 2025, we declared and paid $2.3 billion in dividends to holders of our common and preferred stock. On April 29, 2025, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.59 per share of class A common stock (determined in the case of all other outstanding common and preferred stock on an as-converted basis). We expect to continue paying quarterly dividends in