Equity
to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report.
Non-GAAP financial results.
We use non-GAAP financial measures of our performance which exclude certain items which we believe are not representative of our continuing operations, as they may be non-recurring or have no cash impact, and may distort our longer-term operating trends. We consider non-GAAP measures useful to investors because they provide greater transparency into management’s view and assessment of our ongoing operating performance.
•
Gains and losses on equity investments.
Gains and losses on equity investments include periodic non-cash fair value adjustments and gains and losses upon sale of an investment.
These long-term investments are strategic in nature and are primarily private company investments. Gains and losses associated with these investments are tied to the performance of the companies that we invest in and therefore do not correlate to the underlying performance of our business.
•
Amortization of acquired intangible assets.
Amortization of acquired intangible assets consists of amortization of intangible assets such as technology, customer relationships and trade names acquired in connection with business combinations executed beginning in fiscal 2019. Amortization charges for our acquired intangible assets are non-cash and are significantly affected by the timing, frequency and size of our acquisitions, rather than our core operations. As such, we have excluded this amount to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and comparison to our past operating performance.
•
Acquisition-related costs.
Acquisition-related costs consist primarily of one-time transaction and integration costs associated with our business combinations. These costs include professional fees, technology integration fees, restructuring activities and other direct costs related to the purchase and integration of acquired entities. These costs also include retention equity and deferred compensation when they are agreed upon as part of the purchase price of the transaction but are required to be recognized as expense
(1)
These figures are estimated and approximated. These estimates do not include claims in certain purported indirect purchaser class actions or any claims of merchants serviced by opt-outs that are payment processors and facilitators. The interchange at issue for unresolved claims will continue to increase. See U.S. Covered Litigation in
Note 20—Legal Matters
to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this report for more information on the Interchange Multidistrict Litigation (MDL) - Individual Merchant Actions.
39
Table
of Contents
post-combination. We have excluded these amounts as the expenses are recognized for a limited duration and do not reflect the underlying performance of our business.
•
Litigation provision.
Litigation provision includes significant accruals related to certain legal matters that are not