generally refers to the period before the Closing. On June 8, 2023, the UK Competition Appeal Tribunal initially denied class certification in the
two
class action claims. However, a class certification re-hearing took place in April 2024. In June 2024, the CAT granted class certification in the claims regarding interchange fees on commercial cards. In October 2024, the Court of Appeal refused permission to appeal the certification.
The full scope of potential damages is not yet known because not all Merchant claims have been served and Visa has substantial defenses. However, the claims that have been issued, served and/or preserved, seek several billion dollars in damages.
Other Litigation
On November 14, 2021, a motion to certify a class action was filed against Visa and Mastercard in the Israel Central District Court. The motion asserts that interchange fees on cross-border transactions in Israel and the Honor All Cards rule are anti-competitive and seeks damages and injunctive relief. Visa filed its response on July 22, 2024.
Other Litigation
U.S. Department of Justice
On March 13, 2012, the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice (Division) issued a Civil Investigative Demand (CID), to Visa Inc. seeking documents and information regarding a potential violation of Section 1 or 2 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1, 2. The CID focused on PIN-authenticated Visa Debit and Visa’s competitive responses to the Dodd-Frank Act, including Visa’s fixed acquirer network fee. Visa has cooperated with the Division in connection with the CID.
On March 26, 2021, June 11, 2021, January 4, 2023 and May 2, 2023, the Division issued CIDs to Visa, seeking documents and information regarding a potential violation of Section 1 or 2 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1, 2. The CIDs focused on U.S. debit and competition with other payment methods and networks.
On September 24, 2024, the U.S. Department of Justice filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Visa alleging violations of the Sherman Act. The complaint alleges Visa has monopolized and attempted to monopolize general purpose debit network services and card-not-present debit
101
Table of Contents
network services in the United States through agreements with merchants, acquirers, and others and that certain agreements unreasonably restrain competition or trade in those markets. The complaint seeks, among other relief, to enjoin Visa from engaging in the alleged anticompetitive practices.
U.S. Debit Class Actions
Beginning on October 1, 2024,
five
putative class actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Visa Inc., alleging that Visa has monopolized and attempted to monopolize general purpose debit network services and card-not-present debit network services in the United States through agreements with merchants, acquirers, and others and that certain agreements unreasonably restrain competition or trade