(Intuit) for partial summary judgment, regarding claims in the actions brought by Intuit and Block, Inc. (Block) in their capacity as payment facilitators. On August 2, 2024, defendants filed a pre-motion letter setting forth bases for a proposed motion for injunction compelling dismissal of claims by Intuit and Block.
In July 2024, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation remanded
three
actions to the courts in which they were originally filed. The action led by Grubhub Holdings Inc. was remanded to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The actions led by Target Corporation and by 7-Eleven, Inc. were both remanded to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, and the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York subsequently set a trial date for a subset of the plaintiffs in those actions.
On August 21, 2024, defendants in those actions filed a motion for a revised summary judgment ruling based on
Illinois Brick
.
The Company believes it has substantial defenses to the claims asserted in the putative class actions and individual merchant actions, but the final outcome of individual legal claims is inherently unpredictable. The Company could incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise its expectations regarding the outcome of merchants’ claims, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial results in the period in which the effect becomes probable and reasonably estimable. While the U.S. retrospective responsibility plan is designed to address monetary liability in these matters, see
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
, judgments or settlements that require the Company to change its business practices, rules, or contractual commitments could adversely affect the Company’s financial results.
Consumer Interchange Litigation
In 2022, a putative class action was filed in California state court against Visa, Mastercard and certain financial institutions on behalf of all Visa and Mastercard cardholders in California who made a purchase using a Visa-branded or Mastercard-branded payment card in California from January 1, 2004. Plaintiffs primarily allege a conspiracy to fix interchange fees and seek injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees and damages as direct and indirect purchasers based on alleged violations of California law. After plaintiffs filed an amended complaint asserting the same claims as asserted in the prior complaint, Visa removed the action to federal court, and the case was transferred to MDL 1720.
On July 31, 2024, the magistrate judge recommended that a motion by defendants to compel arbitration and stay litigation be denied and a motion by defendants to dismiss plaintiffs’ California law claims be granted. On August 19, 2024, plaintiffs filed an objection to the magistrate judge’s recommendation.
VE Territory Covered Litigation
Europe Merchant Litigation
Since July 2013, proceedings have been commenced by