appointing a special master to resolve matters arising out of or relating to the Amended Settlement Agreement’s plan of administration.
Indirect Purchaser Claims.
Three
complaints have been filed against Visa and other defendants asserting violations of certain state antitrust laws and seeking recovery as indirect purchasers. A complaint was filed by Old Jericho Enterprise, Inc. on May 29, 2020, against Visa and Mastercard on behalf of a purported class of gasoline retailers operating in
24
states and the District of Columbia.
Two
separate complaints were subsequently filed in 2021 against Visa and Mastercard on behalf of a purported class of merchants located in
25
states and the District of Columbia who have taken payment using the Square card acceptance service — one by Hayley Lanning and others on April 28 and one by Camp Grounds Coffee and others on June 16. Plaintiffs in all
three
actions subsequently served motions for partial summary judgment. Thereafter, in May and September 2024, the district court denied motions for partial summary judgment filed by the Lanning and Camp Grounds plaintiffs and the Old Jericho plaintiffs, which all
three
plaintiff groups have now appealed.
To the extent these plaintiffs’ claims are not released by the Am
ended Settlement Agreement, Visa believes they are covered by the U.S. Retrospective Responsibility Plan.
Injunctive Relief Class.
Following remand from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and the appointment of Injunctive Relief Class counsel, on September 27, 2021, the district court certified without opt out rights an Injunctive Relief Class consisting of all merchants that accept Visa or Mastercard credit or debit cards in the United States at any time between December 18, 2020 and entry of final judgment.
From January through April, 2024, the district court issued rulings on various summary judgment motions. The district court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion for summary judgment under
Ohio v. American Express,
denied defendants' motions for summary judgment based on the post-IPO conspiracy claims, and granted defendants’ motion for summary judgment on Injunctive Relief Class plaintiffs’ monopolization claims. The district court denied the Injunctive Relief Class plaintiffs’ motion for partial summary judgment.
On March 25, 2024, Visa and Mastercard entered into an agreement to resolve the Injunctive Relief Class claims (Injunctive Relief Settlement Agreement), subject to court approval. The Injunctive Relief Settlement Agreement included, among other terms, (i) a release from class members for claims for declaratory, injunctive or equitable relief arising out of conduct alleged by the Injunctive Relief Class in the litigation that have accrued or may accrue in the future during the term of the Injunctive Relief Settlement Agreement; (ii) provisions requiring reductions and caps on U.S. credit interchange rates; and (iii) provisions requiring modifications to the