prevents and mitigates payments fraud and financial crime risks, for a purchase consideration of $946 million. See
Note 2—Acquisitions
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
Interchange multidistrict litigation
. For the six months ended March 31, 2025, we recorded additional accruals of $1.0 billion to address claims associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation. We also made deposits of $375 million into the U. S. litigation escrow account. The additional accruals related to the interchange multidistrict litigation could be higher or lower than deposits made into the U.S. litigation escrow account. See
Note 5—U.S. and Europe Retrospective Responsibility Plans
and
Note 13—Legal Matters
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
28
Table of Contents
Common stock repurchases.
For the six months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased 26 million shares of our class A common stock in the open market for $8.4 billion. As of March 31, 2025, our share repurchase program had remaining authorized funds of $4.7 billion. In April 2025, our board of directors authorized a new $30.0 billion share repurchase program, providing multi-year flexibility. See
Note 9—Stockholders’ Equity
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.
Non-GAAP financial results.
We use non-GAAP financial measures of our performance which exclude certain items which we believe are not representative of our continuing operations, as they may be non-recurring or have no cash impact, and may distort our longer-term operating trends. We consider non-GAAP measures useful to investors because they provide greater transparency into management’s view and assessment of our ongoing operating performance.
•
Gains and losses on equity investments.
Gains and losses on equity investments include periodic non-cash fair value adjustments and gains and losses upon sale of an investment.
These long-term investments are strategic in nature and are primarily private company investments. Gains and losses associated with these investments are tied to the performance of the
companies that we invest in
and therefore do not correlate to the underlying performance of our business.
•
Amortization of acquired intangible assets.
Amortization of acquired intangible assets consists of amortization of intangible assets such as technology and customer relationships acquired in connection with business combinations executed beginning in fiscal 2019. Amortization charges for our acquired intangible assets are non-cash and are significantly affected by the timing, frequency and size of our acquisitions, rather than our core operations. As such, we have excluded this amount to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and comparison to our past operating performance.
•
Acquisition-related costs.
Acquisition-related costs consist primarily of one-time transaction and integration costs associated with our business combinations. These costs include professional fees,