consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction of the Company, in which case the class B and C common stockholders will vote together as a single class, and (iii) the approval of certain amendments to the Company’s certificate of incorporation, in which case class A, B and C common stockholders will vote as a separate class, including if such amendments affect the terms of class B or C common stock. In these cases, the class B and C common stockholders are entitled to cast a number of votes equal to the number of shares of class B or C common stock held multiplied by the applicable conversion rate in effect on the record date. Holders of the Company’s common stock have no right to vote on any amendment to the current certificate of incorporation that relates solely to any series of preferred stock.
Note 16—Earnings Per Share
The following tables present earnings per share:
89
Table of Contents
(1)
Income allocation is based on the weighted-average number of as-converted class A common stock outstanding as shown in the table below.
(2)
Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated based on unrounded numbers.
(3)
Diluted class A common stock earnings per share calculation includes the assumed conversion of class B-1, B-2 and C common stock and participating securities on an as-converted basis as shown in the table below and the incremental common stock equivalents related to employee stock plans, as calculated under the treasury stock method. The common stock equivalents were not material for each of fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(4)
No shares of class B-2 common stock were outstanding prior to the class B-1 common stock exchange offer. See
Note 15—Stockholders’ Equity
for further details.
The following table presents the weighted-average number of as-converted class A common stock outstanding:
(1)
No shares of class B-2 common stock were outstanding prior to the class B-1 common stock exchange offer.
See
Note 15—Stockholders’ Equity
for further details.
Note 17—Share-based Compensation
Equity Incentive Compensation Plan
The Company’s
amended and restated 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (EIP)
authorizes the compensation committee of the board of directors to grant various types of equity awards, including non-qualified stock options (options), RSUs and performance-based shares to its employees and non-employee directors, for up to
198
million shares of class A common stock. Shares available for grant may be either authorized and unissued or previously issued shares subsequently acquired by the Company. Under the EIP, shares withheld for taxes, or shares used to pay the exercise or purchase price of an award, shall not again be available for future grant. The EIP will continue to be in effect until all of the common stock available under the EIP is delivered and all restrictions on those shares have lapsed, unless the EIP is terminated earlier by the Company’s