proprietary analytics models, data scientists and economists, marketing services and managed services to deliver insights for issuers, acquirers, merchants, fintechs and other partners that help them make better business decisions and scale their operations.
Operating as the payments consulting arm of Visa, Visa Consulting and Analytics (VCA) utilizes our payments expertise and economic intelligence to identify actionable insights, make recommendations and help implement solutions. VCA is comprised of specialized advisory practices such as: strategy and commercial money movement, portfolio optimization, digital, AI, risk and implementation support, which drive measurable outcomes for our clients. VCA Managed Services embeds teams within client organizations to help execute key initiatives.
Visa Marketing Services provides clients with unique activation opportunities with Visa’s sponsorships and utilizes our data analytics and understanding of customers’ transactional behavior to provide marketing solutions designed to deliver effective results, drive brand preference and influence consumer behavior.
11
Table
of Contents
We are fortifying the key foundations of our business model, which consist of becoming a network of networks, our technology platforms, security, brand and talent.
Network of Networks
Our network of networks strategy means moving money to all endpoints and to all form factors, using all available networks and being a single connection point for our partners and providing our value-added services on all transactions, no matter the network. The key component of our network of networks strategy is interoperability. We are opening up our network and increasingly using other networks to reach accounts we could not otherwise reach and enabling new types of money movement. Visa B2B Connect, Visa Direct and Visa+ are examples of our strategy. Visa has invested more than $3 billion in AI and data infrastructure over the last 10 years.
Technology Platforms
Visa’s leading technology platforms comprise software, hardware, data centers and a large telecommunications infrastructure. Visa’s four data centers are a critical part of our global processing environment and have a high redundancy of network connectivity, power and cooling designed to provide continuous availability of systems. Together, these systems deliver the secure, convenient and reliable service that our clients and consumers expect from the Visa brand.
Security
Our in-depth, multi-layer security approach includes a formal program to devalue sensitive and/or personal data through various cryptographic means; embedded security in the software development lifecycle; identity and access management controls to protect against unauthorized access; and advanced cyber detection and response capabilities. We use information security tools that help keep our clients and consumers safe and invest significantly in our comprehensive approach to cybersecurity. We deploy information security