also apply this same overall framework to our oversight and management of cybersecurity risk from service providers, vendors, suppliers, and other third parties. Our policies require due diligence on our service providers, vendors and suppliers prior to engagement and impose audit rights in our contracts in order to identify cybersecurity risks associated with third-party relationships, proportionate to the inherent risk associated with the products and services provided and the criticality and sensitivity of our information and technology assets to which the third party may have access. As noted in our risk factors in
Item IA
of this report, our third-party risk management framework may not be implemented effectively or may not be successful or sufficient to mitigate all of our risks. When we become aware that a service provider, vendor, supplier, or other third party has experienced any compromise or failure in the cybersecurity infrastructure owned or controlled by such third party, we may attempt to mitigate our risk, including by terminating such third party’s connection to our information and technology assets where appropriate.
Management’s Role and Responsibilities
Our CISO is responsible for day-to-day management and oversight of our information security program and leads our cybersecurity organization, which comprises approximately 1,000 professionals globally as of September 30, 2024. Our CISO and President of Technology receive regular reports from our cybersecurity personnel in connection with monitoring the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. Our CISO reports directly to our President of Technology and provides quarterly reports on our cybersecurity performance to the CRC.
Our current CISO has over 30 years of industry experience leading enterprise cybersecurity teams and enabling secure and scalable ecommerce and payment platforms at multiple Fortune 500 companies. Since joining Visa in November 2015, he has been a core part of building Visa's Zero Trust Architecture and advancing VisaNet's cybersecurity defense capabilities. Our current President of Technology joined Visa in November 2013 and has over 30 years of experience in leading the development and deployment of commerce and transaction technologies, which includes overseeing cybersecurity risk and transformational technology initiatives. At Visa, our President of Technology is responsible for the Company’s technology innovation and investment strategy, product engineering, cybersecurity, global IT, and operations infrastructure, and for accelerating the integration of engineering and product teams.
Board Governance
Visa’s board of directors exercises oversight and control of Visa’s overall enterprise risk management framework and delegates oversight and control of Visa’s cybersecurity program to our audit and risk committee (ARC), which is responsible for ensuring that management has risk-based processes in place designed to