included in our Business segment were approximately $3.6 billion and $3.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(2)
As of end of period
Where applicable, the operating results reflect certain adjustments, including those related to the 3G network shutdowns, migration activity among different types of devices and plans, customer profile changes, and adjustments in connection with mergers, acquisitions and divestitures.
Business's total operating revenues decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 as a result of decreases in Enterprise and Public Sector and Wholesale revenues, partially offset by an increase in Business Markets and Other revenue.
Enterprise and Public Sector
Enterprise and Public Sector offers wireless products and services as well as wireline connectivity such as broadband and managed services to our large business and public sector customers. Large businesses are identified based on their size and volume of business with Verizon. Public sector customers include U.S. federal, state and local governments and educational institutions. Our offerings to this customer group include plans with features and pricing designed to address their specific needs.
Enterprise and Public Sector revenues decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to a decrease of $702 million in wireline revenue primarily driven by declines in networking, traditional data and voice communication services along with related professional services. These declines were due to secular market pressure and technology shifts, coupled with lower customer premise equipment sales volumes.
Business Markets and Other
Business Markets and Other offers wireless services (including FWA broadband), wireless equipment, advanced communication services, tailored voice and networking products, Fios services, advanced voice solutions and security services to businesses
34
Table of
Contents
that ordinarily do not meet the requirements to be categorized as Enterprise and Public Sector, as described above. Business Markets and Other also includes solutions that support mobile resource management.
Business Markets and Other revenue increased during 2024 compared to 2023 primarily as a result of:
•
an increase of $486 million in Wireless service revenue primarily due to pricing actions and an increase in our FWA subscriber base; and
•
a decrease of $89 million in connection with the shutdown of our BlueJeans business offering in 2023 and a decline in traditional voice communication revenues.
Wholesale
Wholesale offers wireline communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers.
Wholesale revenues decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to a decrease of $117 million related to declines in traditional voice communication and network connectivity as a result of technology substitution, as