smart watches.
In addition to wireless services and equipment for retail customers, the Consumer segment sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis.
The Consumer segment's operating revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 totaled $25.6 billion, representing an increase of 2.2% compared to the similar period in 2024. See "Segment Results of Operations" for additional information regarding our Consumer segment’s operating performance and selected operating statistics.
Verizon Business Group
Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including FWA broadband, data, video and advanced communication services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products. We provide these products and services to businesses, public sector customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and a subset of these products and services to customers around the world.
The Business segment's operating revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 totaled $7.3 billion, representing a decrease of 1.2% compared to the similar period in 2024. See "Segment Results of Operations" for additional information regarding our Business segment’s operating performance and selected operating statistics.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and other primarily includes device insurance programs, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated or used in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results and therefore are included in the chief operating decision maker’s (CODM) assessment of segment performance. See "Consolidated Results of Operations" for additional information regarding Corporate and other results.
31
Table of Contents
Capital Expenditures and Investments
We continue to invest in our wireless networks, high-speed fiber and other advanced technologies to position ourselves at the center of growth trends for the future. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, these investments included $4.1 billion for capital expenditures. See "Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities" for additional information. Capital expenditures for
2025
are expected to be in the range of