resources. We paid $2.9 billion and $2.8 billion in cash dividends during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Covenants
Our credit agreements contain covenants that are typical for large, investment grade companies. These covenants include requirements to pay interest and principal in a timely fashion, pay taxes, maintain insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies, preserve our corporate existence, keep appropriate books and records of financial transactions, maintain our properties, provide financial and other reports to our lenders, limit pledging and disposition of assets and mergers and consolidations, and other similar covenants.
We and our consolidated subsidiaries are in compliance with all of our restrictive covenants in our debt agreements.
Change In Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
Our Cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2025 totaled $2.3 billion, a $1.9 billion decrease compared to December 31, 2024, primarily as a result of the factors discussed above.
Restricted cash totaled $465 million and $441 million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, primarily related to cash collections on certain receivables and on the underlying receivables related to the participation interest that are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts.
Free Cash Flow
Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that reflects an additional way of viewing our liquidity that, we believe, when viewed with our GAAP results, provides management, investors and other users of our financial information with a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows. Free cash flow is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures (including capitalized software) from net cash provided by operating activities. We believe it is a more conservative
45
Table of Contents
measure of cash flow since capital expenditures are necessary for ongoing operations. Free cash flow has limitations due to the fact that it does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, free cash flow does not incorporate payments made on finance lease obligations or cash payments for business acquisitions or wireless licenses. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a complement to our entire condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
The following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
The increase in free cash flow during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 is a reflection of the increase in operating cash flows, as well as the decrease in capital expenditures, both of which are discussed above.
Other Future Obligations
As of March 31, 2025, Verizon had 28 renewable energy purchase agreements with third parties for a total of approximately 3.7 gigawatts of anticipated renewable energy capacity across multiple states. See