technologies.
We expect that our ability to generate cash flows will benefit from our expected service revenue growth, despite the moderate expected increase in our 2025 capital program compared to 2024. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for additional information on our capital program.
In the course of business, we make promotional equipment offers to attract and retain customers. In 2024, the growth of our wireless service revenue was unfavorably impacted by the amortization of wireless equipment sales and promotions. We expect these pressures to continue and increase in 2025. In addition, in 2023 and 2024, we had fewer phone upgrades compared to prior years. To the extent upgrade volumes increase in 2025, the expenses associated with those device sales are expected to contribute to higher costs.
We use the net cash generated from our operations to invest in new businesses and spectrum, fund expansion and modernization of our networks, pay dividends, service and repay external financing and, when appropriate, buy back shares of our outstanding common stock. Our sources of funds, primarily from operations and, to the extent necessary, from external financing arrangements, are sufficient to meet ongoing operating and investing requirements over the next 12 months and beyond.
Our cash and cash equivalents balance is $4.2 billion as of December 31, 2024. Our cash and cash equivalents are held both domestically and internationally, and are invested to maintain principal and provide liquidity. See "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" for additional information regarding our foreign currency risk management strategies.
We expect that our capital spending requirements will continue to be financed primarily through internally generated funds. Debt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities, including, for example, to complete our acquisition of Frontier, or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility. Our external financing arrangements include credit facilities and other bank lines of credit, an active commercial paper program, vendor financing arrangements, issuances of registered debt or equity securities, U.S. retail medium-term notes and other securities that are privately-placed or offered overseas. In addition, we monetize certain receivables through asset-backed debt transactions.
Capital Expenditures
Our 2025 capital program includes capital to fund advanced networks and services, including expanding and adding capacity and density to our core networks, the ongoing deployment of C-Band spectrum, and advancing our network architecture. It will also support our broadband expansion plans including the launch of our fixed wireless access solution for multi-dwelling units. We anticipate cash requirements for our 2025 capital program to be between $17.5 billion and $18.5 billion.
Contractual Obligations and Commitments
We have various