media (broadcast/cable) and wireless emergency alerting services. In addition, federal and state agencies have mandated and may impose additional regulations to ensure continuity of service during disasters. For example, the FCC adopted rules requiring wireless providers to support roaming on each other’s networks during disasters, and the California Public Utilities Commission has imposed regulations relating to back-up power for communications facilities. In response to prior cyberattacks and increasing risks from cybersecurity threats, the FCC and other regulators are attempting to increase regulation of the cybersecurity practices of providers. The FCC is also addressing the use by American companies of equipment produced by certain companies deemed to cause potential national security risks. Verizon does not currently use equipment in its networks from vendors under such restrictions.
Intercarrier Compensation and Network Access
The FCC regulates some of the rates that carriers pay each other for the exchange of voice traffic (particularly traditional wireline traffic) over different networks and other aspects of interconnection for some voice services. The FCC also regulates some of the rates and terms and conditions for certain wireline "business data services" and other services and network facilities. Verizon is both a seller and a buyer of these services, and both makes and receives interconnection payments.
10
Table of Contents
With approximately 99,600 employees on a full-time equivalent basis as of December 31, 2024, 88% of whom are based in the U.S., we know that our people are one of our most valuable investments. In order to realize our core business strategy, we have developed human capital programs and practices that support, develop and care for our employees throughout their careers with Verizon. Our strategy to build a workforce with talent, skills and motivation to give the company a competitive edge now and into the future rests on three pillars:
•
Attract and maintain a diverse workforce with the necessary skills and talent to execute on our business priorities.
•
Develop our employees' potential by offering educational opportunities that keep pace with changes occurring across our industry.
•
Inspire individuals to build a career at Verizon by providing meaningful work and opportunities for career advancement in a collaborative and inclusive environment.
Verizon strives to be an employer of choice by offering our employees competitive compensation and benefits packages. We seek to recruit and retain employees with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives to best meet the needs of the diverse customers and communities we serve. We provide extensive on-the-job training opportunities, tuition reimbursement programs and career development support to enable our employees to maximize their potential and thrive professionally. As of December 31, 2024, Verizon's global workforce was approximately 68.6% male, 31.1% female