AI will meaningfully enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency or profitability. Our investments in AI and related technologies may not result in the benefits we anticipate or enable us to obtain or maintain a competitive advantage.
Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations and financial condition.
Unfavorable economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the U.S. or elsewhere, or inflation in the markets in which we operate, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services and our cost of doing business. In difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products, electing to use fewer higher margin services, dropping down in price plans or obtaining lower-cost products and services offered by other companies. Similarly, under these conditions, business customers may delay purchasing decisions, or full implementation of our service offerings, reduce their use of our services or choose lower-cost offerings from our competitors. In addition, adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased number of our consumer and business customers that are unable to pay for services. Unfavorable economic conditions could also amplify other risks discussed in this report, including, but not limited to, those related to our competitive position and margins. Furthermore, our initiatives designed to reduce costs and improve operating efficiencies may be ineffective or insufficient.
Over the last several years, as a result of the inflationary environment in the U.S., we experienced increases in our direct costs, including electricity and other energy-related costs for our network operations, and transportation and labor costs, as well as increased interest expense related to changing interest rates. In 2022, these factors, along with impacts of the intense competition in our industries, resulted in lower earnings per share and caused us to lower our growth expectations and related financial guidance for that year. Similarly, unfavorable economic conditions in the future could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
Cyberattacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business.
Cyberattacks, including through the use of ransomware and other forms of malware, distributed denial of services attacks, credential harvesting, social engineering and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to or disrupting the operation of our networks and systems and those of our suppliers, vendors and other service providers, could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyberattacks against companies, including Verizon, have increased in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. Cyberattacks may be perpetrated by a variety of groups or persons, including nation-