US, Inc., and the termination of certain post-closing arrangements with respect to that sale.
Business Acquisitions and Divestitures
TracFone Wireless, Inc.
On November 23, 2021 (the Acquisition Date), we completed the acquisition of TracFone Wireless, Inc. (TracFone). Verizon acquired all of TracFone's outstanding stock in exchange for approximately $
3.5
billion in cash, net of cash acquired and working capital and other adjustments,
57,596,544
shares of common stock of the Company valued at approximately $
3.0
billion, and up to an additional $
650
million in future cash contingent consideration related to the achievement of certain performance measures and other commercial arrangements. The fair value of the common stock was determined on the basis of its closing market price on the Acquisition Date. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration as of the Acquisition Date was approximately $
560
million and represented a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. See Note 9 for additional information. The contingent consideration payable was based on the achievement of certain revenue and operational targets, measured over a
two-year
earn out period. Contingent consideration payments were completed in January of 2024.
During 2024, 2023 and 2022, Verizon made payments of $
52
million, $
257
million and $
188
million, respectively, related to the contingent consideration, which are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
During 2022, Verizon received net cash proceeds of $
248
million for the final settlement of working capital, which was included in our consideration as of the Acquisition Date.
Frontier Communications Parent, Inc.
On September 4, 2024, Verizon entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) to acquire Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. (Frontier), a U.S. provider of broadband internet and other communication services. The transaction is structured as a merger of the Company's subsidiary with and into Frontier, as a result of which Frontier will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and shares of Frontier common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of merger (subject to certain limited exceptions) will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a per share merger consideration of $
38.50
, in cash. In November 2024, Frontier shareholders approved the transaction. Consummation of the transaction is subject to the receipt of certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Under certain circumstances, if the Merger Agreement is terminated, Frontier may be required to pay Verizon a termination fee of $
320
million. Under certain other specified circumstances, Verizon may be required to pay Frontier a termination fee of $
590
million.
Wireless Licenses
The carrying amounts of Wireless licenses are as follows:
70
Table of
Contents
During 2024