on Verizon’s cybersecurity program.
Verizon also operates a robust internal audit program. Each year, Verizon’s internal audit team conducts an overall business risk assessment, which includes an evaluation of cybersecurity risks. The results of the assessment are presented to the leaders of the relevant business teams, who are responsible for prioritizing and addressing the risks identified.
Board Oversight of Cybersecurity Risk
The
Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors (Board) has primary responsibility for overseeing Verizon’s risk management and compliance programs relating to cybersecurity and data protection and privacy.
As part of the
Board’s oversight
of risks from cybersecurity threats, the CISO leads an annual review and discussion with the full Board dedicated to Verizon’s cybersecurity risks, threats and protections. The CISO provides a mid-year update to this annual review to the Audit Committee and, as warranted, additional updates throughout the year. The Audit Committee also receives a report from senior management on Verizon’s cybersecurity posture and related matters at each of its other meetings during the year at which the CISO is not present.
Third Party Risk Management
We have implemented processes to identify and manage risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party service providers.
The Verizon Third Party Risk Management Program establishes governance, processes and tools for managing various supplier-related risks, including information security. As a condition of working with Verizon, suppliers who access sensitive business or customer information are expected to meet certain information security requirements.
Risks from Cybersecurity Threats
We are subject to increasing and evolving cybersecurity threats as cyberattacks against companies, including Verizon, have increased in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. While none of the cyberattacks to which we have been subject to date have been material to Verizon's operations or financial condition, there can be no guarantee that we will not experience a material cyberattack in the future.
For more information on the risks from cybersecurity threats that we face, refer to “Risk Factors — Operational Risks — Cyberattacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
20
Table of Contents
Our principal properties do not lend themselves to simple description by character and location. Our total gross investment in property, plant and equipment was approximately $331 billion at December 31, 2024 and $320 billion at December 31, 2023, including the effect of retirements, but before deducting accumulated depreciation. Our gross investment in property, plant and equipment consisted of the following:
Network equipment consists primarily of cable (aerial, buried, underground or undersea) and the related support structures of conduit, poles and towers,