want and need in the digital world. We are consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure our leadership in both fifth-generation (5G) and fourth-generation (4G) wireless networks. Our network quality is the hallmark of our brand and the foundation for the connectivity, platforms and solutions upon which we build our competitive advantage. In
2025
, we are focused on enhancing our networks, offering innovative services and products, growing and maintaining a high-quality customer base and delivering strong financial and operating results.
Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, put the spectrum into service, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in the fiber that supports our businesses, evolve and maintain our networks and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. We believe that our C-Band spectrum, together with our industry leading millimeter wave spectrum holdings and our 4G Long-Term Evolution (LTE) network and fiber infrastructure, will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth.
Highlights of Our Financial Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
(dollars in millions)
Business Overview
We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Verizon Consumer Group (Consumer) and Verizon Business Group (Business).
30
Table of Contents
Revenue by Segment for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
———
Note: Excludes eliminations.
Verizon Consumer Group
Our Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the United States (U.S.) under the Verizon family of brands and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our 5G or 4G LTE networks as an alternative to traditional landline internet access. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios.
Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Our postpaid service is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. Our prepaid service is offered only to Consumer customers and enables individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. The Consumer segment also offers several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as