control over financial reporting and make changes to our systems and processes that are intended to ensure an effective internal control environment. In the third quarter of 2020, we began a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which will replace many of our existing core financial systems. The new ERP system is designed to enhance the flow of financial information, facilitate data analysis and accelerate information reporting. The implementation is ongoing and is expected to continue over the next few years.
As the phased implementation of the new ERP system continues, we could have changes to our processes and procedures which, in turn, could result in changes to our internal controls over financial reporting. As such changes occur, we will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the first quarter 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
In the ordinary course of business, Verizon is involved in various litigation and regulatory proceedings at the state and federal level. As of the date of this report, we do not believe that any pending legal proceedings to which we or our subsidiaries are subject are required to be disclosed as material legal proceedings pursuant to this item. Verizon is not subject to any administrative or judicial proceeding arising under any federal, state or local provisions that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment that is likely to result in monetary sanctions of $1 million or more.
See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding legal proceedings.
There have been no material changes to our risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
In February 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share buyback program to repurchase up to 100 million shares of the Company's common stock. The program will terminate when the aggregate number of shares purchased reaches 100 million or a new share repurchase plan superseding the current plan is authorized, whichever is sooner. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated transactions, on the open market, or otherwise, including through plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The timing and number of shares purchased under the program, if any, will depend on market conditions and our capital allocation priorities.
Verizon did not repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2025. At March 31, 2025, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased