internet devices, wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail postpaid connections are calculated by adding retail postpaid new connections in the period to prior period retail postpaid connections, and subtracting retail postpaid disconnects in the period.
Wireless retail prepaid connections
are retail prepaid customer device connections as of the end of the period. Retail prepaid connections may include those from phones, prepaid FWA, as well as tablets and other internet devices, and wearables. Wireless retail prepaid connections are calculated by adding retail prepaid new connections in the period to prior period retail prepaid connections, and subtracting retail prepaid disconnects in the period.
Fios internet connections
are the total number of connections to the internet using Fios internet services as of the end of the period. Fios internet connections are calculated by adding Fios internet new connections in the period to prior period Fios internet connections, and subtracting Fios internet disconnects in the period.
Fios video connections
are the total number of connections to traditional linear video programming using Fios video services as of the end of the period. Fios video connections are calculated by adding Fios video net additions in the period to prior period Fios video connections. Fios video net additions are calculated by subtracting the Fios video disconnects from the Fios video new connections.
Total broadband connections
are the total number of connections to the internet using Fios internet services, Digital Subscriber Line (DSL), and postpaid, prepaid and IoT FWA as of the end of the period. Total broadband connections are calculated by adding total broadband connections, net additions in the period to prior period total broadband connections.
FWA broadband connections
are the total number of postpaid and prepaid connections to the internet through our 5G or 4G LTE wireless networks as of the end of the period. FWA broadband connections are calculated by adding FWA broadband connections, net additions in the period to prior period FWA broadband connections.
Wireline broadband
connections
are the total number of connections to the internet using DSL and Fios internet services as of the end of the period. Wireline broadband connections are calculated by adding wireline broadband connections, net additions in the period to prior period wireline broadband connections.
Wireless retail connections, net addition
s are the
total number of additional retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period.
Wireless retail postpaid connections, net additions
are the total number of additional retail customer device postpaid