total prepaid results excluding our SafeLink brand.
Where applicable, the operating results reflect certain adjustments, including those related to the reclassification of connections associated with Verizon’s second number offering, migration activity among different types of devices and plans, customer profile changes, and adjustments in connection with mergers, acquisitions and divestitures. Where applicable, historical results have been recast to conform to the current period presentation.
nm - not meaningful
Consumer's total operating revenues increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 as a result of increases in Service, Wireless equipment and Other revenues.
38
Table of Contents
Service Revenue
Service revenue increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily driven by an increase in Wireless service revenue.
Wireless service revenue increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily as a result of:
•
an increase of $407 million in postpaid revenue primarily related to pricing actions, higher adoption of perks and premium MyPlan offerings, and a 41% increase in our FWA subscriber base. These increases were partially offset by the amortization of wireless equipment sales promotions;
•
an increase of $143 million related to growth in non-retail service revenue; and
•
a decrease of $112 million primarily driven by the termination of the Affordable Connectivity Program in the second quarter of 2024, partially offset by an increase in the core prepaid subscriber base.
Wireless Equipment Revenue
Wireless equipment revenue remained relatively flat during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024.
Other Revenue
Other revenue includes fees that partially recover the direct and indirect costs of complying with regulatory and industry obligations and programs, leasing and interest recognized when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.
Other revenue increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily due to an increase of $53 million driven by regulatory surcharges primarily related to a higher net
Federal Universal Service Fund
rate.
Operating Expenses
Cost of Services
Cost of services remained relatively flat during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024.
Cost of Wireless Equipment
Cost of wireless equipment increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily due to:
•
an increase of $148 million due to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold; and
•
an increase of $14 million driven by a higher volume of wireless devices sold.
Selling, General and Administrative Expense
Selling, general and administrative expense increased during the