due to various factors typical in contested proceedings, including: (1) uncertain damage theories and demands; (2) a
28
Table of Contents
less than complete factual record; (3) uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution by courts or regulators; and (4) the unpredictable nature of the opposing party and its demands. We continuously monitor these proceedings as they develop and adjust any accrual or disclosure as needed. We do not expect that the ultimate resolution of any pending regulatory or legal matter in future periods will have a material effect on our financial condition, but it could have a material effect on our results of operations for a given reporting period.
Verizon is currently involved in approximately
25
federal district court actions alleging that Verizon is infringing various patents. Most of these cases are brought by non-practicing entities and effectively seek only monetary damages; a small number are brought by companies that have sold products and could seek injunctive relief as well. These cases have progressed to various stages and a small number may have gone to trial or may go to trial in the coming 12 months if they are not otherwise resolved.
In connection with the execution of agreements for the sales of businesses and investments, Verizon ordinarily provides representations and warranties to the purchasers pertaining to a variety of nonfinancial matters, such as ownership of the securities being sold, as well as indemnity from certain financial losses. From time to time, counterparties may make claims under these provisions, and Verizon will seek to defend against those claims and resolve them in the ordinary course of business.
As of March 31, 2025, Verizon had
28
renewable energy purchase agreements (REPAs) with third parties.
Each of the REPAs is based on the expected operation of a renewable energy-generating facility and has a fixed price term of
12
to
20
years from the commencement of the facility's entry into commercial operation.
Nineteen
of the facilities have entered into commercial operation, and the remainder are under development. The REPAs generally are expected to be financially settled based on the prevailing market price as energy is generated by the facilities.
29
Table of Contents
Verizon Communications Inc. (the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries (together with the Company, collectively, Verizon), is one of the world's leading providers of communications, technology, information and streaming products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers’ demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity and security.
To compete effectively in today's dynamic marketplace, we are focused on the capabilities of our high-performing networks to drive growth based on delivering what customers