and 2023, we made payments of $
269
million and $
4.3
billion, respectively, for obligations related to clearing costs and accelerated clearing incentives for wireless licenses in connection with Auction 107. See Note 3 for additional information.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, approximately $
10.1
billion and $
15.0
billion, respectively, of wireless licenses were under development for commercial service for which we were capitalizing interest costs. We recorded $
616
million and $
1.4
billion of capitalized interest on wireless licenses for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
During 2024 and 2023, we renewed various wireless licenses in accordance with FCC regulations with an average renewal period of
10
years. See Note 1 for additional information.
As discussed in Note 1, we test our wireless licenses for potential impairment annually or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. In 2023, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment, which indicated it was more likely than not that the fair value of our wireless licenses remained above their carrying amount and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. In 2024, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment, in accordance with our policy, which compared the estimated fair value of our aggregate wireless licenses, estimated using the Greenfield approach, to the aggregate carrying amount of the licenses as of the test date. Our annual assessment in 2024 indicated that the fair value of our wireless licenses exceeded the carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment.
Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, put the spectrum into service, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in the fiber that supports our businesses, evolve and maintain our networks and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities.
Goodwill
Changes in the carrying amount of Goodwill are as follows:
(1)
Goodwill balances are net of an accumulated impairment charge of $
16
million presented within both Other and Total.
(2)
Includes a goodwill impairment charge of $
27
million related to non-strategic businesses presented within Other, recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2023.
(3)
Goodwill balances are net of accumulated impairment charges of $
5.8
billion, $
43
million and $
5.9
billion presented within Business, Other and Total, respectively.
During the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment for our Consumer reporting unit. Our qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our Consumer reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment.
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our