right as a guarantee obligation.
We may offer certain promotions that allow a customer to trade in their owned device in connection with the purchase of a new device. Under these types of promotions, the customer receives a credit for the value of the trade-in device. At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of trade-in liability was $
396
million and $
566
million, respectively.
In addition, we may provide the customer with additional future billing credits that will be applied against the customer’s monthly bill as long as service is maintained. These future billing credits are accounted for as consideration payable to a customer and are included in the determination of total transaction price, resulting in a contract liability.
Device payment plan agreement receivables, net, disclosed in the table above, does not reflect the trade-in liability, additional future credits or the guarantee liability.
Origination of Device Payment Plan Agreements
When originating device payment plan agreements, we use internal and external data sources to create a credit risk score to measure the credit quality of a customer and to determine eligibility for the device payment program. Verizon’s experience has been that the payment attributes of longer tenured customers are highly predictive for estimating their reliability to make future payments. Customers with longer tenures tend to exhibit similar risk characteristics to other customers with longer tenures, and receivables due from customers with longer tenures tend to perform better than receivables from customers that have not
81
Table of
Contents
previously been Verizon customers. As a result of this experience, we make initial lending decisions based upon whether the customers are "established customers" or "short-tenured customers." If a Consumer customer has been a customer for
45
days or more, or if a Business customer has been a customer for
12
months or more, the customer is considered an "established customer." For established customers, the credit decision and ongoing credit monitoring processes rely on a combination of internal and external data sources. If a Consumer customer has been a customer less than
45
days, or a Business customer has been a customer for less than
12
months, the customer is considered a "short-tenured customer." For short-tenured customers, the credit decision and credit monitoring processes rely more heavily on external data sources.
Available external credit data from credit reporting agencies along with internal data are used to create custom credit risk scores for Consumer customers. The custom credit risk score is generated automatically from the applicant’s credit data using proprietary custom credit models. The credit risk score measures the likelihood that the potential customer will become severely delinquent and be disconnected for non-payment. For a small portion of short-tenured customer applications, a traditional credit report is not available from