allowance as discussed above.
If there is a deterioration of our customers’ financial condition or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, we may have to adjust our allowance for credit losses, which would affect earnings in the period the adjustments are made. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Spectrum License Transactions
From time to time we enter into agreements to buy, sell or exchange spectrum licenses. We believe these spectrum license transactions have allowed us to continue to enhance the reliability of our wireless network while also resulting in a more efficient use of spectrum.
In February 2021, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) concluded Auction 107 for C-Band wireless spectrum. In accordance with the rules applicable to the auction, Verizon is required to make payments for our allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction, which are estimated to be $7.5 billion. During 2024, 2023 and 2022, we made payments of $269 million, $4.3 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, for obligations related to clearing costs and accelerated clearing incentives. The carrying value of the wireless spectrum won in Auction 107 consists of all payments required to participate and purchase licenses in the auction, including Verizon’s allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction that we are obligated to pay in order to acquire the licenses, as well as capitalized interest to the extent qualifying activities have occurred.
In March 2022, Verizon signed agreements with satellite operators in which operators agreed to clear C-Band spectrum in certain markets and frequencies ahead of the previously expected timeframe. During 2022, Verizon incurred costs associated with these agreements of approximately $340 million, of which $310 million was paid as of December 31, 2022 and the remainder was paid in 2023. This early clearance accelerated Verizon's access to more spectrum in a number of key markets to support its 5G network initiatives.
48
Table of
Contents
On October 17, 2024, Verizon entered into a license purchase agreement to acquire select spectrum licenses of United States Cellular Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries (UScellular) for total consideration of $1.0 billion, subject to certain potential adjustments. The closing of this transaction is subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and other closing conditions, including the consummation of UScellular's proposed sale of its wireless operations and select spectrum assets to T-Mobile US, Inc., and the termination of certain post-closing arrangements with respect to that sale.
See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our spectrum license transactions.