deferred taxes related to these undistributed earnings is not practicable.
At December 31, 2024, we had net after-tax loss, credit, and other carry forwards for income tax purposes of approximately $
1.7
billion that relate to federal, state and foreign taxes. Of these net after-tax loss, credit, and other carry forwards, approximately $
1.1
billion will expire between 2025 and 2044 and approximately $
591
million may be carried forward indefinitely.
During 2024, the valuation allowance increased by $
59
million. The $
1.4
billion valuation allowance at December 31, 2024 is primarily related to state and foreign taxes.
98
Table of
Contents
Unrecognized Tax Benefits
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
Included in the total unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is $
2.3
billion, $
2.3
billion and $
2.5
billion, respectively, that if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate.
We recognized the following net after-tax expenses (benefit) related to interest and penalties in the provision for income taxes:
The after-tax accruals for the payment of interest and penalties in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows:
The decrease in unrecognized tax benefits in 2024 was primarily due to the resolution of issues under income tax examinations. The decrease in unrecognized tax benefits for 2023 was primarily due to lapses of statutes of limitations.
Verizon and/or its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. As a large taxpayer, we are under audit by the IRS and multiple state and foreign jurisdictions for various open tax years. The IRS is currently examining the Company’s U.S. income tax returns for tax years 2017 through 2019 and Cellco's U.S. income tax return for tax year 2020. Tax controversies are ongoing for tax years as early as 2009 in certain states and as early as 2000 outside the U.S.
Reportable Segments
We have
two
reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on segment operating income, consistent with the chief operating decision maker's (CODM) assessment of segment performance.
The Company's CODM is the Chief Executive Officer. The CODM uses segment operating income to allocate resources (including employees, financial or capital resources) and to assess performance during the monthly and quarterly financial strategic review process. When assessing segment performance and how to allocate resources, the CODM focuses on evaluating whether revenues generated are sufficient to cover variable and fixed costs with an appropriate return on investment. Key decisions considered by the CODM using segment operating income include prioritization and timing of changes to network technologies, allocation of capital expenditures based on the Company's