software are capitalized only to the extent that they add significant new functionality. Planning, software maintenance and training costs for internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. We capitalize interest associated with the development of internal-use network and non-network software. Capitalized non-network internal-use software costs are amortized using the straight-line method over a period of
3
to
7
years and are included in Other intangible assets, net in our consolidated balance sheets. Costs incurred in implementing a cloud computing service arrangement are deferred during the application-development stage and recorded as Prepaid expense and other in our consolidated balance sheets. Once a project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, we stop deferring the related cloud computing arrangement costs.
For a discussion of our impairment policy for capitalized non-network software costs, see "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" below. See Note 4 for additional information of internal-use non-network software reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. Similar to capitalized software costs, deferred costs associated with cloud computing arrangements are subject to impairment testing.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is the excess of the acquisition cost of businesses over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Impairment testing for goodwill is performed annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if impairment indicators are present.
To determine if goodwill is potentially impaired, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment. However, we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test even if no indications of a potential impairment exist. It is our policy to perform quantitative impairment assessment at least every three years.
Under the qualitative assessment, we consider several factors, including the enterprise value of the reporting unit from the last quantitative test and the excess of fair value over carrying value from this test, macroeconomic conditions (including changes in interest rates and discount rates), industry and market considerations (including industry revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) margin results, projections and recent merger and acquisition activity), the recent and projected financial performance of the reporting unit, as well as other factors.
The quantitative impairment test for goodwill is performed at the reporting unit level and compares the fair value of the reporting unit (calculated using a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method, as a form of the income approach) to its carrying value. Estimated fair values of reporting units are Level 3 measures in the fair value hierarchy, see "Fair Value Measurements" discussion below for additional