broadband and managed solutions to our large business and private sector customers. Large businesses are identified based on their size and volume of business with Verizon. Public sector customers include U.S. federal, state and local governments and educational institutions. Our offerings to this customer group include plans with features and pricing designed to address their specific needs.
Enterprise and Public Sector revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily due to a decrease of $119 million in wireline revenue primarily driven by declines in networking, traditional data
41
Table of Contents
and voice communication services along with related professional services, due to secular market pressure and technology shifts, coupled with lower customer premise equipment sales volumes.
Business Markets and Other
Business Markets and Other offers wireless services (including FWA broadband), wireless equipment, advanced communication services, tailored voice and networking products, Fios services, advanced voice solutions and security services to businesses that ordinarily do not meet the requirements to be categorized as Enterprise and Public Sector, as described above. Business Markets and Other also includes solutions that support mobile resource management.
Business Markets and Other revenues increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily due to an increase of $129 million in Wireless service revenue driven by pricing actions and an increase in our FWA subscriber base partially offset by the amortization of wireless equipment sales promotions.
Wholesale
Wholesale offers wireline communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers.
Wholesale revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily due to a decrease of $79 million related to declines in traditional data and voice communication services and network connectivity as a result of technology substitution.
Operating Expenses
Cost of Services
Cost of services decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily as a result of:
•
a decrease of $25 million in customer premise equipment costs due to lower volumes sold; and
•
a decrease of $15 million in rent and lease expense primarily driven by a change in Business's proportionate usage of shared leased assets and new lease activity.
Cost of Wireless Equipment
Cost of wireless equipment remained relatively flat during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024.
Selling, General and Administrative Expense
Selling, general and administrative expense decreased during the three months compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily