licenses, the fair value would have still exceeded their carrying value. We do not believe reasonable changes in significant estimates would change the outcome to this quantitative assessment. For instance, if either the terminal value growth rate declined by 50 basis points (bps) or if the WACC increased by 50 bps, the fair value of wireless licenses would still exceed their carrying value.
Goodwill
At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the balance of our goodwill was approximately $22.8 billion, of which $21.2 billion was in our Consumer reporting unit and $1.7 billion was in our Business reporting unit.
To determine if goodwill is potentially impaired, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we elect not to conduct the qualitative assessment or if indications of a potential impairment exist, the determination of whether an impairment has occurred requires the fair value of each reporting unit to be assessed. It is our policy to perform quantitative impairment assessments at least every three years.
Under the qualitative assessment, we consider several factors, including the enterprise value of the reporting unit from the last quantitative test and the excess of fair value over carrying value from this test, macroeconomic conditions (including changes in interest rates and discount rates), industry and market considerations (including industry revenue and EBITDA margin results, projections and recent merger and acquisition activity), the recent and projected financial performance of the reporting unit, as well as other factors.
Under the quantitative assessment, the fair value of the reporting unit is calculated using an average of the market approach and a discounted cash flow method, as a form of the income approach. The market approach includes the use of comparative multiples to complement discounted cash flow results. The discounted cash flow method is based on the present value of two
45
Table of
Contents
components-projected cash flows and a terminal value. The terminal value represents the expected normalized future cash flows of the reporting unit beyond the cash flows from the discrete projection period. The fair value of the reporting unit using the income approach is calculated based on the sum of the present value of the cash flows from the discrete period and the present value of the terminal value. The discount rate represents our estimate of the WACC, or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. The application of our goodwill impairment test requires key assumptions underlying our valuation model. The discounted cash flow analysis factors in assumptions on discount rates and terminal growth rates to reflect risk profiles of key strategic revenue and cost initiatives, as well as revenue and EBITDA growth relative to history and market trends