liabilities.
(3)
Unobservable pricing inputs in the market.
Certain of our equity investments do not have readily determinable fair values and are excluded from the tables above. Such investments are measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer and are included in Investments in unconsolidated businesses in our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying amount of our investments without readily determinable fair values was $
724
million and $
764
million, respectively. During 2024, there were insignificant adjustments due to observable price changes and insignificant impairment charges. Cumulative adjustments due to observable price changes and impairment charges were approximately $
186
million and $
120
million, respectively.
Verizon had a liability for contingent consideration related to its acquisition of TracFone, completed in November 2021. The fair value was calculated using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model and represented a Level 3 measurement. Level 3 instruments include valuation based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. Subsequent to the Acquisition Date, at each reporting date, the contingent consideration liability was remeasured to fair value. Contingent consideration payments were completed in January of 2024. During 2024 and 2023, we made payments of $
52
million and $
257
million, respectively, related to the contingent consideration. See Note 3 for additional information.
Fixed income securities consist primarily of investments in municipal bonds. The valuation of the fixed income securities is based on the quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or identical assets in inactive markets or models that apply inputs from observable market data. The valuation determines that these securities are classified as Level 2.
Derivative contracts are valued using models based on readily observable market parameters for all substantial terms of our derivative contracts and thus are classified within Level 2. We use mid-market pricing for fair value measurements of our derivative instruments. Our derivative instruments are recorded on a gross basis.
We recognize transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period.
85
Table of
Contents
Fair Value of Short-term and Long-term Debt
The fair value of our debt is determined using various methods, including quoted prices for identical debt instruments, which is a Level 1 measurement, as well as quoted prices for similar debt instruments with comparable terms and maturities, which is a Level 2 measurement.
The fair value of our short-term and long-term debt, excluding finance leases, was as follows:
Derivative Instruments
We enter into derivative