wireless licenses, challenges could be raised in the future. If a wireless license was revoked or not renewed, Verizon would not be permitted to provide services on the spectrum covered by that license. Some of our licenses require us to comply with so-called "open access" FCC regulations, which generally require licensees of particular spectrum to allow customers to use devices and applications of their choice, subject to certain technical limitations. The FCC has also imposed certain specific mandates on wireless carriers, including construction and geographic coverage requirements, technical operating standards, provision of enhanced 911 services, roaming obligations and requirements for wireless tower and antenna facilities.
The Communications Act generally preempts regulation by state and local governments of the entry of, or the rates charged by, wireless carriers. It does not prohibit states from regulating the other "terms and conditions" of wireless service. For example, some states impose reporting and consumer protection requirements. Several states also have laws or regulations that address safety issues (for example, use of wireless handsets while driving), universal service funding, and taxation matters. Some states are also considering new network reliability or service quality requirements that may affect how and where we provide services if not preempted by federal law. In addition, wireless tower and antenna facilities are often subject to state and local zoning and land use regulation, and securing approvals for new or modified facilities is often a lengthy and expensive process.
9
Table of Contents
Broadband
Verizon offers many different broadband services. In early January 2025, based on litigation filed by the broadband industry, a federal appeals court overturned the FCC's April 2024 final decision to regulate broadband services via utility-style common carriage regulation under Title II of the Communications Act.  Absent further action in the courts, this decision will remain in effect and limit the risk of burdensome FCC broadband regulation. In addition to federal activity, several states have adopted or are considering adopting laws or executive orders that would impose net neutrality and other requirements on some of our broadband services, including a law in New York that requires discounted broadband pricing for low income customers. Some states may also impose pricing or other rules related to broadband built with the assistance of federal or state funding. The FCC also adopted broad rules related to "digital discrimination" that could further increase regulatory oversight of broadband services; industry groups have appealed those rules in court. Our broadband commitment can be found on our website at https://www.verizon.com/about/our-company/verizon-broadband-commitment.
Wireline Voice
Verizon offers many different wireline voice services, including traditional telephone service and other services that rely on