vests, and is paid at the time the RSU award is paid, and in the same proportion as the RSU award.
We estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. We use historical data to estimate forfeitures and recognize that estimated compensation cost of restricted stock units, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
Performance Stock Units
The 2017 Plan also provides for grants of Performance Stock Units (PSUs) that generally vest at the end of the third year after the grant. As defined by the 2017 Plan, the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors determines the number of PSUs a participant earns based on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved over the
three-year
performance cycle. The PSUs that are paid in stock upon vesting and are classified as equity awards are measured using the grant date fair value of Verizon common stock and are not remeasured at the end of each reporting period. The PSUs that
88
Table of
Contents
are settled in cash and are classified as liability awards are measured at its fair value at the end of each reporting period and, therefore, will fluctuate based on the price of Verizon common stock as well as performance relative to the targets. All PSUs granted under the 2017 Plan have DEUs, which will be paid to participants if, and only to the extent the applicable PSU award vests, and is paid at the time that PSU award is paid, and in the same proportion as the PSU award. The granted and cancelled activity for the PSU award includes adjustments for the performance goals achieved.
The following table summarizes Verizon’s Restricted Stock Unit and Performance Stock Unit activity:
As of December 31, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of Verizon’s RSUs and PSUs was approximately $
745
million and is expected to be recognized over approximately
2
years.
The equity awards granted in 2024, 2023 and 2022 have weighted-average grant date fair values of $
40.31
, $
37.53
and $
53.26
per unit, respectively. During 2024, 2023 and 2022, we paid $
508
million, $
415
million and $
433
million, respectively, to settle RSUs and PSUs classified as liability awards.
Stock-Based Compensation Expense
After-tax compensation expense for stock-based compensation related to RSUs and PSUs described above included in Net income attributable to Verizon was $
795
million, $
533
million and $
609
million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
We maintain non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for certain employees. In addition, we maintain postretirement health care and life insurance plans for certain retirees and their dependents, which are both contributory and non-contributory, and include a limit on our share of the cost for certain current and future retirees. In accordance with our accounting policy for pension and other