expected to be driven by expanding existing customer relationships, increasing the number of ways customers can connect with wireless networks and services and increasing the penetration of FWA and connected devices including wearables, tablets and IoT devices. Although certain advanced use cases for 5G technologies and related ecosystems are in the early phases of adoption, we believe that they will provide an opportunity for growth in the coming years.
We expect future service revenue growth opportunities to arise from increased access revenue as customer demand for mobile and FWA 5G connectivity continues to expand and customers shift to higher access plans. Additionally, we expect service revenue to benefit from targeted pricing actions and increased connections per account. Future service revenue growth opportunities will be dependent on expanding the penetration of our services, increasing the number of ways that our customers can connect with our networks and services and the development of new 5G use cases and ecosystems.
Pricing plays an increasingly important role in the wireless competitive landscape. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans and bundled services at competitive prices. In addition, aggressive device promotions have become more common in recent years in an effort to encourage customers to switch carriers, as well as retain existing customers. We compete in this area by offering our customers services and devices, with a variety of content options and other perks, that we believe provide significant value for the price. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements.
For further details on competitive environment and trends, refer to "Business — Competition and Related Trends" in Part I, Item 1 and "Risk Factors — Economic and Strategic Risks — We face significant competition that may negatively affect our operating results" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Connection Trends
In our Consumer segment, we are focused on attracting new customers and maintaining our high-quality retail postpaid customer base by capitalizing on demand for reliable high-speed connectivity and customizable, personalized offerings and solutions. We believe the combination of our wireless network quality and service and product offerings represents an attractive value proposition and provides a compelling customer experience, supporting increased penetration of data services. While our Consumer segment experienced diminished wireless connection growth in recent years, we expect that future connection growth opportunities will be driven by the comparative value we provide to our customers, as well as our FWA broadband service. In our prepaid business,