Consumer reporting unit in accordance with our policy. We applied a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method reflecting current assumptions and inputs, including our revised projections, discount rate and expected growth rates. Our assessment indicated that the fair value of our Consumer reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment.
During the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our Business reporting unit given the low excess of fair value over carrying value identified in our 2022 annual impairment assessment and increased competitive and market pressures experienced throughout 2023. These pressures resulted in lower projected cash flows primarily driven by secular declines in wireline services and products across our Business customer groups. In connection with Verizon’s annual budget process in the fourth quarter of 2023, leadership completed a comprehensive five-year strategic planning review of our Business reporting unit resulting in declines in financial projections driven by market dynamics as compared to the prior year five-year strategic planning cycle. The revised projections were used as a key input into the Business reporting unit’s annual goodwill impairment test performed in the fourth quarter of 2023. In addition, changes in the macroeconomic environment, including interest rate and inflationary pressures also impacted the fair value of the reporting unit. We applied a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method reflecting current assumptions and inputs, including our revised projections, discount rate and expected growth rates, which resulted in the determination that the fair value of our Business reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we recorded a noncash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $
5.8
billion ($
5.8
billion after-tax) in our consolidated statement of income.
71
Table of
Contents
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our Business reporting unit given the impairment of the Business reporting unit's goodwill in the prior year. In addition, the Business reporting unit has continued to experience competitive and market pressures throughout 2024, that may persist over the near term. We applied a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method reflecting current assumptions and inputs, including our revised projections, discount rate and expected growth rates, which indicated that the fair value of our Business reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. We do not anticipate reasonable changes in significant assumptions to change the outcome of the quantitative impairment assessment. However, management believes there is a continued risk that our Business reporting unit may be required to recognize an