of $124 million in advertising costs related to Value Brand marketing campaigns and the refresh of the Verizon brand in 2024 compared to 2023;
•
a decrease of $273 million
related to an asset and business rationalization charge taken in 2024 compared to an asset rationalization charge taken in 2023; and
•
a decrease of $161 million related to business transformation costs in 2023 that did not reoccur.
See "Special Items" for additional information on the severance charges, the asset and business rationalization charges and the business transformation costs.
Depreciation and Amortization Expense
Depreciation and amortization expense increased during 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to the change in the mix of net depreciable and amortizable assets, including the amortization period of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, and the continued deployment of C-Band network assets.
Verizon Business Group Goodwill Impairment
During 2023, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $5.8 billion as a result of the annual goodwill impairment test performed in the fourth quarter. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" for additional information.
26
Table of
Contents
Other Consolidated Results
Other Income (Expense), Net
Additional information relating to Other income (expense), net is as follows:
nm - not meaningful
Other income (expense), net reflects certain items not directly related to our core operations, including interest income, debt extinguishment gains and losses, components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit income and cost and certain foreign exchange gains and losses.
Other income (expense), net increased during 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to a net pension and postretirement benefits remeasurement gain of $657 million recorded during 2024, compared with a loss of $992 million recorded during 2023. The increase was partially offset by a decrease
of $396 million due to lower plan assets on which to earn expected returns in our pension and postretirement plans compared to 2023.
See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the other components of net periodic benefit income (cost).
Interest Expense
(1)
The average debt outstanding is a financial measure and is calculated by applying a simple average of prior thirteen-month end balances of total short-term and long-term debt, net of discounts, premiums and unamortized debt issuance costs.
(2)
The effective interest rate is the rate of actual interest incurred on debt. It is calculated by dividing the total interest costs on debt balances by the average debt outstanding.
(3)
We believe that this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our debt financing cost and trends in our debt leverage management.
Total interest expense increased during 2024 compared to 2023 primarily as a result of a decrease in capitalized interest due to additional C-Band spectrum licenses being placed into