inputs, including our revised projections, discount rate and expected growth rates, which resulted in the determination that the fair value of our Business reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we recorded a noncash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $5.8 billion ($5.8 billion after-tax) in our consolidated statement of income. The goodwill balance of the Business reporting unit was approximately $7.5 billion prior to the occurrence of this impairment charge.
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our Business reporting unit given the impairment of the Business reporting unit's goodwill in the prior year. In addition, the Business reporting unit has continued to experience competitive and market pressures throughout 2024, that may persist over the near term. We applied a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method reflecting current assumptions and inputs, including our revised projections, discount rate and expected growth rates, which indicated that the fair value of our Business reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. At the goodwill impairment measurement date of October 31, 2024, our Business reporting unit had a fair value that exceeded its carrying amount by approximately 8% and remains susceptible to future impairment risk. We do not anticipate reasonable changes in significant assumptions to change the outcome of the quantitative impairment assessment. For instance, if either the terminal value growth rate declined by 50 bps, or if the discount rate increased by 50 bps, or if the EBITDA margin decreased by 100 basis points, the fair value of our Business reporting unit would still exceed its carrying value. However, management believes there is a continued risk that our Business reporting unit may be required to recognize an impairment charge in the future. As of December 31, 2024, $1.7 billion
of
goodwill was allocated to our Business reporting unit. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
A projected sustained decline in the reporting unit's revenues and earnings could have a significant negative impact on its fair value and could result in future impairment charges. Such a decline could be driven by, among other things: (1) decreases in sales volumes or long-term growth rate as a result of competitive pressures or other factors; or (2) the reporting unit's inability to achieve or delays in achieving its goals or strategic initiatives. Adverse changes to macroeconomic factors, such as increases in long-term interest rates, would also negatively impact the fair value of the reporting unit.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
We maintain benefit plans for most of our employees, including, for certain employees, pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Benefit plan assumptions, including the