and 0.3% unknown or undeclared, and the race/ethnicity of our U.S. workforce was 52.5% White, 18.4% Black, 14.0% Hispanic, 8.8% Asian, 0.4% American Indian / Alaskan Native, 0.3% Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander, 2.6% two or more races, and 3.0% unknown or undeclared. Women represented 36.2% of U.S. senior leadership (vice president level and above). People of color represented 34.0% of U.S. senior leadership.
Verizon respects our employees' rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining in compliance with applicable laws, including the right to join or not join labor unions. We have a long history of working with the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers — the two unions that in total represent approximately 25% of our employees as of December 31, 2024. The current collective bargaining agreements covering our union-represented employees who serve customers in our Mid-Atlantic and Northeast service areas extend through August 1, 2026. Other collective bargaining agreements covering smaller groups of employees extend through various dates between 2025 and 2028. In addition, where applicable outside of the U.S., we engage with employee representative bodies such as works council. Verizon meets with U.S. national and local union leaders, as well as works council leaders outside the U.S., to talk about key business topics, including safety, customer service, plans to improve operational processes, our business performance and the impacts that changing technology and competition are having on our customers, employees and business strategy.
For a discussion of Verizon's Board oversight of risks related to our human capital resources, see the section entitled "Governance — Our governance framework — Oversight of business risks" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
We own or have licenses to various patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively pursue the filing and registration of patents, copyrights, trademarks and domain names to protect our intellectual property rights within the United States and abroad. We also actively grant licenses, in exchange for appropriate fees or other consideration and subject to appropriate safeguards and restrictions, to other companies that enable them to utilize certain of our intellectual property rights and proprietary technology as part of their products and services. Such licenses enable the licensees to take advantage of Verizon's brands and the results of Verizon’s research and development efforts. While these licenses result in valuable consideration for Verizon, we do not believe that the loss of such consideration, or the expiration of any of our intellectual property rights, would have a material effect on our results