$17.5 billion to $18.5 billion.
Global Networks and Technology
We consider the reliability, speed, capacity, coverage and security of our wireless network to be key factors in our continued success. We are evolving and transforming our networks to ensure our customers receive access to the best network possible. Over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. Our evolution to 5G with its new architecture allows us to simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements.
While we continue to improve our 5G wireless service coverage, we are also adding capacity and density to our networks. Network densification enables us to increase coverage, improve quality of service and add capacity to accommodate an increasing number of users.
In addition to enhancing our wireless service, our wireless mobility investments provide the foundation for our growing FWA broadband business. We are also continuing to expand our fiber-based networks, as customers increasingly value the ability to obtain wireless and wireline broadband services from the same provider. In September 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. (Frontier), a U.S. provider of broadband internet and other communication services, as part of our fiber expansion strategy, and we expect to increase the capital expenditures we devote to our fiber networks in 2025.
Tariffs and Other Government Initiatives
The U.S. government recently announced tariffs on goods imported from various countries to the U.S. Countries subject to such tariffs have imposed or may in the future impose reciprocal or retaliatory tariffs and other trade measures. We are actively monitoring the tariff developments and analyzing the potential impacts on our business, cost structure, supply chain and broader economic environment. We are also working closely with our strategic suppliers to manage the potential impacts.
In addition, the U.S. presidential administration is seeking to implement significant changes to the size and scope of the federal government, which may include reduction of the federal government workforce, changes in budgetary priorities and other cost efficiency measures. We began seeing some impact from these efforts in our federal government business in the first quarter of 2025.
While these developments have not had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations to date, due to their evolving nature, we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate impacts they may have on our business and results in the future but those impacts could be material.
In this section, we discuss our overall results of operations and highlight special items, some of which are not included in our segment results. In "Segment Results of Operations" we review the performance of our two reportable segments in more detail.
Consolidated Operating