approximately
95
% of our wireless postpaid contracts and
94
% of our wireline Consumer and our Business Markets and Other contracts
.
Additionally, certain contracts provide customers the option to purchase additional services. The fees related to these additional services are recognized when the customer exercises the option (typically on a month-to-month basis).
Contracts for wireless services, with or without promotional credits that require maintenance of service, are generally either month-to-month and cancellable at any time, or considered to contain terms ranging from greater than
one month
to up to
thirty-six months
(typically under a device payment plan associated with a promotion or a fixed-term plan). Additionally, customers may incur charges based on usage or additional optional services purchased in conjunction with entering into a contract that can be cancelled at any time and therefore are not included in the transaction price. The transaction price allocated to service performance obligations, which are not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period, are generally related to contracts that are not accounted for as month-to-month contracts.
Our Consumer group customers also include traditional wholesale resellers that purchase and resell wireless service under their own brands to their respective customers. Reseller arrangements generally include a stated contract term, which typically extends longer than
two years
and, in some cases, include a periodic minimum revenue commitment over the contract term for which revenues will be recognized in future periods.
Consumer customer contracts for wireline services are generally month-to-month; however, they may have a service term of
two years
or shorter than
twelve months
. Certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services extend into future periods, contain fixed monthly fees and usage-based fees, and can include annual commitments in each year of the contract or commitments over the entire specified contract term; however, a significant number of contracts for wireline services with our Business customers have a contract term that is
twelve months
or less.
Additionally, there are certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services that have a contractual minimum fee over the total contract term. We cannot predict the time period when revenue will be recognized related to those contracts; thus, they are excluded from the expected recognition timeframe below. These contracts have varying terms spanning over approximately
twenty-eight years
ending in September 2053 and have aggregate contract minimum payments totaling $
1.6
billion.
At March 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price related to unsatisfied performance obligations was $
53.3
billion, of which we expect to recognize substantially all of the revenue from origination over the next
thirty-six months
, with the remainder recognized thereafter. Remaining