collateral exchange.
The CSA agreements contain fixed cap amounts or rating based thresholds such that we or our counterparties may be required to hold or post collateral based upon changes in outstanding positions as compared to established thresholds or caps and changes in credit ratings. We do not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments and fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral arising from derivative instruments recognized at fair value.
At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, we did
no
t hold any collateral. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, we posted $
2.1
billion and $
1.4
billion, respectively, of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange agreements, which were recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our consolidated balance sheets. While we may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance of our counterparties, we consider the risk remote and do not expect that any such nonperformance would result in a significant effect on our results of operations or financial condition due to our diversified pool of counterparties.
Verizon Long-Term Incentive Plan
In May 2017, our shareholders approved the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan) and terminated the Company's authority to grant new awards under the Verizon 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2009 Plan). The 2017 Plan provides for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers, and permits the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance stock units and other awards. Upon approval of the 2017 Plan, we reserved for issuance under the 2017 Plan the number of shares that were remaining but not issued under the 2009 Plan. Shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2009 Plan that expire, are canceled or otherwise terminated will also be available for awards under the 2017 Plan. As of December 31, 2024,
50
million shares are reserved for future issuance under the 2017 Plan.
Restricted Stock Units
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted under the 2017 Plan generally vest in
three
equal installments on each anniversary of the grant date. The RSUs that are paid in stock upon vesting and are thus classified as equity awards are measured using the grant date fair value of Verizon common stock and are not remeasured at the end of each reporting period. In 2020, Verizon announced a broad-based program that provides for the annual award of cash-settled RSUs under the 2017 Plan to all full-time and part-time employees who meet eligibility requirements. The RSUs that are settled in cash are classified as liability awards and the liability is measured at its fair value at the end of each reporting period. All RSUs granted under the 2017 Plan have dividend equivalent units (DEUs), which will be paid to participants if, and only to the extent the applicable RSU award