is determined, in consultation with counsel based on litigation and settlement risks, that a loss is probable and estimable in a given matter, Verizon establishes an accrual. In none of the currently pending matters is the amount of accrual material. An estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amounts already accrued cannot be made at this time due to various factors typical in contested proceedings, including: (1) uncertain damage theories and demands; (2) a less than complete factual record; (3) uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution by courts or regulators; and (4) the unpredictable nature of the opposing party and its demands. We continuously monitor these proceedings as they develop and adjust any accrual or disclosure as needed. We do not expect that the ultimate resolution of any pending regulatory or legal matter in future periods will have a material effect on our financial condition, but it could have a material effect on our results of operations for a given reporting period.
Verizon is currently involved in approximately
30
federal district court actions alleging that Verizon is infringing various patents. Most of these cases are brought by non-practicing entities and effectively seek only monetary damages; a small number are brought by companies that have sold products and could seek injunctive relief as well. These cases have progressed to various stages and a small number may have gone to trial or may go to trial in the coming 12 months if they are not otherwise resolved.
106
Table of
Contents
In connection with the execution of agreements for the sales of businesses and investments, Verizon ordinarily provides representations and warranties to the purchasers pertaining to a variety of nonfinancial matters, such as ownership of the securities being sold, as well as indemnity from certain financial losses. From time to time, counterparties may make claims under these provisions, and Verizon will seek to defend against those claims and resolve them in the ordinary course of business.
As of December 31, 2024, letters of credit totaling approximately $
816
million, which were executed in the normal course of business and support several financing arrangements and payment obligations to third parties, were outstanding.
As of December 31, 2024, Verizon had
28
renewable energy purchase agreements (REPAs) with third parties.
Each of the REPAs is based on the expected operation of a renewable energy-generating facility and has a fixed price term of
12
to
20
years from the commencement of the facility's entry into commercial operation.
Nineteen
of the facilities have entered into commercial operation, and the remainder are under development.
The REPAs generally are expected to be financially settled based on the prevailing market price as energy is generated by the facilities.
We have various unconditional purchase obligations, which represent agreements to purchase goods or services that