provision, net income and cash flows.
We are also subject to ongoing audits, examinations and other tax controversies in various jurisdictions. Although we regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these controversies to determine the adequacy of provisions for taxes, the final outcome of any such controversy may be materially different from our expectations. In the event that we have not accurately or fully described, disclosed or determined, calculated or remitted amounts that were due to taxing authorities or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, we could be subject to additional taxes, penalties and interest, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
We are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements.
We are subject to a substantial amount of litigation and claims in arbitration, including, but not limited to, shareholder lawsuits, patent and copyright infringement lawsuits, wage and hour class actions, contract and commercial claims, personal injury claims, property claims, environmental claims, and lawsuits relating to our advertising, sales, billing and collection practices. We may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay significant awards of damages or settlements. We also could be subject to court-ordered injunctions and other remedies that could negatively impact our business operations. Our wireless business is also subject to lawsuits relating to alleged adverse health effects of wireless phones and radio frequency transmitters. Any of these allegations or changes in government agencies’ assessment of the risks associated with using wireless devices could result in significant legal and regulatory liability and other remedies, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
17
Table of Contents
Allegations related to lead sheathed copper cables in our copper network infrastructure could expose us to regulatory scrutiny, litigation, penalties, removal and compliance costs, operational impact or reputational damage.
There have been media reports alleging that certain lead sheathed copper cables that are part of our copper-based network infrastructure may present health or environmental risks in areas where those facilities are deployed. These allegations have resulted in government investigations, regulatory inquiries and litigation, and could further result in legislative or regulatory actions, penalties and other liability, remediation and compliance costs or negative operational impacts. Additional legal proceedings and other contingencies may arise in the future. Our insurance policies may not cover or may not be sufficient to fully cover the costs of these claims. Accordingly, we may incur substantial expenses as a result