are enforceable and legally binding. We estimate that these unconditional purchase obligations, for contracts with terms in excess of one year, total $
16.7
billion, and primarily represent commitments to purchase content, network equipment, software and services, marketing services and other items which will be used or sold in the ordinary course of business from a variety of suppliers. Of this total amount, $
6.2
billion is attributable to 2025, $
5.5
billion is attributable to 2026, $
3.1
billion is attributable to 2027, $
1.3
billion is attributable to 2028, $
291
million is attributable to 2029 and $
363
million is attributable to years thereafter. These amounts do not represent our entire anticipated purchases in the future, but represent only those items that are the subject of contractual obligations. Our commitments are generally determined based on the noncancelable quantities to which we are contractually obliged. Since the commitments to purchase programming services from television networks and broadcast stations have no minimum volume requirement, we estimated our obligation based on number of subscribers at December 31, 2024, and applicable rates stipulated in the contracts in effect at that time. We also purchase products and services as needed with no firm commitment.
None.
Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, that ensure that information relating to the registrant which is required to be disclosed in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within required time periods using the criteria for effective internal control established in Internal Control–Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
In the ordinary course of business, we routinely review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our systems and processes that are intended to ensure an effective internal control environment. In the third quarter of 2020, we began a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which will replace many of our existing core financial systems. The new ERP system is designed to enhance the flow of financial information, facilitate data analysis and accelerate information reporting. The implementation is ongoing and is expected to continue over the next few years.
As the phased implementation of the new ERP system continues, we could have changes to our processes and procedures which, in turn, could result in changes to our internal controls over