exceptions) will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a per share merger consideration of $
38.50
, in cash. In November 2024, Frontier shareholders approved the transaction. Consummation of the transaction is subject to receipt of certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Under certain circumstances, if the Merger Agreement is terminated, Frontier may be required to pay Verizon a termination fee of $
320
million. Under certain other specified circumstances, Verizon may be required to pay Frontier a termination fee of $
590
million.
11
Table of Contents
Wireless Licenses
The carrying amounts of our Wireless licenses are as follows:
At March 31, 2025 and 2024, approximately $
9.4
billion and $
13.9
billion, respectively, of wireless licenses were under development for commercial service for which we were capitalizing interest costs. We recorded $
122
million and $
180
million of capitalized interest on wireless licenses for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we renewed various wireless licenses in accordance with FCC regulations. The average renewal period for these licenses was
15
years.
Goodwill
Changes in the carrying amount of Goodwill are as follows:
(1)
Goodwill is net of accumulated impairment charges of $
5.8
billion related to our Business reporting unit.
Other Intangible Assets
The following table displays the composition of Other intangible assets, net as well as the respective amortization periods:
The amortization expense for Other intangible assets was as follows:
The estimated future amortization expense for Other intangible assets for the remainder of the current year and next 5 years is as follows:
Significant Debt Transactions
Debt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility.
12
Table of Contents
The following table shows the significant transactions involving the senior unsecured debt securities of the Company and its subsidiaries that occurred during the
three
months ended March 31, 2025.
Repayments, Redemptions and Repurchases
(1)
Represents amount paid to repay, redeem or repurchase, including any accrued interest. In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, amount paid is shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis and includes the amount payable per the derivatives entered into in connection with the transaction. See Note 7 for additional information on cross currency swap transactions related to the transaction.
In April 2025, we repaid at maturity €
747
million of outstanding aggregate principal amount of
0.875
% notes. We also redeemed all of the $
985
million outstanding aggregate principal amount of
2.625
% notes due 2026. See Note 7 for additional information on derivative activity related to the transactions.
Issuances
In April 2025, we