return on several hundred high-quality fixed income corporate bonds available at the measurement date. These individual spot rates align with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments and therefore provide a more precise estimate of interest cost.
See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Income Taxes
Our current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowances are impacted by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with the adoption of new accounting standards, changes in tax laws and rates, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and non-recurring items. As a global commercial enterprise, our income tax rate and the classification of income taxes can be affected by many factors, including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets and the timing and amount of income tax payments. We account for tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in accordance with the accounting standard relating to the uncertainty in income taxes, which requires the use of a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We review and adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits based on our best judgment given the facts, circumstances and information available at each reporting date. To the extent that the final outcome of these tax positions is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may impact income tax expense and actual tax payments. We recognize any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Actual tax payments may materially differ from estimated liabilities as a result of changes in tax laws as well as unanticipated transactions impacting related income tax balances. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Our Property, plant and equipment balance represents a significant component of our consolidated assets. We record property, plant and equipment at cost. We depreciate property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets. The estimated useful life is subject to change due to a variety of factors such as change in asset capacity or
47
Table of
Contents
performance, technical obsolescence, market expectations and competitive impacts. In connection with our ongoing review of the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment during 2024, we determined that the estimated useful life of our property, plant and equipment would remain unchanged. We expect that a one year increase in estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment would result in a decrease to our 2024 depreciation expense of $2.4 billion and that a one year decrease would result in an increase of approximately $3.6 billion in our 2024 depreciation expense.
Accounts