million. See Note 5 for additional information. No required qualified pension plans contributions are expected through December 31, 2025. No significant changes are expected with respect to the nonqualified pension and other postretirement benefit plans contributions in 2025.
Remeasurement gain, net
During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we recorded a net pre-tax remeasurement gain of $
73
million in our pension plans due to a net pre-tax settlement gain of $
200
million resulting from the pension annuitization transaction discussed above, partially offset by a net pre-tax remeasurement loss of $
127
million triggered by settlements. The net pre-tax remeasurement loss recorded for the three months ended March 31, 2024, was primarily driven by a $
613
million charge resulting from the difference between our estimated and actual return on assets, partially offset by a credit of $
486
million due to changes in our discount rate assumption used to determine the current year liabilities of our pension plans.
24
Table of Contents
Equity
Changes in the components of Total equity were as follows:
Common Stock
Verizon did not repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock through its previously authorized share buyback program during the three months ended March 31, 2025. At March 31, 2025, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased by or on behalf of Verizon under our share buyback program was
100
million.
25
Table of Contents
Common stock has been used from time to time to satisfy some of the funding requirements of employee and shareholder plans, including
6.6
million shares of common stock issued from treasury stock during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The changes in the balances of Accumulated other comprehensive loss by component were as follows:
The amounts presented above in Net other comprehensive income (loss) are net of taxes. The amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges and unrealized gain (loss) on fair value hedges in the table above are included in Other income, net and Interest expense in our condensed consolidated statements of income. See Note 7 for additional information. The amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities and defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in the table above are included in Other income, net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. See Note 8 for additional information.
Reportable Segments
We have
two
reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units, Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on segment operating income, consistent with the chief operating decision maker's (CODM) assessment of segment performance.
The Company's CODM is the Chief Executive Officer. The CODM uses segment operating income to allocate resources (including employees, financial or