financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit.
As of December 31, 2024, there have been
no
drawings against the revolving credit facility since its inception.
(2)
During 2024, there were
no
drawings from these
facilities. During
2023, we drew down $
1.0
billion from these facilities. Borrowings under certain of these facilities are amortized semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed.
In March 2024, we amended our $
9.5
billion revolving credit facility to increase the capacity to $
12.0
billion and extended its maturity to 2028.
Non-Cash Transactions
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we financed, primarily through alternative financing arrangements, the purchase of approximately $
1.6
billion, $
1.3
billion and $
832
million, respectively, of long-lived assets consisting primarily of network equipment. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, $
2.5
billion and $
2.2
billion,
respectively, relating to these financing arrangements, including those entered into in prior years and liabilities assumed through acquisitions, remained outstanding. These purchases are non-cash financing activities and therefore are not reflected within Capital expenditures in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
Net Debt Extinguishment Gains (Losses)
During the years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2023,
we recorded net debt extinguishment gains of $
385
million and $
308
million, respectively. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we recorded net debt extinguishment losses of
$
1.1
billion. The net gains and losses are recorded in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income. The total non-cash debt
extinguishment
gains are reflected
within Other, net cash flow from operating activities,
and the total cash payments to extinguish the debt are reflected within Other, net cash flow from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
Guarantees
We guarantee the debentures of our operating telephone company subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2024, $
614
million aggregate principal amount of these obligations remained outstanding. Each guarantee will remain in place for the life of the obligation unless terminated pursuant to its terms, including the operating telephone company no longer being a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
Debt Covenants
We and our consolidated subsidiaries are in compliance with all of our restrictive covenants in our debt agreements.
The following table presents information about accounts receivable, net of allowances, recorded in our consolidated balance sheet:
(1)
Other receivables primarily include wireline and other