presented in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as Other current liabilities and Other liabilities.
Revenue recognized related to contract liabilities existing at January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2024 were $
4.6
billion and $
4.4
billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
The balances of contract assets and contract liabilities recorded in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows:
Contract Costs
Topic 606 requires the recognition of an asset for incremental costs to obtain a customer contract, which are then amortized to expense over the respective periods of expected benefit. We recognize an asset for incremental commission expenses paid to internal and external sales personnel and agents in conjunction with obtaining customer contracts. We only defer these costs when we have determined the commissions are incremental costs that would not have been incurred absent the customer contract and are expected to be recoverable. Costs to obtain a contract are amortized and recorded ratably as commission expense over the period representing the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate. Costs to obtain wireless contracts are amortized over both of our Consumer and Business customers' estimated upgrade cycles, as such costs are typically incurred each time a customer upgrades. Costs to obtain wireline contracts are amortized as expense over the estimated customer relationship period for our Consumer customers. Incremental costs to obtain wireline contracts for our Business customers are insignificant. Costs to obtain contracts are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense.
We also defer costs incurred to fulfill contracts that: (1) relate directly to the contract; (2) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy our performance obligation under the contract; and (3) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Contract fulfillment costs are expensed as we satisfy our performance obligations and recorded in Cost of services. These costs principally relate to direct costs that enhance our wireline business resources, such as costs incurred to install circuits.
We determine the amortization periods for our costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a customer contract at a portfolio level due to the similarities within these customer contract portfolios.
10
Table of Contents
Other costs, such as general costs or costs related to past performance obligations, are expensed as incurred.
Collectively, costs to obtain a contract and costs to fulfill a contract are referred to as deferred contract costs, and amortized over a
two
-to-
seven year
period. Deferred contract costs are classified as current or non-current within Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets, respectively.
The balances of deferred contract costs included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows:
For the three months ended March 31, 2025