definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the registrant's 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (Part III).
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table of Contents
Verizon Communications Inc. (the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries (together with the Company, collectively, Verizon), is one of the world’s leading providers of communications, technology, information and streaming products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers’ demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity and security.
We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Verizon Consumer Group (Consumer) and Verizon Business Group (Business).
Verizon Consumer Group
Our Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the United States (U.S.) under the Verizon family of brands and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our fifth-generation (5G) or fourth-generation (4G) Long-Term Evolution (LTE) networks as an alternative to traditional landline internet access. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios.
In 2024, the Consumer segment’s revenues were $102.9 billion, representing approximately 76% of Verizon’s consolidated revenues. As of December 31, 2024, Consumer had approximately 115 million wireless retail connections (including FWA), of which 83% are postpaid connections. In addition, at December 31, 2024, Consumer had approximately 10 million total broadband connections (which includes Fios internet, FWA and Digital Subscriber Line (DSL) connections), and approximately 3 million Fios video connections.
Verizon Business Group
Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including FWA broadband, data, video and advanced communication services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products. We provide these products and services to businesses, public sector customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and a subset of these products and services to customers around the world.
In 2024, the Business segment's revenues were $29.5 billion, representing approximately 22% of Verizon’s consolidated revenues. As of December 31, 2024, Business had approximately 31 million wireless