charge of $374 million predominately related to the decision to cease use of certain real estate assets and exit non-strategic portions of certain businesses as part of our continued transformation initiatives.
During 2023, we recorded pre-tax asset rationalization charges of $480 million. Asset rationalization charges of $155 million recorded during the second quarter of 2023 related to certain real estate and non-strategic assets that we made a decision to cease use of as part of our transformation initiatives. Asset rationalization charges of $325 million recorded during the fourth quarter of 2023 primarily related to Business network assets that we made a decision to cease use of as part of our continued transformation initiatives.
Legacy Legal Matter
During 2024, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $106 million associated with a litigation matter related to a legacy contract for the production of telephone directories in Costa Rica by a subsidiary of the Company.
Verizon Business Group Goodwill Impairment
During 2023, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $5.8 billion as a result of the annual goodwill impairment test performed in the fourth quarter. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" for additional information.
Legal Settlement
During 2023, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $100 million related to the settlement of a litigation matter regarding certain administrative fees.
Business Transformation Costs
During 2023, we recorded pre-tax charges of $176 million primarily related to costs incurred in connection with strategic partnership initiatives in our managed network support services for certain Business customers.
37
Table of
Contents
Non-Strategic Business Shutdown
During 2023, we recorded pre-tax charges of $179 million related to the shutdown of our BlueJeans business offering.
The telecommunications industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share. We believe that our high-quality networks and customer base in addition to our attractive offerings and value proposition differentiate us from our competitors and give us the ability to plan and manage through changing market conditions. We remain focused on executing on the fundamentals of the business: enhancing our networks, offering innovative services and products, growing and maintaining a high-quality customer base, and delivering strong financial and operating results. We also continue to focus on cost efficiencies in order to have flexibility to adjust to changes in the competitive and economic environments and increase shareholder value.
The U.S. wireless market has achieved a high penetration of smartphones, which reduces the opportunity for new phone connection growth for the industry. We expect the wireless industry's customer growth rate to moderate over time in comparison to historical growth rates, furthering competition for customers. Future revenue growth in the industry is