We own and operate one of the largest global fiber-optic networks in the world, providing connectivity to Business customers in more than 180 countries. Our global IP network includes long-haul, metro and submarine assets that enable and support international operations. In response to growing bandwidth demand, we have upgraded and increased our long-haul core fiber-based transport capacity as well as our IP network capacity and efficiency. We continue to build local fiber networks by adding fiber connectivity to premises, venues, cell tower locations and data centers.
•
Energy efficiency
– We strive to improve the energy efficiency of our networks, facilities and fleet. We are balancing increased energy needs from ongoing expansion and densification of our networks with initiatives to effectively manage energy consumption, including using more energy-efficient equipment, discontinuing or migrating legacy services and pursuing opportunities to use renewable energy sources.
Fios
Residential broadband service has seen significant growth in bandwidth demand over the past several years, and we believe that demand will continue to grow. We expect that the continued emergence of new video services, new data applications and the proliferation of IP devices in the home will continue to drive new network requirements for increased data speeds and throughput. We believe that the Passive Optical Network (PON) technology underpinning Fios positions us well to meet these demands in a cost-effective and efficient manner. We also continue to evolve the in-home broadband router element to bring new capability and improved performance, such as improved Wi-Fi, to our retail customers.
While deployed initially as a consumer broadband network, our Fios infrastructure is also experiencing more widespread application in the Business segment, especially as businesses increasingly migrate to ethernet-based access services.
In September 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. (Frontier), a U.S. provider of broadband internet and other communication services. Upon closing, this transaction is expected to enhance our fiber broadband footprint and provide opportunities for future Fios growth.
7
Table of Contents
Spectrum
The spectrum licenses we hold can be used for mobile and fixed wireless voice, video and data communications services. We are licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to provide these wireless services on the following low and mid-band spectrum in areas that collectively cover nearly all of the population of the U.S.: (i) the 700 MHz Upper C block, (ii) Cellular spectrum (850 MHz), (iii) Personal Communication Services (PCS) spectrum (1900 MHz), (iv) AWS 1 and AWS 3 bands (1700 MHz uplink and 2100 MHz downlink), and (v) the 3.7 GHz band (C-Band). We also hold spectrum licenses in the 28, Upper 37 and 39 GHz bands, known as millimeter wave spectrum, and utilize both Priority Access Licenses (PALs) and