are included in segment results and therefore are included in the chief operating decision maker's assessment of segment performance. See "Consolidated Results of Operations" for additional information regarding Corporate and other results.
24
Table of
Contents
Capital Expenditures and Investments
We continue to invest in our wireless networks, high-speed fiber and other advanced technologies to position ourselves at the center of growth trends for the future. During the year ended December 31, 2024, these investments included $17.1 billion for capital expenditures
.
See "Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities" and "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for additional information.
Global Networks and Technology
We consider the reliability, speed, capacity, coverage and security of our wireless network to be key factors in our continued success. We are evolving and transforming our networks to ensure our customers receive access to the best network possible. Over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. Our evolution to 5G with its new architecture allows us to simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements.
While we continue to improve our 5G wireless service coverage, we are also adding capacity and density to our networks. Network densification enables us to increase coverage, improve quality of service and add capacity to accommodate an increasing number of users.
In addition to enhancing our wireless service, our wireless mobility investments provide the foundation for our growing FWA broadband business. We are also continuing to expand our fiber-based networks, as customers increasingly value the ability to obtain wireless and wireline broadband services from the same provider. In September 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire Frontier as part of our fiber expansion strategy, and we expect to increase the capital expenditures we devote to our fiber networks in 2025.
In this section, we discuss our overall results of operations and highlight special items that are not included in our segment results. In "Segment Results of Operations," we review the performance of our two reportable segments in more detail. A detailed discussion of our 2022 results and year-over-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023.
Consolidated Operating Revenues
Consolidated operating revenues increased during 2024 compared to 2023
primarily due to revenue increases in our Consumer segment, partially offset by revenue decreases in our Business segment.
Revenues for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Segment Results of Operations."
Consolidated Operating Expenses
nm - not meaningful