credit metrics. A decrease in these ratings would likely increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. A severe disruption in the global financial markets could impact some of the financial institutions with which we do business, and such instability could also affect our access to financing.
Increases in costs for pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.
With approximately 99,600 employees and approximately 179,700 retirees as of December 31, 2024 eligible to participate in Verizon’s benefit plans, the costs of pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits have a significant impact on our profitability. Our costs of maintaining these plans, and the future funding requirements for these plans, are affected by several factors, including increases in healthcare costs, decreases in investment returns on funds held by our pension and other benefit plan trusts and changes in the discount rate and mortality assumptions used to calculate pension and other postretirement
18
Table of Contents
expenses. If we are unable to limit future increases in the costs of our benefit plans, those costs could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.
We are subject to risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions.
From time to time, we pursue mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, assets transfers and other strategic transactions that we believe may expand our business or are consistent with our strategy. We may also occasionally divest assets and businesses. Any such transaction entails certain risks and could present financial, managerial and operational challenges. If we are unable to consummate planned strategic transactions and successfully integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations, or if we are not able to achieve cost savings, synergies and other anticipated benefits of any such transaction, our business could be negatively affected. Divestitures may result in asset impairment and disposition charges, and loss of income from divested assets and businesses, or require continued financial involvement in the divested business for a period following the transaction, including through indemnification arrangements. In addition, strategic transactions may involve significant expenses, require additional financing or expose us to liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process or as a result of transaction-related litigation. These and other risks related to our mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions, including our pending acquisition of Frontier, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
None.
Cybersecurity Program
Verizon’s comprehensive cybersecurity program is designed to identify and protect against cybersecurity risks and to position Verizon to rapidly