contributions in the aggregate amount of $365 million to our qualified pension plans. During 2023, we made a discretionary contribution of $200 million to one of our qualified pension plans. During 2024 and 2023, we made contributions of $56 million and $52 million to our nonqualified pension plans, respectively.
Our overall investment strategy is to achieve a mix of assets that allows us to meet projected benefit payments while taking into consideration risk and return. In an effort to reduce the risk of our portfolio strategy and better align assets with liabilities, we have adopted a liability driven pension strategy that seeks to better match the interest rate sensitivity of the liability hedging assets with the interest rate sensitivity of the liability. We expect that the strategy will reduce the likelihood that assets will decline at a time when liabilities increase (referred to as liability hedging), with the goal to reduce the risk of underfunding to the plan and its participants and beneficiaries. Over time, as the asset allocation shifts to more liability hedging assets, this strategy will generally result in lower expected asset returns. For 2025, we expect no required qualified pension plan contributions and insignificant nonqualified pension plan contributions.
Contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans generally relate to payments for benefits on an as-incurred basis since these other postretirement benefit plans do not have funding requirements similar to the pension plans. We contributed $935 million and $936 million to our other postretirement benefit plans in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans are estimated to be approximately $726 million in 2025.
Leasing Arrangements
See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to leasing arrangements.
Guarantees
We guarantee the debentures of our operating telephone company subsidiaries. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
In connection with the execution of agreements for the sale of businesses and investments, Verizon ordinarily provides representations and warranties to the purchasers pertaining to a variety of nonfinancial matters, such as ownership of the securities being sold, as well as financial losses. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
As of December 31, 2024, letters of credit totaling approximately $816 million, which were executed in the normal course of business and support several financing arrangements and payment obligations to third parties, were outstanding. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Other Future Obligations
As of December 31, 2024, Verizon had 28 renewable energy purchase agreements with third parties for a total of approximately 3.7 gigawatts of anticipated renewable energy capacity across multiple states. See Note 16 to the