retail postpaid connections (including FWA) and approximately 2 million total broadband connections (which includes Fios internet, FWA and DSL connections).
Additional discussion of our reportable segments is included in Item 7 under the headings "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Overview" and "— Segment Results of Operations" and in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.
Wireless Services and Equipment
We provide a wide variety of wireless services to Consumer and Business customers on different service plan options.
Our Consumer Group offers customizable, personalized phone plans for retail customers, allowing them to design the plan that fits their needs, including access to their preferred content and services (which we call “perks”). We also offer plans for customers who want access to Verizon’s network at a lower price point, as well as discounts and special rate plans for qualifying customers.
Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Retail (non-wholesale) postpaid accounts primarily represent retail customers that are directly served and managed by Verizon and use Verizon branded services. A single account may include monthly wireless services for a variety of connected devices. Our postpaid service is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. Our prepaid service is offered only to Consumer customers and enables individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. As of December 31, 2024, we had 95 million postpaid connections and 20 million prepaid connections, representing approximately 83% and 17% of our Consumer wireless retail connections, respectively.
4
Table of Contents
Our Business customers can choose from a variety of plans with different features to meet their specific needs.
We also provide FWA broadband through our 5G or 4G LTE wireless networks to our Consumer and Business customers. FWA enables fixed broadband access using radio frequencies instead of cables and can be used to connect homes and businesses to the internet. As of December 31, 2024, we had nearly 4.6 million FWA broadband connections.
Consumer and Business offer several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches. Oftentimes, we offer promotional trade in offers to incentivize new customers or existing customer upgrades. Consumer wireless customers can acquire wireless equipment from us using device payment plans, which permit the customer to pay for the device in installments over time. Customers that activate service on devices purchased under the device payment program generally pay lower service fees as compared to those