and expectations. The market multiples approach reflects significant judgment involved in the selection of comparable public company multiples and benchmarks. The selection of companies and multiples is influenced by differences in growth and profitability, and volatility in market prices of peer companies. These valuation inputs are inherently judgmental, and an adverse change in one or a combination of these inputs could result in a goodwill impairment.
During the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment for our Consumer reporting unit. Our qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our Consumer reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment.
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our Consumer reporting unit in accordance with our policy. We applied a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method reflecting current assumptions and inputs, including our revised projections, discount rate and expected growth rates. Our assessment indicated that the fair value of our Consumer reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. In the event of a 10% decline in the fair value of our Consumer reporting unit, the fair value of the Consumer reporting unit would have still exceeded its book value. We do not believe reasonable changes in significant assumptions would change the outcome to this quantitative assessment. For instance, if either the terminal value growth rate declined by 50 bps or if the discount rate increased by 50 bps, the fair value of our Consumer reporting unit would still exceed its carrying value.
During the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our Business reporting unit given the low excess of fair value over carrying value identified in our 2022 annual impairment assessment and increased competitive and market pressures experienced throughout 2023. These pressures resulted in lower projected cash flows primarily driven by secular declines in wireline services and products across our Business customer groups. In connection with Verizon’s annual budget process in the fourth quarter of 2023, leadership completed a comprehensive five-year strategic planning review of our Business reporting unit resulting in declines in financial projections driven by market dynamics as compared to the prior year five-year strategic planning cycle. The revised projections were used as a key input into the Business reporting unit’s annual goodwill impairment test performed in the fourth quarter of 2023. In addition, changes in the macroeconomic environment, including interest rate and inflationary pressures also impacted the fair value of the reporting unit. We applied a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method reflecting current assumptions and