discount rate used, the long-term rate of return on plan assets, the determination of the substantive plan and health care trend rates are periodically updated and impact the amount of benefit plan income,
46
Table of
Contents
expense, assets and obligations. Changes to one or more of these assumptions could significantly impact our accounting for pension and other postretirement benefits.
In determining pension and other postretirement obligations, the weighted-average discount rate was selected to approximate the composite interest rates available on a selection of high-quality bonds available in the market at December 31, 2024. The bonds selected had maturities that coincided with the time periods during which benefit payments are expected to occur, were non-callable (or callable with certain selection criteria met) and available in sufficient quantities to ensure marketability (at least $300 million par outstanding). Bond yields are subject to uncertainty for a number of reasons including corporate performance, credit rating downgrades and upgrades, government fiscal policy decisions, and general market volatility. The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets used in determining Verizon’s pension and other postretirement obligations are based on expectations for future investment returns for the plans’ asset allocation. The rates are subject to uncertainty for a number of reasons including corporate performance, credit ratings, monetary policy, inflation, exchange rates, investor behavior and general market volatility.
A sensitivity analysis of the impact of changes in the discount rate and the long-term rate of return on plan assets on the benefit obligations and expense (income) recorded, as well as an increase or a decrease in the actual versus expected return on plan assets as of December 31, 2024 and for the year then ended pertaining to Verizon’s pension and postretirement benefit plans, is provided in the table below. The amounts in the table below related to discount rate changes are gross impacts on benefit obligations and expense, and do not reflect changes in asset values as a result of interest rate changes, for which our pension plan is highly hedged.
In addition to our liability hedging assets, we also employ an interest rate hedging strategy to further minimize the impact of discount rate changes on the funded ratio of the pension plan. While the target hedge ratio varies depending on the funded status of the plan and the level of interest rates, the target hedge ratio was 60% at December 31, 2024, limiting volatility.
The annual measurement date for both our pension and other postretirement benefits is December 31. We use the full yield curve approach to estimate the interest cost component of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits. The full yield curve approach refines our estimate of interest cost by applying the individual spot rates from a yield curve composed of the rates of