Company. Ms. Stillwell joined Verizon in August 2020 as Vice President - Accounting & External Reporting and began serving in her current role in May 2023. Prior to joining Verizon, Ms. Stillwell spent 17 years in senior leadership roles in the energy industry, including Chief Accounting Officer of Clearway Energy, Inc. from 2018 until 2020, and, prior to that, Vice President and Assistant Controller for NRG Energy, Inc.
For other information required by this item, see the sections entitled "Governance — Item 1: Election of Directors — Election process and — Nominees for election,  — Our governance framework — Board committees — Audit Committee, — Other risk-related matters — Business conduct and ethics and — Insider trading policy, and — Where to find more information" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which are incorporated herein by reference.
108
Table of
Contents
For information with respect to executive compensation, see the sections entitled "Governance — Non-employee Director compensation" and "Executive compensation — Compensation discussion and analysis, — Compensation Committee Report and — Compensation tables" (excluding information under "— Pay versus performance") in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which are incorporated by reference herein. There were no relationships to be disclosed under paragraph (e)(4) of Item 407 of Regulation S-K.
For information with respect to the security ownership of certain beneficial owners, the directors and executive officers, see the section entitled "Stock ownership — Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.
The following table provides information as of December 31, 2024 for (i) all equity compensation plans previously approved by the Company’s shareholders, and (ii) all equity compensation plans not previously approved by the Company’s shareholders. Since May 4, 2017, the Company has only issued awards under the 2017 Verizon Communications. Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (2017 LTIP), which provides for awards of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance stock units and other equity-based hypothetical stock units to employees of Verizon. No new awards are permitted to be issued under any other equity compensation plan. In accordance with SEC rules, the table does not include outstanding awards that are payable solely in cash by the terms of the award, and such awards do not reduce the number of shares remaining for issuance under the 2017 LTIP.