information that is regularly provided to the CODM. Intersegment expenses are included within the amounts shown.
(5)
Centrally managed network and shared service costs include costs for network and leased assets, supply chain and other centralized services that are allocated to our Consumer and Business segments based on proportionate usage of services.
(6)
Other segment expenses for each reportable segment include certain personnel, digital content, sales-related, overhead, other direct and operating costs.
The following table provides Fios revenue for our
two
reportable segments and includes intersegment activity:
27
Table of Contents
The following table provides Wireless service revenue for our
two
reportable segments and includes intersegment activity:
Wireless service revenue reflects the reclassification of recurring device protection and insurance related plan revenues from Other revenue into Wireless service revenue in the first quarter of 2025.
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Information
The reconciliation of segment operating revenues and operating income to consolidated operating revenues and operating income below includes the effects of special items that the CODM does not consider in assessing segment performance, primarily because of their nature.
A reconciliation of the reportable segments' operating revenues to consolidated operating revenues is as follows:
A reconciliation of the total reportable segments' operating income to consolidated income before provision for income taxes is as follows:
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our total operating revenues during the three months ended March 31, 2025 or 2024.
The CODM does not review disaggregated assets on a segment basis; therefore, such information is not presented. Depreciation and amortization included in the measure of segment profitability is primarily allocated based on proportional usage, and is included within Total reportable segments operating income.
We maintain a voluntary supplier finance program with a financial institution which provides certain suppliers the option, at their sole discretion, to participate in the program and sell their receivables due from Verizon to the financial institution on a non-recourse basis. As of
March 31, 2025
and December 31, 2024, $
619
million and $
772
million, respectively, remained as confirmed obligations outstanding related to suppliers participating in the supplier finance program.
In the ordinary course of business, Verizon is involved in various litigation and regulatory proceedings at the state and federal level. Where it is determined, in consultation with counsel based on litigation and settlement risks, that a loss is probable and estimable in a given matter, Verizon establishes an accrual. In none of the currently pending matters is the amount of accrual material. An estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amounts already accrued cannot be made at this time