obligations for these leases, but have not recognized an operating lease right-of-use asset or an operating lease liability since they have not yet commenced.
74
Table of
Contents
Outstanding long-term debt obligations as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
N/A - not applicable
(1)
For the period ending December 2024, the debt obligations bore interest at floating rates, including floating rates associated with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) for the interest period plus an applicable interest margin per annum. Floating rates associated with SOFR for the interest payments made in December 2024 ranged from
4.598
% to
5.556
%.
(2)
Finance lease and vendor financing obligations are part of alternative financing arrangements.
Maturities of long-term debt (secured and unsecured) outstanding, including current maturities, excluding finance lease obligations and unamortized debt issuance costs, at December 31, 2024 are as follows:
During 2024, we received $
15.6
billion of proceeds from long-term borrowings, which included $
12.4
billion of proceeds from asset-backed debt transactions. The net proceeds were primarily used for general corporate purposes including the repayment of debt and the funding of certain renewable energy projects. We used $
20.3
billion of cash to repay and repurchase long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations, including $
8.5
billion to prepay and repay asset-backed, long-term borrowings. The net proceeds of approximately $
1.0
billion from the notes issued in 2024 are expected to be used to fund certain renewable energy projects.
During 2023, we received $
8.6
billion of proceeds from long-term borrowings, which included $
6.6
billion of proceeds from asset-backed debt transactions. The net proceeds were primarily used for general corporate purposes including the repayment of debt and the funding of certain renewable energy projects. We used $
10.6
billion of cash to repay and repurchase long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations, including $
4.4
billion to prepay and repay asset-backed, long-term borrowings. The net proceeds of approximately $
1.0
billion from the notes issued in 2023 were used to fund certain renewable energy projects.
75
Table of
Contents
2024 Significant Debt Transactions
Debt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility
.
The following tables show the significant transactions involving the senior unsecured debt securities of the Company and its subsidiaries that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Exchange Offers
(1)
The principal amount issued in exchange does not include either an insignificant amount of cash paid in lieu of the issuance of fractional new notes or accrued and unpaid interest paid on the old notes accepted for exchange to the date of exchange.
(2)
The debt exchange offers above meet the criteria to be accounted