receivables, of which the allowances are individually insignificant.
80
Table of
Contents
Included in Other assets and Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2024 are net device payment plan agreement receivables, net wireless service receivables and net other receivables of $
29.9
billion, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our consolidated balance sheet. Included in Other Assets and Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2023 are net device payment plan agreement receivables and net wireless service receivables of $
26.1
billion, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our consolidated balance sheet. Included in Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are net other receivables of $
1.2
billion and $
911
million, respectively, on which a participation interest has been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7 for additional information. We believe the carrying value of these receivables approximate their fair value using a Level 3 expected cash flow model.
Under the Verizon device payment program, our eligible wireless customers purchase wireless devices under a device payment plan agreement. Customers that activate service on devices purchased under the device payment program generally pay lower service fees as compared to those under our fixed-term service plans, and their device payment plan charge is included on their wireless monthly bill. While we no longer offer Consumer customers fixed-term subsidized service plans for devices, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program.
Wireless Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables
The following table displays both the current and non-current portions of device payment plan agreement receivables, net, recognized in our consolidated balance sheets:
(1)
Includes allowance for both short-term and long-term device payment plan agreement receivables.
For indirect channel wireless contracts with customers, we impute risk adjusted interest on the device payment plan agreement receivables. We record the imputed interest as a reduction to the related accounts receivable. The associated interest income, which is included within Service revenues and other in our consolidated statements of income, is recognized over the financed device payment term.
Promotions
In connection with certain device payment plan agreements, we may offer a promotion to allow our customers to upgrade to a new device after paying down a certain specified portion of the required device payment plan agreement amount as well as trading in their device in good working order. When a customer enters into a device payment plan agreement with the right to upgrade to a new device, we account for this trade-in