certain items not directly related to our core operations, including interest income, debt extinguishment gains, components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost and income and certain foreign exchange gains and losses.
33
Table of Contents
Other income, net decreased during the
three
months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar
period
in 2024 primarily due to a decrease
of $94 million in other components of net periodic benefit cost primarily driven by lower plan assets on which to earn expected returns in our pension and postretirement plans compared to the prior year along with a net pension remeasurement gain in 2024 that did not reoccur, partially offset by a decrease in interest costs.
See Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information on the other components of net periodic benefit cost.
Interest Expense
(1)
The average debt outstanding is a financial measure and is calculated by applying a simple average of prior months end balances of total short-term and long-term debt, net of discounts, premiums and unamortized debt issuance costs.
(2)
The effective interest rate is the rate of actual interest incurred on debt. It is calculated by dividing the total interest costs on debt balances by the average debt outstanding.
(3)
We believe that this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our debt financing cost and trends in our debt leverage management.
Total interest expense remained relatively flat during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024.
Provision for Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate is calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by income before the provision for income taxes. The increase in the provision for income taxes during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 was primarily due to the increase in income before income taxes in the current period. The increase in the effective income tax rate during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 was primarily due to higher tax benefits from the favorable resolution of various income tax matters in the prior period.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits
Unrecognized tax benefits were $2.6 billion at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were $649 million (after-tax) and $684 million (after-tax) at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Verizon and/or its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. As a large taxpayer, we are under audit by the Internal Revenue Service and multiple state and foreign jurisdictions for various open tax years.
Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
Consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense