due to a decrease of $144 million in personnel costs related to the impact of workforce changes primarily due to the voluntary separation program that was announced in June of 2024 and completed in March of 2025.
Depreciation and Amortization Expense
Depreciation and amortization expense decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 driven by the change in the mix of total Verizon depreciable and amortizable assets and Business's usage of those assets.
42
Table of Contents
Segment Operating Income and EBITDA
The changes in the table above during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with Business operating revenues and operating expenses.
Special items included in Income Before Provision For Income Taxes were as follows:
(1)
Amounts are included in segment results of operations.
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure discussed in the section titled "Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" as part of Consolidated Results of Operations, excludes all of the amounts included above.
The income and expenses related to special items included in our condensed consolidated results of operations were as follows:
Amortization of Acquisition-Related Intangible Assets
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recorded pre-tax amortization expense of $190 million and $221 million, respectively, related to acquired intangible assets.
Legacy Legal Matter
During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $106 million associated with a litigation matter related to a legacy contract for the production of telephone directories in Costa Rica by a subsidiary of the Company.
43
Table of Contents
We use the net cash generated from our operations to invest in new businesses and spectrum, fund expansion and modernization of our networks, pay dividends, service and repay external financing and, when appropriate, buy back shares of our outstanding common stock. Our sources of funds, primarily from operations and, to the extent necessary, from external financing arrangements, are sufficient to meet ongoing operating and investing requirements over the next 12 months and beyond.
Our cash and cash equivalents are held both domestically and internationally, and are invested to maintain principal and provide liquidity. See "Market Risk" for additional information regarding our foreign currency risk management strategies.
We expect that our capital spending requirements will continue to be financed primarily through internally generated funds. Debt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities, including, for example, to complete our acquisition of Frontier, or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility. Our external financing arrangements include credit