rate risk related to non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries. At both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was insignificant. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the total notional amount of the foreign exchange forwards was $730 million and $620 million, respectively.
Spectrum License Transactions
From time to time, we enter into agreements to buy, sell or exchange spectrum licenses. We believe these spectrum license transactions have allowed us to continue to enhance the reliability of our wireless network while also resulting in a more efficient use of spectrum.
In February 2021, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) concluded Auction 107 for C-Band wireless spectrum. In accordance with the rules applicable to the auction, Verizon is required to make payments for our allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction, which are estimated to be $7.5 billion. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we made payments of $269 million for obligations related to clearing costs and accelerated clearing incentives. The carrying value of the wireless spectrum won in Auction 107 consists of all payments required to participate and purchase licenses in the auction, including Verizon's allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction that we are obligated to pay in order to acquire the licenses, as well as capitalized interest to the extent qualifying activities have occurred.
On October 17, 2024, Verizon entered into a license purchase agreement to acquire select spectrum licenses of United States Cellular Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries (UScellular) for total consideration of $1.0 billion, subject to certain potential adjustments. The closing of this transaction is subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and other closing conditions, including the consummation of UScellular's proposed sale of its wireless operations and select spectrum assets to T-Mobile US, Inc., and the termination of certain post-closing arrangements with respect to that sale.
Frontier Communications Parent, Inc.
On September 4, 2024, Verizon entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) to acquire Frontier, a U.S. provider of broadband internet and other communication services. The transaction is structured as a merger of the Company's subsidiary with and into Frontier, as a result of which Frontier will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and shares of Frontier common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of merger (subject to certain limited exceptions) will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a per share merger consideration of $38.50, in cash. In November 2024, Frontier shareholders