brands significantly contribute to the success of our business and our relationships with our customers, employees and other stakeholders.
Our reputation and brands could be negatively affected by a number of factors, including actual or alleged quality or reliability issues related to our services and products; cybersecurity incidents and data breaches; allegations of legal noncompliance; litigation or regulatory activity; incidents involving unethical behavior or misconduct; material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting; safety, human rights, workplace or labor issues; environmental incidents or impacts; allegations related to the safety of our products, services and equipment; governance issues; our sustainability goals and practices; our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social and other sensitive matters; the conduct of our employees, representatives or partners; activists’ campaigns; negative sentiment about us shared over social media or the press; and other issues, incidents, or statements that, whether based on actual or perceived circumstances, result in adverse publicity. In addition, changes to the content standards of social media platforms could impact our marketing and advertising initiatives on such platforms and increase risks related to our brand.
Damage to our reputation and brands could undermine our customers’ confidence in us and reduce demand for our products and services, which could result in decreased revenue and adversely affect our business and financial results. If our reputation or brands are damaged, it could also attract regulatory scrutiny, increase litigation risks, affect our ability to attract and retain top talent, and reduce investor confidence in us.
Public health crises could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are subject to risks related to public health crises, which have in the past, and may in the future, have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. For example, in 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting policies, initiatives and impacts, along with the related global slowdown in economic activity, resulted in our decreased revenues, increased costs and lower earnings per share. Negative effects of a public health crisis may include, but are not limited to, closure of our retail stores, impacts on customers' use of our networks, products and services and their ability to pay for them, employees' health and safety concerns, limitation of customer-focused field operations, and vendor and supply chain disruptions. In addition, such a crisis could significantly increase the probability or consequences of the risks our business faces in ordinary circumstances, such as risks associated with our supplier and vendor relationships, risks of an economic slowdown, regulatory risks, and the costs and availability of financing.
Changes in the regulatory framework under which we