fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments and fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral arising from derivative instruments recognized at fair value. At March 31, 2025, we did
no
t hold any collateral. At March 31, 2025, we posted $
1.6
billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange agreements, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2024, we did
no
t hold any collateral. At December 31, 2024, we posted $
2.1
billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange agreements, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our condensed consolidated balance sheet.
While we may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance of our counterparties, we consider the risk remote and do not expect that any such nonperformance would result in a significant effect on our results of operations or financial condition due to our diversified pool of counterparties.
We maintain non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for certain employees. In addition, we maintain postretirement health care and life insurance plans for certain retirees and their dependents, which are both contributory and non-contributory, and include a limit on our share of the cost for certain current and future retirees. In accordance with our accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefits, operating expenses include service costs associated with pension and other postretirement benefits while other credits and/or charges based on actuarial assumptions, including projected discount rates, an estimated return on plan assets, and impact from health care trend rates are reported in Other income, net. These estimates are updated in the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event, to reflect actual return on plan assets and updated actuarial assumptions. The adjustment is recognized in the income statement during the fourth quarter and upon a remeasurement event pursuant to our accounting policy for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses.
22
Table of Contents
Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income)
The following table summarizes the components of net periodic benefit cost (income) related to our pension and postretirement health care and life insurance plans:
The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost (income) is recorded in Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income while the other components, including mark-to-market adjustments, if any, are recorded in Other income, net.
Pension Annuitization
On February 29, 2024, we entered into
two
separate commitment agreements, one by and between the Company, State Street Global Advisors Trust Company (State Street), as independent fiduciary of the Verizon Management Pension Plan and Verizon Pension Plan for Associates