priorities, geographic expansion of wireline and wireless networks, establishment of key financial and operational targets, pricing decisions, branding matters and people management.
Our segments and their principal activities consist of the following:
99
Table of
Contents
Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups for these offerings: Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Other, and Wholesale.
Corporate and other primarily includes device insurance programs, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated or used in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results and therefore included in the CODM’s assessment of segment performance.
The following tables provide operating financial information for our
two
reportable segments:
(1)
Other revenue includes fees that partially recover the direct and indirect costs of complying with regulatory and industry obligations and programs, revenues associated with certain products included in our device protection offerings, leasing and interest recognized when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.
(2)
Service and other revenues and Wireless equipment revenues included in our Business segment amounted to approximately $
25.9
billion and $
3.6
billion, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2024.
(3)
The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the CODM. Intersegment expenses are included within the amounts shown.
(4)
Centrally managed network and shared service costs include costs for network and leased assets, supply chain and other centralized services that are allocated to our Consumer and Business segments based on proportionate usage of services.
(5)
Other segment expenses for each reportable segment include certain personnel, digital content, sales-related, overhead, other direct and operating costs.
100
Table of
Contents
(1)
Other revenue includes fees that partially recover the direct and indirect costs of complying with regulatory and industry obligations and programs, revenues associated with certain products