condition.
The development and maintenance of systems to prevent and detect cyberattacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating to address the increasing prevalence and sophistication of cyberattacks.  In addition, due to the sophistication of threat actors, an attack may persist for an extended period of time before it is detected, and it may be difficult and time consuming to ascertain the extent of an attack once detected.
While none of the cyberattacks to which we have been subject to date have been material to Verizon's operations or financial condition, there can be no guarantee that we will not experience a material cyberattack in the future. The actions we take to reduce the risks associated with cyberattacks, including protecting our systems and networks, may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a cyberattack in the future.
Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, acts of war, terrorist or other hostile acts could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations.
Our business operations are subject to interruption by power outages, acts of war, terrorist or other hostile acts, natural disasters or the potential impacts of climate change, including the increasing prevalence and intensity of hurricanes, wildfires, flooding, hail and storms. Such events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure upon which our business operations rely, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers, as well as significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate to sustain our operations through all such events. We are implementing, and will continue to implement, measures to protect our infrastructure and operations from the impacts of these events in the future, but these measures and our overall disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. These events could also damage the infrastructure of the suppliers that provide us with the equipment and services that we need to operate our business and provide products to our customers. These occurrences could result in lost revenues from business interruption, damage to our reputation and reduced profits.
We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide services and equipment that we need to operate our business.
We depend on various key suppliers and vendors to provide us, directly or through other suppliers, with equipment and services, such as fiber, switch and network equipment, smartphones and other wireless devices, customer service support and other services that we need in order to operate our business. For example, our smartphone and other device suppliers often rely on one vendor for the manufacture and supply of critical components, such as chipsets, used in their devices, and there are a limited number of companies capable of supplying the network infrastructure equipment on which we depend.
Our