General Authorized Access (GAA) in the 3.5 GHz band (Citizens Broadband Radio Service).
We anticipate that demand for spectrum will continue to increase over time, driven by growth in customer connections and the increased usage of wireless broadband services that use more bandwidth and require faster rates of speed, as well as the wider deployment of 5G mobile and fixed services. We expect to meet the demand for 5G and 4G spectrum needs with our existing spectrum assets. If demand continues to increase or if new spectrum is required for a future generation of technology, we can meet that demand by acquiring licenses or leasing spectrum from other licensees, or by acquiring new spectrum licenses from the FCC, if and when future FCC spectrum auctions occur.
From time to time we have exchanged spectrum licenses with other wireless service providers through secondary market swap transactions. We expect to continue to pursue similar opportunities to trade spectrum licenses in order to meet capacity and expansion needs in the future. We also gain access to spectrum through cross-lease transactions. In certain cases, we have entered into intra-market spectrum swaps designed to increase the amount of contiguous spectrum within frequency bands in a specific market. Contiguous spectrum improves network performance and efficiency. These swaps, as well as any spectrum purchases, require us to obtain governmental approvals.
Information regarding spectrum license transactions, including our pending acquisition of select spectrum licenses of United States Cellular Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries, is presented in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.
The telecommunications industry is highly competitive. The rapid development of new technologies, services and products has eliminated many of the distinctions among wireless, cable, internet and traditional telephone services and brought new competitors to our markets. We expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share.
Competitive factors within the telecommunications industry include, among others, network reliability, speed, capacity and coverage; pricing and promotional strategies; the quality of customer service; marketing, sales and distribution capabilities; development of new and enhanced products and services; the ability to anticipate and respond to various factors and trends affecting our industry; the availability of capital resources; and regulatory changes.
Competition remains intense as a result of various factors, including aggressive pricing, increased levels of promotions and service plan discounts, and offerings that include additional bundled premium content or other perks, in some cases specifically targeting Verizon customers. Competition may increase as smaller, stand-alone wireless service providers merge or transfer licenses to larger, better capitalized wireless service