while we expect to continue to operate in a highly competitive environment, we are making improvements to achieve long-term growth.
We expect to continue to grow our Fios internet connections as we seek to expand availability of Fios, increase our penetration rates within our Fios service areas, and experience continued strong demand for higher speed internet connections. Our pending acquisition of Frontier is expected to enhance our fiber broadband footprint and provide opportunities for future growth. At the same time, we expect continued growth of FWA connections to complement strong Fios results as demand for broadband services continues to grow.
In Fios video, the business continues to face ongoing pressure as observed throughout the linear television market. We have experienced continuing access line and DSL losses as customers have switched to alternative technologies such as wireless, VoIP, and cable for voice and data services, and we expect this trend to continue.
In our Business segment, we offer wireless products and services to business and public sector customers across the U.S. We continue to grow our connections while operating in a highly competitive environment. We expect that this connection growth, combined with our industry-leading network assets, will provide additional opportunities to sell solutions, such as those around security, private networking and other network connectivity services, advanced communications and professional services.
38
Table of
Contents
In addition, in both our Consumer and our Business segments, we expect to support connection growth in part by adding capacity and further expanding our wireless coverage, and by continuing the build-out and densification of our 5G network.
Service Revenue Trends
In our Consumer segment, we expect continued growth in our wireless service revenue, driven by targeted pricing actions, migrations to higher priced plans, increased offering of perks, and increases in FWA connections and revenue, offset in part by higher promotion amortization impacts in 2025. Our efforts to maintain and grow our customer base and make improvements to our prepaid business, if successful, are also expected to benefit our wireless service revenue. We expect Fios revenue to benefit from growth in our Fios customer base and an ongoing demand for higher speed internet connections, which offsets the impact of the shift from bundled wireline services to standalone internet service.
In our Business segment, we expect wireless service revenue to expand, driven by growth from an increase in wireless volumes and strong FWA revenue. We expect that Fios, through increased penetration, will also contribute to revenue growth and that legacy traditional wireline services will continue to face secular pressures.
Other Trends
We are focused on achieving profitable growth as we continue to deliver strong revenues and undertake initiatives to reduce costs and improve efficiencies, including through AI-driven