requirements.
19
Table of Contents
Verizon has a comprehensive enterprise cybersecurity incident response plan, which is activated in the event of a cybersecurity incident. The plan is a detailed playbook that specifies how Verizon classifies, responds to, and recovers from cybersecurity incidents and includes notification procedures that vary depending on the significance of the incident. When warranted by the severity of the incident, our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and other senior executives are part of the notification chain.
Integrated Cybersecurity Risk Management
Verizon’s Senior Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has responsibility for the management of cybersecurity risks at Verizon. The CISO and her team are responsible for Verizon’s information security strategy, policy, standards, architecture and processes.
The CISO brings nearly two decades of cybersecurity experience to her work at Verizon. Prior to joining Verizon, she held executive-level cybersecurity roles at other large public companies, where she was responsible for cybersecurity strategy and operations, including incident response, threat intelligence, security services, architecture, commercial operational technology security, and regulatory and compliance matters.
Verizon effectuates cybersecurity management by providing for close cooperation among the CISO’s team and other teams within the company, as well as by integrating cybersecurity risk into Verizon’s overall enterprise risk management structures and processes. Each of our business units and certain functional groups have a Business Information Security Officer, who is an integral member of that unit or group, but reports to the CISO. This structure provides the CISO with line of sight across the enterprise. The CISO and members of her leadership team also meet regularly with business unit senior leaders, including the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the Chief Human Resources Officer, to discuss business priorities, emerging threats and trends, and the performance of the cybersecurity program.
The Verizon Executive Security Council (VESC) oversees and evaluates the work of the CISO and their team. The VESC is jointly chaired by the head of Verizon Global Services and the President of Global Networks and Technology and includes Verizon’s Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Senior Vice President of Internal Audit and senior executives in business and technology functions. The VESC provides oversight of all aspects of Verizon’s cybersecurity program and, at regular intervals throughout the year, evaluates key cybersecurity metrics as well as planned and ongoing initiatives to reduce cybersecurity risks.
Verizon’s Management Audit Committee (VMAC), which includes our CFO, Senior Vice President of Internal Audit and other senior executives, is responsible for overseeing components of our overall risk management strategy. The VMAC receives quarterly updates from the CISO