consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Critical Accounting Estimates
A summary of the critical accounting estimates used in preparing our financial statements are as follows:
Wireless Licenses and Goodwill
Wireless licenses and goodwill are a significant component of our consolidated assets. Both our wireless licenses and goodwill are treated as indefinite-lived intangible assets and, therefore are not amortized, but rather are tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter, unless there are events requiring an earlier assessment or changes in circumstances during an interim period suggesting impairment indicators are present. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and represent appropriate marketplace considerations as of the valuation date. Although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates and assumptions are uncertain by nature, may change over time and can vary from actual results. It is possible that in the future there may be changes in our estimates and assumptions, including the timing and amount of future cash flows, margins, growth rates, market participant assumptions, comparable benchmark companies and related multiples and discount rates, which could result in different fair value estimates. Significant and adverse changes to any one or more of the above-noted estimates and assumptions could result in an impairment to our wireless licenses and goodwill impairment for one or more of our reporting units.
44
Table of
Contents
Wireless Licenses
The carrying value of our wireless licenses was approximately $156.6 billion as of December 31, 2024. We aggregate our wireless licenses into one single unit of accounting, as we utilize our wireless licenses on an integrated basis as part of our nationwide wireless network. Our wireless licenses provide us with the exclusive right to utilize certain radio frequency spectrum to provide wireless communication services. There are currently no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the useful life of our wireless licenses.
We test our wireless licenses for potential impairment annually or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. We have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. However, we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. It is our policy to perform quantitative impairment assessment at least every three years.
Our quantitative impairment assessment consisted of comparing the estimated fair value of our aggregate wireless licenses to the aggregated carrying amount as of the test date. Under our quantitative assessment, we estimated the fair value of our wireless licenses using the Greenfield