stated at cost, which approximates quoted market value and includes amounts held in money market funds.
Cash collections on the receivables and on the underlying receivables related to the participation interest collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash.
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash are included in the following line items in the consolidated balance sheets:
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities
Investments in equity securities that are not accounted for under equity method accounting or result in consolidation are to be measured at fair value. For investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, Verizon elects the measurement alternative permitted under GAAP to measure these investments at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. For investments in debt securities without quoted prices, Verizon uses an alternative matrix pricing method. Investments in equity securities that do not result in consolidation of the investee are included in Investments in unconsolidated businesses and debt securities are included in Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
Allowance for Credit Losses
Accounts receivable are recorded at amortized cost less an allowance for credit losses that are not expected to be recovered. The gross amount of accounts receivable and corresponding allowance for credit losses are presented separately in the consolidated balance sheets. We maintain allowances for credit losses resulting from the expected failure or inability of our customers to make required payments. We recognize the allowance for credit losses at inception and reassess quarterly based on management’s expectation of the asset’s collectability. The allowance is based on multiple factors including historical experience with bad debts, the credit quality of the customer base, the aging of such receivables and current macroeconomic conditions, as well as management’s expectations of conditions in the future, as applicable. Our allowance for credit losses is based on management’s assessment of the collectability of assets pooled together with similar risk characteristics.
We pool our device payment plan agreement receivables based on the credit quality indicators and shared risk characteristics of "new customers" and "existing customers." New customers are defined as customers who have been with Verizon for less than
210
days. Existing customers are defined as customers who have been with Verizon for
210
days or more. We record an allowance to reduce the receivables to the amount that is expected to be collectible. For device payment plan agreement receivables, we record bad debt expense based on a default and loss calculation using our