transactions primarily to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, treasury rate locks, interest rate caps, swaptions and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes.
The following table sets forth the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments:
The following tables summarize the activities of our designated derivatives:
86
Table of
Contents
The following table displays the amounts recorded in Long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for our interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges. The cumulative amounts exclude cumulative basis adjustments related to foreign exchange risk.
Interest Rate Swaps
We enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. We record the interest rate swaps at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets as assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded to Interest expense, which are primarily offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged debt due to changes in interest rates.
Cross Currency Swaps
We have entered into cross currency swaps to exchange our British Pound Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars and to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges. We record the cross currency swaps at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets as assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the cross currency swaps attributable to changes in the spot rate of the hedged item and changes in the recorded value of the hedged debt due to changes in spot rates are recorded in the same income statement line item. We present exchange gains and losses from the conversion of foreign currency denominated debt as a part of Interest expense. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, these amounts completely offset each other and no net gain or loss was recorded.
Changes in the fair value of cross currency swaps attributable to time value and cross currency basis spread are initially recorded to Other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized gains or losses on excluded components are recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized into Interest expense on a systematic and rational basis through the swap accrual over the life of the hedging instrument.
On