three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily due to an increase of $66 million in advertising costs related to various marketing campaigns in the first quarter of 2025.
Depreciation and Amortization Expense
Depreciation and amortization expense increased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 driven by the change in the mix of total Verizon depreciable and amortizable assets and Consumer's usage of those assets.
39
Table of Contents
Segment Operating Income and EBITDA
The changes in the table above during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with Consumer operating revenues and operating expenses.
Verizon Business Group
Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including FWA broadband, data, video and advanced communication services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT services and products. We provide these products and services to businesses, public sector customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and a subset of these products and services to customers around the world. The Business segment is organized in three customer groups: Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Other, and Wholesale.
40
Table of Contents
Operating Revenues and Selected Operating Statistics
(1)
Service and other revenues included in our Business segment were approximately $6.4 billion and $6.5 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Wireless equipment revenues included in our Business segment were $866 million and $871 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(2)
Reflects the reclassification of recurring device protection and insurance related plan revenues from Other revenue into Wireless service revenue in the first quarter of 2025.
(3)
As of end of period.
Where applicable, the operating results reflect certain adjustments, including those related to the reclassification of connections associated with Verizon’s second number offering, migration activity among different types of devices and plans, customer profile changes, and adjustments in connection with mergers, acquisitions and divestitures. Where applicable, historical results have been recast to conform to the current period presentation.
nm - not meaningful
Business's total operating revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024 as a result of decreases in Enterprise and Public Sector and Wholesale revenues, partially offset by an increase in Business Markets and Other revenue.
Enterprise and Public Sector
Enterprise and Public Sector offers wireless products and services as well as wireline connectivity such as