inherent uncertainty of valuation, estimated fair values might differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the securities existed. These differences could be material.
Forward currency contracts, futures, and options are valued by the trustee at the exchange rates and market prices prevailing on the last business day of the year. Both exchange rates and market prices are readily available from published sources. These securities are classified by the asset class of the underlying holdings.
Hedge funds are valued by the custodian at NAV based on statements received from the investment manager. These funds are valued in accordance with the terms of their corresponding offering or private placement memoranda.
Commingled funds, hedge funds, venture capital, corporate finance, natural resource and real estate limited partnership investments for which fair value is measured using the NAV per share as a practical expedient are not leveled within the fair value hierarchy but are included in total investments.
Employer Contributions
In 2024, we made discretionary contributions in the aggregate amount of $
365
million to the Pension Plans, $
56
million of contributions to our nonqualified pension plans and $
935
million of contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans. For 2025, we expect no required qualified pension plan contributions and insignificant nonqualified pension plan contributions. Contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans are estimated to be approximately $
726
million in 2025.
95
Table of
Contents
Estimated Future Benefit Payments
The benefit payments to retirees are expected to be paid as follows:
Savings Plan and Employee Stock Ownership Plans
We maintain
four
leveraged employee stock ownership plans (ESOP). We match a certain percentage of eligible employee contributions to certain savings plans with shares of our common stock from this ESOP. At December 31, 2024, the number of allocated shares of common stock in this ESOP was
39
million. There were
no
unallocated shares of common stock in this ESOP at December 31, 2024. All leveraged ESOP shares are included in earnings per share computations.
Total savings plan costs were $
700
million in 2024, $
724
million in 2023 and $
620
million in 2022.
Severance Benefits
The following table provides an analysis of our severance liability:
Severance, Pension and Benefits Charges (Credits)
During 2024, we recorded net pre-tax severance charges of $
1.5
billion, p
rincipally as a result of our voluntary separation program, but also as a result of other headcount reduction initiatives,
in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income.
In June 2024, we announced a voluntary separation program for select U.S.-based management employees. Approximately
4,800
eligible employees will separate from Verizon under this program by the end of March 2025, with the majority of these employees having exited