accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued is included in Debt maturing within one year and Long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets.
See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Long-Term Credit Facilities
(1)
The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit.
As of December 31, 2024, there have been no drawings against the revolving credit facility since its inception.
(2)
During 2024, there were no drawings from these
facilities. During
2023, we drew down $1.0 billion from these facilities. Borrowings under certain of these facilities are amortized semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed.
In March 2024, we amended our $9.5 billion revolving credit facility to increase the capacity to $12.0 billion and extended its maturity to 2028.
42
Table of
Contents
Common Stock
Common stock has been used from time to time to satisfy some of the funding requirements of employee and shareholder plans. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we issued 5.4 million and 4.4 million shares of common stock from treasury stock, which had aggregate values of $238 million and $192 million, respectively.
In February 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share buyback program to repurchase up to 100 million shares of our common stock. The program will terminate when the aggregate number of shares purchased reaches 100 million, or a new share repurchase plan superseding the current plan is authorized, whichever is sooner. The program permits Verizon to repurchase shares over time, with the amount and timing of repurchases depending on market conditions and corporate needs. There were no repurchases of common stock during 2024 and 2023 under our authorized share buyback program.
Credit Ratings
Verizon’s credit ratings did not change in 2024 or 2023.
Securities ratings assigned by rating organizations are expressions of opinion and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold securities. A securities rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
Covenants
Our credit agreements contain covenants that are typical for large, investment grade companies. These