TracFone Wireless, Inc.
On November 23, 2021 (the Acquisition Date), we completed the acquisition of TracFone. Verizon acquired all of TracFone's outstanding stock in exchange for approximately $3.5 billion in cash, net of cash acquired and working capital and other adjustments, 57,596,544 shares of common stock of the Company valued at approximately $3.0 billion, and up to an additional $650 million in future cash contingent consideration related to the achievement of certain performance measures and other commercial arrangements. The fair value of the common stock was determined on the basis of its closing market price on the Acquisition Date. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration as of the Acquisition Date was approximately $560 million and represented a Level 3 measurement. The contingent consideration payable was based on the achievement of certain revenue and operational targets, measured over a two year earn out period. Contingent consideration payments were completed in January of 2024.
During 2024 and 2023, Verizon made payments of $52 million and $257 million, respectively, related to the contingent consideration, which are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. See Note 3 and Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Frontier Communications Parent, Inc.
On September 4, 2024, Verizon entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) to acquire Frontier, a U.S. provider of broadband internet and other communication services. The transaction is structured as a merger of the Company's subsidiary with and into Frontier, as a result of which Frontier will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and shares of Frontier common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of merger (subject to certain limited exceptions) will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a per share merger consideration of $38.50, in cash. In November 2024, Frontier shareholders approved the transaction. Consummation of the transaction is subject to the receipt of certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Under certain circumstances, if the Merger Agreement is terminated, Frontier may be required to pay Verizon a termination fee of $320 million. Under certain other specified circumstances, Verizon may be required to pay Frontier a termination fee of $590 million.
We are exposed to various types of market risk in the normal course of business, including the impact of interest rate changes, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in investment, equity and commodity prices and changes in corporate tax rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, treasury rate locks and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold