2024
During 2024, our net cash used in financing activities of $17.1 billion was primarily driven by $20.3 billion used for repayments and repurchases of long-term borrowings (secured and unsecured) as well as finance lease obligations, $11.2 billion used for dividend payments, and $1.1 billion used for other financing activities. These cash flows used in financing activities were partially offset by $15.6 billion provided by proceeds from long-term borrowings, which included $12.4 billion of proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions.
Proceeds from and Repayments and Repurchases of Long-Term Borrowings
At December 31, 2024, our total debt decreased to $144.0 billion compared to $150.7 billion at December 31, 2023. Our effective interest rate was 5.1% and 4.9% during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We have entered into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt, managing our exposure to changes in interest rates. See "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
At December 31, 2024, approximately $30.5 billion, or 20.6%, of the aggregate principal amount of our total debt portfolio consisted of foreign denominated debt, primarily Euro and British Pound Sterling. We have entered into cross currency swaps on our foreign denominated debt in order to fix our future interest and principal payments in U.S. dollars and mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. See "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" for additional information.
Verizon may acquire debt securities issued by Verizon and its affiliates through open market purchases, redemptions, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers, exchange offers, or otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as Verizon may from time to time determine, for cash or other consideration.
Other, Net
Other, net cash flow from financing activities during 2024 includes $830 million in proceeds related to financing obligations for the cell towers transaction with Vertical Bridge. These proceeds were partially offset by $431 million in payments related to vendor financing arrangements, $425 million in equity distribution payments made for controlled entities, $313 million in payments made under the sublease arrangement for our cell towers, $280 million in cash consideration payments to acquire additional interest in certain controlled entities and $243 million in payments for settlement of cross currency swaps. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the Vertical Bridge transaction. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on noncontrolling interests.
Dividends
The Board of Directors of the Company assesses the level of our dividend payments on a periodic basis taking into account such factors as long-term growth