for as a modification of debt. As a result, the excess of the principal amount of notes exchanged over the principal amount of new notes issued of $
65
million was recorded as a premium to Long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets.
Tender Offers
(1)
The total cash consideration includes the tender offer consideration, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase.
In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, cash consideration is shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis and includes the amount payable per the derivatives entered into in connection with the transaction. See Note 9 for additional information on cross currency swap transactions related to the transaction.
Repayments and Repurchases
(1)
Represents amount paid to repay or repurchase, including any accrued interest. In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, amount paid is shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis and includes the amount payable per the derivatives entered into in connection with the transaction. See Note 9 for additional information on cross currency swap transactions related to the transaction.
(2)
During
2024, we recorded gains of $
267
million in connection with the open market repurchases, which were reflected within
Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of income.
76
Table of
Contents
Issuances
(1)
Net proceeds were net of underwriting discounts and other issuance costs.
In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, net proceeds are shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis.
See Note 9 for additional information on cross currency swap transactions related to the issuances.
(2)
An amount equal to the net proceeds from these notes is expected to be used to fund, in whole or in part, certain renewable energy projects, including new and existing investments made by us during the period from May 1, 2023 through the maturity date of the notes.
Commercial Paper Program
In 2024, we issued $
27.5
billion in net proceeds and made $
27.5
billion in principal repayments of commercial paper. These transactions are reflected within Cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows on a net basis. As of December 31, 2024, we had
no
commercial paper outstanding.
Asset-Backed Debt
As of December 31, 2024, the carrying value of our asset-backed debt was $
26.1
billion. Our asset-backed debt includes Asset-Backed Notes (ABS Notes) issued to third-party investors (Investors) and loans (ABS Financing Facilities) received from banks and their conduit facilities (collectively, the Banks). Our consolidated asset-backed debt bankruptcy remote legal entities (each, an ABS Entity, or collectively, the ABS Entities) issue the debt or are otherwise party to the transaction documentation in connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, Cellco Partnership (Cellco), a