(1)
This amount includes: 29,804,583 shares of common stock subject to outstanding restricted stock units and performance stock units, including dividend equivalents accrued on such awards through December 31, 2024. This does not include performance stock units, deferred stock units and deferred share equivalents payable solely in cash.
(2)
The Company's outstanding restricted stock units, performance stock units and deferred stock units do not have exercise prices associated with the settlement of these awards.
(3)
This number reflects the number of shares of common stock that remained available for future issuance under the 2017 LTIP.
(4)
This number reflects shares subject to deferred stock units credited to the Verizon Income Deferral Plan, which were awarded in 2002 under the Verizon Communications Broad-Based Incentive Plan. No new awards are permitted to be issued under this plan.
For information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence, see the sections entitled "Governance — Our governance framework — Other risk-related matters — Related person transactions and — Item 1: Election of Directors — Our Board's independence" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Our independent registered public accounting firm is
Ernst & Young LLP
,
New York, NY
, Auditor Firm ID:
42
.
For information with respect to principal accounting fees and services, see the section entitled "Audit matters — Item 3: Ratification of appointment of independent registered public accounting firm" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.
109
Table of
Contents
(a) Documents filed as part of this report:
110
Table of
Contents
111
Table of
Contents
112
Table of
Contents
Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries
For the Years Ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(a)
Charged to Other Accounts primarily includes amounts previously written off which were credited directly to this account when recovered.
(b)
Deductions primarily include amounts written off as uncollectible or transferred to other accounts or utilized.
(c)
Allowance for credit losses includes approximately $
617
million, $
592
million, and $
436
million at December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, related to long-term device payment receivables.
(d)
Charged to Other Accounts includes current year increase to valuation allowance charged to equity and reclassifications from other balance sheet accounts.
(e)
Reductions to valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets.
113
Table of
Contents
None.
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the