Adopted Accounting Standards
The following Accounting Standards Update (ASU) was issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), and has been early adopted by Verizon.
We earn revenue from contracts with customers, primarily through the provision of telecommunications and other services and through the sale of wireless equipment.
Revenue by Category
We have
two
reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units, Consumer and Business. Revenue is disaggregated by products and services within Consumer, and customer groups (Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Other, and Wholesale) within Business. See Note 13 for additional information on revenue by segment, including Corporate and other.
We also earn revenues that are not accounted for under Topic 606 from leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest recognized when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement. We have elected the practical expedient within Topic 842, to combine the lease and non-lease components for those customer arrangements under Topic 606 that involve customer premise equipment where we are the lessor. Revenues from arrangements that were not accounted for under Topic 606 were approximately $
3.1
billion, $
2.9
billion and $
3.2
billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Remaining Performance Obligations
When allocating the total contract transaction price to identified performance obligations, a portion of the total transaction price may relate to service performance obligations which were not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period. Below we disclose information relating to these unsatisfied performance obligations. We apply the practical expedient available under Topic 606 that provides the option to exclude the expected revenues arising from unsatisfied performance obligations related to contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less. This situation primarily arises with respect to certain month-to-month service contracts. At December 31, 2024, month-to-month service contracts represented approximately
95
% of both our wireless postpaid contracts and our wireline Consumer and our Business Markets and Other contracts, compared to December 31, 2023, for which month-to-month service contracts represented approximately
95
% of our wireless postpaid contracts and
94
% of our wireline Consumer and our Business Markets and Other contracts
.
Additionally, certain contracts provide customers the option to purchase additional services. The fees related to these additional services are recognized when the customer exercises the option (typically on a month-to-month basis).
Contracts for wireless services, with or without promotional credits that require maintenance of service, are