is recognized in earnings or when it becomes probable that the forecasted transactions will not occur. For the fair value hedges, we elected to exclude the change in fair value of the cross currency swaps related to both time value and cross currency basis spread from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (the excluded components). The initial value of the excluded components of $
1.0
billion as of March 31, 2022 will continue to be amortized into Interest expense over the remaining life of the hedging instruments. During the three
months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024
, the amortization of the initial value of the excluded component completely offset the amortization related to the amount remaining in Other comprehensive income (loss) related to cash flow hedges. See Note 9 for additional information. We estimate that $
94
million will be amortized into Interest expense within the next 12 months.
In April 2025, we settled cross currency swaps with a total notional amount of $
817
million.
Net Investment Hedges
We have designated certain foreign currency debt instruments as net investment hedges to mitigate foreign exchange exposure related to non-U.S. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against changes in foreign exchange rates. The notional amount of Euro-denominated debt designated as a net investment hedge was €
750
million as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
21
Table of Contents
Undesignated Derivatives
We also have the following derivative contracts which we use as economic hedges but for which we have elected not to apply hedge accounting.
The following table summarizes the activity of our derivatives not designated in hedging relationships:
Foreign Exchange Forwards
We entered into Euro foreign exchange forwards, and in prior periods, British Pound Sterling foreign exchange forwards to mitigate our foreign exchange rate risk related to non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries.
Treasury Rate Locks
We enter into treasury rate locks to mitigate our interest rate risk on future transactions.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of temporary cash investments, short-term and long-term investments, trade receivables, including device payment plan agreement receivables, certain notes receivable, including lease receivables, and derivative contracts.
Counterparties to our derivative contracts are major financial institutions with whom we have negotiated derivatives agreements (ISDA master agreements) and credit support annex (CSA) agreements which provide rules for collateral exchange. The CSA agreements contain fixed cap amounts or rating based thresholds such that we or our counterparties may be required to hold or post collateral based upon changes in outstanding positions as compared to established thresholds or caps and changes in credit ratings. We do not offset