capital resources) and to assess performance during the monthly and quarterly financial strategic review process. When assessing segment performance and how to allocate resources, the CODM focuses on evaluating whether revenues generated are sufficient to cover variable and fixed costs with an appropriate return on investment. Key decisions considered by the CODM using segment operating income include prioritization and timing of changes to network technologies, allocation of capital expenditures based on the Company's priorities, geographic expansion of wireline and wireless networks, establishment of key financial and operational targets, pricing decisions, branding matters and people management.
Our segments and their principal activities consist of the following:
Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment's wireless and wireline products
26
Table of Contents
and services are organized by the primary customer groups for these offerings: Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Other, and Wholesale.
Corporate and other primarily includes device insurance programs, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated or used in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results and therefore included in the CODM's assessment of segment performance.
The following table provides operating financial information for our
two
reportable segments:
(1)
Reflects the reclassification of recurring device protection and insurance related plan revenues from Other revenue into Wireless service revenue in the first quarter of 2025.
(2)
Other revenue includes fees that partially recover the direct and indirect costs of complying with regulatory and industry obligations and programs, leasing and interest recognized when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.
(3)
Service and other revenues and Wireless equipment revenues included in our Business segment were approximately $
6.4
billion and $
866
million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and were approximately $
6.5
billion and $
871
million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
(4)
The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level