under our fixed-term service plans, and their device payment plan charge is included on their wireless monthly bill. While we no longer offer Consumer customers fixed-term subsidized service plans for devices, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program.
Verizon Consumer Group
In addition to wireless services and equipment for retail customers, the Consumer segment sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis. Consumer also provides non-connectivity services including device protection, content offerings, cloud storage, and other products.
Residential fixed services
– We provide residential fixed connectivity solutions to customers over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. We also provide FWA broadband through both 5G and 4G LTE home internet offerings, which are available in most states across the U.S.
We offer residential fixed services tailored to the needs of our customers with a variety of perk options and the flexibility to change them. Depending on customer needs at a particular time, our services may include features related to, among other things: internet access at different speed tiers using fiber-optic, copper or wireless technology; video services that may feature a variety of content and streaming options, video on demand products, cloud-based services and digital video recording capabilities; over-the-top (OTT) video services; voice services; and other home solutions.
Network access services
– We sell network access to mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) on a wholesale basis, who in turn resell wireless service under their own brand(s) to consumers.
Verizon Business Group
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, our Business segment provides a variety of wireless and wireline services and products, which are organized by the primary customer groups for these offerings: Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Other, and Wholesale.
Enterprise and Public Sector
Enterprise and Public Sector offers wireless products and services as well as wireline connectivity such as broadband and managed services to our large business and public sector customers. Large businesses are identified based on their size and volume of business with Verizon. Public sector customers include U.S. federal, state and local governments and educational institutions. Our offerings to this customer group include plans with features and pricing designed to address their specific needs. In 2024, Enterprise and Public Sector revenues were $14.2 billion, representing approximately 48% of Business’s total revenues.
Enterprise and Public