generally either month-to-month and cancellable at any time, or considered to contain terms ranging from greater than
one month
to up to
thirty-six months
(typically under a device payment plan or a fixed-term plan). Additionally, customers may incur charges based on usage or additional optional services purchased in conjunction with entering into a contract that can be cancelled at any time and therefore are not included in the transaction price. The transaction price allocated to service performance obligations, which are not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period, are generally related to contracts that are not accounted for as month-to-month contracts.
Our Consumer group customers also include traditional wholesale resellers that purchase and resell wireless service under their own brands to their respective customers. Reseller arrangements generally include a stated contract term, which typically extends longer than
two years
and, in some cases, include a periodic minimum revenue commitment over the contract term for which revenues will be recognized in future periods.
Consumer customer contracts for wireline services are generally month-to-month; however, they may have a service term of
two years
or shorter than
twelve months
. Certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services extend into future periods, contain fixed monthly fees and usage-based fees, and can include annual commitments in each year of the contract or
67
Table of
Contents
commitments over the entire specified contract term; however, a significant number of contracts for wireline services with our Business customers have a contract term that is
twelve months
or less.
Additionally, there are certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services that have a contractual minimum fee over the total contract term. We cannot predict the time period when revenue will be recognized related to those contracts; thus, they are excluded from the time bands below. These contracts have varying terms spanning over approximately
twenty-nine years
ending in September 2053 and have aggregate contract minimum payments totaling $
1.8
billion.
At December 31, 2024, the transaction price related to unsatisfied performance obligations that are expected to be recognized for 2025, 2026 and thereafter was $
28.5
billion, $
17.5
billion and $
7.2
billion, respectively. Remaining performance obligation estimates are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including terminations and changes in the timing and scope of contracts, arising from contract modifications.
Accounts Receivable and Contract Balances
The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the time of billing to our customers. Receivables presented in our consolidated balance sheets represent an unconditional right to consideration. Contract balances represent amounts from an arrangement when either Verizon has performed, by transferring goods or services to the