performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the entity. Therefore, the assets, liabilities and activities of the ABS Entities are consolidated in our financial results and are included in amounts presented on the face of our condensed consolidated balance sheets.
The assets and liabilities related to our asset-backed debt arrangements included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows:
The Accounts receivable, net amounts above do not include underlying receivables for which a participation interest has been transferred to the ABS Entities. See
Note 6 for
additional information on certain receivables and participation interest used to secure asset-backed debt.
Long-Term Credit Facilities
(1)
The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit.
As of
March 31, 2025
, there have been
no
drawings against the revolving credit facility since its inception.
(2)
During the
three
months ended March 31, 2025 and
2024
, there were
no
drawings from these facilities. Borrowings under certain of these facilities are repaid semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed.
Non-Cash Transactions
During the
three
months ended
March 31, 2025
and 2024, we financed, primarily through alternative financing arrangements, the purchase of approximately $
627
million and $
463
million, respectively, consisting primarily of network equipment. As of
March 31, 2025
and
December 31, 2024
, $
2.6
billion and $
2.5
billion, respectively, relating to these financing arrangements, including those entered into in prior years and liabilities assumed through acquisitions, remained outstanding. These purchases are non-cash financing activities and therefore are not reflected within Capital expenditures in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
Net Debt Extinguishment Gains
During the
three
months ended
March 31, 2025
and 2024
, we recorded net debt extinguishment gains of $
90
million and $
110
million, respectively. T
he net gains are recorded in Other income, net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. The total non-cash debt
extinguishment
gains are reflected
within Other, net cash flow from operating activities,
and the total cash payments to extinguish the debt are reflected within Other, net cash flow from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
Guarantees
We guarantee the debentures of our operating telephone company subsidiaries. As of
March 31, 2025
, $
614
million aggregate principal amount of these obligations remained outstanding. Each