(the Pension Plans), and The Prudential Insurance Company of America (Prudential), and one by and between the Company, State Street and RGA Reinsurance Company (RGA), under which the Pension Plans purchased nonparticipating single premium group annuity contracts from Prudential and RGA, respectively, to settle approximately $
5.8
billion of benefit liabilities of the Pension Plans, net of certain adjustments, resulting in a net pre-tax settlement gain of $
200
million.
The purchase of the group annuity contracts closed on March 6, 2024. The group annuity contracts primarily cover a population that includes
56,000
retirees who commenced benefit payments from the Pension Plans prior to January 1, 2023 (Transferred Participants). Prudential and RGA each irrevocably guarantee and assume the sole obligation to make future payments to the Transferred Participants as provided under their respective group annuity contracts, with direct payments beginning July 1, 2024. The aggregate amount of each Transferred Participant's payment under the group annuity contracts will be equal to the amount of each individual’s payment under the Pension Plans.
The purchase of the group annuity contracts was funded directly by transferring $
5.6
billion of assets of the Pension Plans, net of certain adjustments. The Company made additional contributions to the Pension Plans prior to the closing date of the transaction, as discussed below. With these contributions, the funded ratio of each of the Pension Plans did not change as a result of this transaction.
Pension plan assets and liabilities are primarily presented within Employee benefit obligations in our condensed consolidated balance sheets.
2024 Voluntary Separation Program
In June 2024, we announced a voluntary separation program for select U.S.-based management employees. Under this program approximately
4,800
eligible employees separated from Verizon through the end of March 2025.
Severance Payments
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we paid severance benefits of $
406
million primarily related to the voluntary separation program and an additional $
95
million related to other severance related contractual obligations associated with the voluntary separation program. At March 31, 2025, we had a remaining severance liability of $
617
million, a portion of which relates to future contractual payments to separated employees under the voluntary separation program.
Employer Contributions
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we made
no
contributions to our qualified pension plans. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we made discretionary contributions to the Pension Plans in the aggregate amount of
23
Table of Contents
$
365
million. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, we made insignificant contributions to our nonqualified pension plans.
In April 2025, we made a discretionary non-cash contribution to our qualified pensions plans in the principal amount of $
563