borrowings of $2.8 billion.
At March 31, 2025, our total debt of $143.6 billion included unsecured debt of $117.3 billion and secured debt of $26.3 billion. At December 31, 2024, our total debt of $144.0 billion included unsecured debt of $117.9 billion and secured debt of $26.1 billion. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, our effective interest rate was 5.1% and 5.0%, respectively. See Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt activity, which excludes the impact from mark-to-market adjustments on foreign currency denominated debt.
Verizon may acquire debt securities issued by Verizon and its affiliates through open market purchases, redemptions, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers, exchange offers, or otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as Verizon may from time to time determine, for cash or other consideration.
44
Table of Contents
Asset-Backed Debt
Cash collections on the receivables and on the underlying receivables related to the participation interest collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued is included in Debt maturing within one year and Long-term debt in our condensed consolidated balance sheets.
See Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Long-Term Credit Facilities
(1)
The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit.
As of
March 31, 2025
, there have been no drawings against the revolving credit facility since its inception.
(2)
During the
three
months ended March 31, 2025 and
2024,
there were no drawings from these facilities. Borrowings under certain of these facilities are repaid semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed.
Other, Net
Other, net cash flow from financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2025 includes $288 million in payments related to vendor financing arrangements, $159 million in payments related to withheld employee shares tax and $128 million in equity distribution payments made for controlled entities.
Dividends
As in prior periods, dividend payments were a significant use of capital