Revenues
Consolidated operating revenues increased during the
three months ended March 31, 2025
compared to the similar period in 2024 primarily due to revenue increases in our Consumer segment, partially offset by revenue decreases in our Business segment.
Revenues for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Segment Results of Operations."
32
Table of Contents
Consolidated Operating Expenses
Operating expenses for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Segment Results of Operations."
Cost of Services
Cost of services includes the following costs directly attributable to a service: salaries and wages, benefits, materials and supplies, content costs, contracted services, network access and transport costs, customer provisioning costs, computer systems support and costs to support our outsourcing contracts and technical facilities. Aggregate customer service costs, which include billing and service provisioning, are allocated between Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense.
Cost of services
remained relatively flat
during the three months ended
March 31, 2025
compared to the similar period in 2024.
Cost of Wireless Equipment
Cost of wireless equipment
increased
during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in
2024 primarily due to
an increase of $201 million driven by a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold.
Selling, General and Administrative Expense
Selling, general and administrative expense includes salaries and wages and benefits not directly attributable to a service or product, the provision for credit losses, taxes other than income taxes, advertising and sales commission costs, call center and information technology costs, regulatory fees, professional service fees and rent and utilities for administrative space. Also included is a portion of the aggregate customer care costs as discussed above in "Cost of Services."
Selling, general and administrative expense decreased during the
three
months ended March 31, 2025 compared
to the similar period in
2024 primarily due to:
•
a decrease of $162 million in personnel costs related to workforce changes primarily due to the voluntary separation program that was announced in June of 2024 and completed in March of 2025
; and
•
a decrease of $106 million related to a legacy legal matter from 2024 that did not reoccur.
See "Special Items" for additional information on the legacy legal matter.
Depreciation and Amortization Expense
Depreciation and amortization expense increased during the
three months ended
March 31, 2025 compared to the similar period in 2024
primarily due to the change in the mix of net depreciable and amortizable assets, including the amortization period of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, and the continued deployment of C-Band network assets.
Other Consolidated Results
Other Income, Net
nm - not meaningful
Other income, net, reflects