issued $
2.3
billion aggregate principal amount of notes due 2035, with an interest rate of
5.250
% per year. We contributed $
563
million principal amount of the notes to our pension trust. See Note 8 for additional information.
Commercial Paper Program
During the
three
months ended March 31, 2025, we issued $
4.8
billion in net proceeds and made $
4.8
billion in principal repayments of commercial paper. These transactions were recorded within Other, net cash flow from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows on a net basis. As of March 31, 2025, we had
no
commercial paper outstanding.
Asset-Backed Debt
As of
March 31, 2025
, the carrying value of our asset-backed debt was $
26.3
billion.
Our asset-backed debt includes Asset-Backed Notes (ABS Notes) issued to third-party investors (Investors) and loans (ABS Financing Facilities) received from banks and their conduit facilities (collectively, the Banks). Our consolidated asset-backed debt bankruptcy remote legal entities (each, an ABS Entity, or collectively, the ABS Entities) issue the debt or are otherwise party to the transaction documentation in connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, Cellco Partnership (Cellco), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and certain other Company affiliates (collectively, the Originators) transfer device payment plan agreement receivables and certain other receivables (collectively referred to as certain receivables) or a participation interest in certain other receivables to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such receivables and participation interest to another ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests and residual interests, as applicable, in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses.
Our asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred receivables and participation interest, and future collections on such receivables and underlying receivables related to such participation interest. These receivables and participation interest transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of certain receivables and participation interest, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon’s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt, but do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement,