financial reporting. As such changes occur, we will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
There were no changes in Verizon's internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
107
Table of
Contents
The management of Verizon Communications Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of Verizon. Management has evaluated internal control over financial reporting of Verizon using the criteria for effective internal control established in Internal Control–Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013.
Management has assessed the effectiveness of Verizon’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. Based on this assessment, management believes that the internal control over financial reporting of Verizon is effective as of December 31, 2024. In connection with this assessment, there were no material weaknesses in Verizon’s internal control over financial reporting identified by management. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has provided an attestation report on Verizon’s internal control over financial reporting and is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report.
During the three months ended
December 31, 2024
,
none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Not applicable.
Set forth below is information with respect to our current executive officers.
Each of the above officers has held the indicated office or other high-level managerial positions within the Company or one of its subsidiaries for at least five years, with the exception of Samantha Hammock and Mary-Lee Stillwell, who have both been with Verizon since 2020. Officers are not elected for a fixed term of office and may be removed from office at any time at the discretion of the Board of Directors.
Samantha Hammock is the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. Ms. Hammock joined Verizon in December 2020 as Senior Vice President of Global Talent and began serving in her current role in December 2021. Prior to joining Verizon, Ms. Hammock spent 14 years at the American Express Company, a globally integrated payments company and provider of credit and charge cards to consumers and businesses around the world, where she served as Head of Talent and Learning from April 2020 to December 2020, Chief Learning Officer from 2017 to April 2020, and Vice President, Leadership Strategy, from 2016 to April 2020.
Mary-Lee Stillwell is the Senior Vice President and Controller of the