position based on the point in time that the fair value declined to below the amortized cost basis, net of the allowance for credit losses.
Table 3.5:
Gross Unrealized Losses and Fair Value – Available-for-Sale Debt Securities
(1)
Gross unrealized losses exclude portfolio level basis adjustments.
We have assessed each debt security with gross unrealized losses included in the previous table for credit impairment. As part of that assessment we evaluated and concluded that we do not intend to sell any of the debt securities, and that it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell, prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. We evaluate, where necessary, whether credit impairment exists by comparing the present value of the expected cash flows to the debt securities’ amortized cost basis. Credit impairment is recorded as an ACL for debt securities.
For descriptions of the factors we consider when analyzing debt securities for impairment as well as methodology and significant inputs used to measure credit losses, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Contractual Maturities
Table 3.6 and Table 3.7 show the remaining contractual maturities of AFS and HTM debt securities, respectively.
Table 3.6:
Contractual Maturities – Available-for-Sale Debt Securities
(1)
Amortized cost, net excludes portfolio level basis adjustments of $
59
million.
(2)
Weighted average yields are calculated using the effective yield method and are weighted based on amortized cost, net of ACL. The effective yield method is calculated using the contractual coupon and the impact of any premiums and discounts and is shown pre-tax. We have not included the effect of any related hedging derivatives. The effective yield for mortgage-backed securities excludes unscheduled principal payments, and remaining expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations before the underlying mortgages mature.
Note 3:
Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities
(continued)
Table 3.7:
Contractual Maturities – Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities
(1)
Weighted average yields are calculated using the effective yield method and are weighted based on amortized cost, net of ACL. The effective yield method is calculated using the contractual coupon and the impact of any premiums and discounts and is shown pre-tax. We have not included the effect of any related hedging derivatives. The effective yield for mortgage-backed securities excludes unscheduled principal payments, and remaining expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations before the underlying mortgages mature.
Table 4.1 provides a summary of our equity securities by business purpose and accounting method.
Table 4.1:
Equity Securities
(1)
Represents securities held as part of our customer accommodation trading activities. For additional information