result of increased originations and loan
draws, partially offset by paydowns. Consumer loans decreased from December 31, 2024, driven by decreases in the residential mortgage, credit card, and auto loan portfolios, as loan paydowns exceeded originations.
Table 8:
Loan Portfolios
Average loan balances and a comparative detail of average loan balances is included in Table 1 under “Earnings Performance – Net Interest Income” earlier in this Report. Additional information on total loans outstanding by portfolio segment and class of financing receivable is included in the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” section in this Report. Period-end balances and other loan related information are in Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report.
See the “Balance Sheet Analysis – Loan Portfolios” section in our 2024 Form 10-K for additional information regarding contractual loan maturities and the distribution of loans to changes in interest rates.
Deposits
Deposits decreased from December 31, 2024, driven by lower time deposits due to maturities of CDs issued by corporate treasury.
Table 9 provides additional information regarding deposit balances. Information regarding the impact of deposits on net interest income and a comparison of average deposit balances is provided in the “Earnings Performance – Net Interest Income” section and Table 1 earlier in this Report. Our average deposit cost in first quarter 2025 decreased to 1.58%, compared with 1.73% in fourth quarter 2024.
Table 9:
Deposits
In the ordinary course of business, we engage in financial transactions that are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheet or may be recorded on our consolidated balance sheet in amounts that are different from the full contract or notional amount of the transaction. Our off-balance sheet arrangements include unfunded credit commitments, transactions with unconsolidated entities, guarantees, derivatives, and other commitments. These transactions are designed to (1) meet the financial needs of customers, (2) manage our credit, market or liquidity risks, and/or (3) diversify our funding sources.
Unfunded Credit Commitments
Unfunded credit commitments are legally binding agreements to lend to customers with terms covering usage of funds, contractual interest rates, expiration dates, and any required collateral. The maximum credit risk for these commitments will generally be lower than the contractual amount because these commitments may expire without being used or may be cancelled at the customer’s request. Our credit risk monitoring activities include managing the amount of commitments, both to individual customers and in total, and the size and maturity structure of these commitments. For additional information, see Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Transactions with Unconsolidated Entities
In the normal course of business, we enter into various types