activities, sensitivity analysis, stress testing, Trading VaR, and Trading General VaR by risk category, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Market Risk – Trading Activities” section in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Table 23:
Trading 1-Day 99% General VaR by Risk Category
The diversification effect arises because the risks are not perfectly correlated causing a portfolio of positions to usually be less risky than the sum of the risks of the positions alone. The diversification benefit is not meaningful for low and high metrics since they may occur on different days.
MARKET RISK – EQUITY SECURITIES.
We are directly and indirectly affected by changes in the equity markets. We make and manage equity investments in various businesses, such as start-up companies and emerging growth companies, some of which are made by our venture capital business. We also invest in funds that make similar private equity investments. For additional information, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Market Risk – Equity Securities” section in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Additionally, as part of our business to support our customers, we trade public equities, listed/over-the-counter equity derivatives, and convertible bonds. We have parameters that govern these activities. For additional information on our equity securities, see Note 4 (Equity Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Changes in equity market prices may also indirectly affect our net income by (1) the value of third-party assets under management and, hence, fee income, (2) borrowers whose ability to repay principal and/or interest may be affected by the stock market, or (3) brokerage activity, related commission income and other business activities. Each business line monitors and manages these indirect risks.
LIQUIDITY RISK AND FUNDING.
Liquidity risk is the risk arising from the inability of the Company to meet obligations when they come due, or roll over funds at a reasonable cost, without incurring heightened costs. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into contractual obligations that may require future cash payments, including funding for customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, debt service, leases for premises and equipment, and other cash commitments. Liquidity risk also considers the stability of deposits, including the risk of losing uninsured or non-operational deposits. The objective of effective liquidity management is to be able to meet our contractual obligations and other cash commitments efficiently under both normal operating conditions and under periods of Wells Fargo-specific and/or market stress.
To help achieve this objective, the Board establishes liquidity guidelines that require sufficient liquidity to cover potential funding requirements and to avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. These guidelines are monitored on a monthly basis by the management-level Corporate Asset/Liability