higher allowance for commercial and industrial loans. The detail of the changes in the ACL for loans by portfolio segment (including charge-offs and recoveries by loan class) is included in Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Risk Management – Credit Risk Management
(continued)
We consider multiple economic scenarios to develop our estimate of the ACL for loans, which generally include a base scenario, along with an optimistic (upside) and one or more pessimistic (downside) scenarios. We weighted the base scenario and the downside scenarios in our estimate of the ACL for loans at March 31, 2025. The base scenario assumed slowing inflation along with slowing economic growth, a decline in commercial real estate prices, and stable to improving unemployment rates. The downside scenarios assumed a more substantial economic contraction due to lower business and consumer confidence, declining property values, and uncertainty related to trade policies.
Additionally, we consider qualitative factors that represent management’s judgment of risks related to our processes and assumptions used in establishing the ACL such as economic environmental factors, modeling assumptions and performance, process risk, and other subjective factors, including industry trends and emerging risk assessments, such as recent macroeconomic uncertainty related to trade policies.
The forecasted key economic variables used in our estimate of the ACL for loans at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, are presented in Table 21.
Table 21:
Forecasted
Key
Economic Variables
(1)
Quarterly average.
(2)
Percent change from the preceding period, seasonally adjusted annualized rate.
(3)
Percent change year over year of national average; outlook differs by geography and property type.
Future amounts of the ACL for loans will be based on a variety of factors, including loan balance changes, portfolio credit quality and mix changes, and changes in general economic conditions and expectations (including for unemployment and real GDP), among other factors.
We believe the ACL for loans of $14.6 billion at March 31, 2025, was appropriate to cover expected credit losses, including unfunded credit commitments, at that date. The entire allowance is available to absorb credit losses from the total loan portfolio. The ACL for loans is subject to change and reflects existing factors as of the date of determination, including economic or market conditions and ongoing internal and external examination processes. Due to the sensitivity of the ACL for loans to changes in the economic and business environment, it is possible that we will incur incremental credit losses not anticipated as of the balance sheet date. Our process for determining the ACL is discussed in the “Critical Accounting Policies – Allowance for
Credit Losses” section and Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in our 2024 Form 10-K.
MORTGAGE