rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The policies of the FRB may have a material effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Privacy Provisions and the Sharing of Personal Financial Data
Federal banking regulators, as required under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB Act), have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. The rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to nonaffiliated third parties. The privacy provisions of the GLB Act affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. The Fair Credit Reporting Act imposes requirements regarding sharing certain information about consumers among affiliated companies. Under these requirements, consumers have the option to opt out from affiliated companies sharing certain information among the affiliates, depending on the information and purpose of sharing.
Personal Financial Data Rights.
In October 2024, the CFPB issued a rule pursuant to section 1033 of the Dodd-Frank Act that requires financial service providers to make consumers’ data available upon request to consumers and authorized third parties. The compliance date for the rule is April 1, 2026. The rule will require the Company to update its technology systems, compliance, third-party risk management programs, and digital channels. Given the rule’s requirement to share customer information
with authorized third parties, some of whom could be non-financial institutions, the rule could result in increased fraud, data misuse, and competition.
Regulation of Consumer Financial Products
Consumer financial products are subject to numerous and, in many cases, highly complex federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations, as well as enhanced regulatory scrutiny and expectations. In particular, the CFPB implements and enforces regulations designed to ensure that consumers receive timely, clear, and accurate disclosures regarding financial products and are protected from unfair, deceptive or abusive practices. The CFPB has issued and proposed a number of rules impacting consumer financial products, including rules impacting residential mortgage lending, credit cards, and other financial products and banking related activities, as well as the fees that may be charged for certain banking products and services. In addition to these rulemaking activities, the CFPB may conduct ongoing supervisory examination activities of the financial services industry with respect to a number of consumer businesses and products, including mortgage lending and servicing, fair lending requirements, and auto finance.
Regulation of Swaps and Other Derivatives Activities
The CFTC and the SEC have adopted comprehensive sets of rules