management, investors, and others to assess how changes in asset amounts may impact the generation of certain asset-based fees. For the first quarter of both 2025 and 2024, the average fee rate by account type ranged from 50 to 120 basis points.
Table 6h:
WIM Advisory Assets
(1)
Inflows include new advisory account assets, contributions, dividends, and interest. Outflows include closed advisory account assets, withdrawals, and client management fees.
(2)
Market impact reflects gains and losses on portfolio investments.
(3)
Investment advice and other services are provided to the client, but decisions are made by the client and the fees earned are based on a percentage of the advisory account assets, not the number and size of transactions executed by the client.
(4)
Professionally managed portfolios with fees earned based on respective strategies and as a percentage of certain client assets.
(5)
Professional advisory portfolios managed by third-party asset managers. Fees are earned based on a percentage of certain client assets.
(6)
Program with portfolios constructed of load-waived, no-load, and institutional share class mutual funds. Fees are earned based on a percentage of certain client assets.
(7)
Discretionary and non-discretionary portfolios held in personal trusts, investment agency, or custody accounts with fees earned based on a percentage of client assets.
Earnings Performance
(continued)
Corporate
includes corporate treasury and enterprise functions, net of expense allocations, in support of the reportable operating segments (including funds transfer pricing, capital, and liquidity), as well as our investment portfolio and venture capital and private equity investments. Corporate also includes certain lines of business that management has determined are no longer consistent with the long-term strategic goals of the Company as
well as results for previously divested businesses. For additional information on our rail car leasing business included in Corporate, see the “Earnings Performance – Operating Segment Results – Corporate” section in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Table 6i and Table 6j provide additional information for Corporate.
Table 6i:
Corporate – Income Statement
NM – Not meaningful
(1)
Reflects results attributable to noncontrolling interests associated with our venture capital investments.
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024
Revenue
decreased driven by:
•
lower net gains from equity securities reflecting higher unrealized losses from our venture capital investments; and
•
higher net losses from debt securities related to a repositioning of our investment portfolio.
Noninterest expense
decreased reflecting:
•
lower operating losses due to lower expense for customer remediation activities; and
•
lower expense for the FDIC special assessment. F
or additional information on the FDIC special assessment, see Note 18 (Revenue and Expenses) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Table 6j:
Corporate – Balance Sheet
First quarter 2025