that would be incurred under an assumed hypothetical circumstance, despite what we believe is a remote possibility, where the value of our interests and any associated collateral declines to zero. Maximum exposure to loss estimates in Table 14.1 do not reflect economic hedges or collateral we could use to offset or recover losses we may incur under our guarantee agreements. Accordingly, these amounts are not an indication of expected loss. We believe the carrying value is more representative of our current exposure to loss than maximum exposure to loss. The carrying value represents the fair value of the guarantee, if any, and also includes an ACL for guarantees, if applicable. In determining the ACL for guarantees, we consider the credit risk of the related contingent obligation.
For our guarantees in Table 14.1, non-investment grade represents those guarantees on which we have a higher risk of performance under the terms of the guarantee, which is determined based on an external rating or an internal credit grade that is below investment grade, if applicable.
WRITTEN OPTIONS.
We enter into written foreign currency options and over-the-counter written equity put options that are derivative contracts that have the characteristics of a guarantee. The fair value of written options represents our view of the probability that we will be required to perform under the contract. The fair value of these written options was a liability of $
122
million and $
88
million at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value may be an asset as a result of deferred premiums on certain option trades. The maximum exposure to loss represents the notional value of these derivative contracts. At March 31, 2025, the maximum exposure to loss was $
56.4
billion, with $
53.2
billion expiring in three years or less compared with $
34.3
billion and $
31.5
billion,
respectively, at December 31, 2024. See Note 11 (Derivatives) for additional information regarding written derivative contracts.
MERCHANT PROCESSING SERVICES.
We provide debit and credit card transaction processing services through payment networks directly for merchants and as a sponsor for merchant processing servicers, including our joint venture with a third party that is accounted for as an equity method investment. In our role as the merchant acquiring bank, we have a potential obligation in connection with payment and delivery disputes between the merchant and the cardholder that are resolved in favor of the cardholder, referred to as a charge-back transaction. We estimate our potential maximum exposure to be the total merchant transaction volume processed in the preceding four months, which is generally the lifecycle for a charge-back transaction. As of March 31, 2025, our potential maximum exposure was approximately $
430.5
billion, and related losses, including those from our joint venture entity, were insignificant.
GUARANTEES OF SUBSIDIARIES.
The Parent fully and unconditionally