objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance objectives, and to meet both regulatory and market expectations. We primarily fund our capital needs through the retention of earnings net of both dividends and share repurchases, as well as through the issuance of preferred stock and long- and short-term debt. For additional information about capital planning, see the “Capital Planning and Stress Testing” section below.
Regulatory Capital Requirements
The Company and each of our IDIs are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy requirements administered by the FRB and the OCC. Risk-based capital rules establish risk-adjusted ratios relating regulatory capital to different categories of assets and off-balance sheet exposures as discussed below.
RISK-BASED CAPITAL AND RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS.
The Company is subject to rules issued by federal banking regulators to implement Basel III capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations. The rules contain two frameworks for calculating capital requirements, a Standardized Approach and an Advanced Approach applicable to certain institutions, including Wells Fargo, and we must calculate our risk-based capital ratios under both approaches. The Company is required to satisfy the risk-based capital ratio requirements to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments.
In July 2023, federal banking regulators issued a proposed rule to implement the final components of Basel III, which would impact risk-based capital requirements for certain banks. The proposed rule would eliminate the current Advanced Approach and replace it with a new expanded risk-based approach for the
measurement of risk-weighted assets, including more granular risk weights for credit risk, a new market risk framework, and a new standardized approach for measuring operational risk. Officials from federal banking regulators have since commented that there may be significant changes to the proposed rule.
Table 29 presents the risk-based capital requirements applicable to the Company under the Standardized Approach and Advanced Approach, respectively, as of March 31, 2025.
In addition to the risk-based capital requirements described in Table 29, if the FRB determines that a period of excessive credit growth is contributing to an increase in systemic risk, a countercyclical buffer of up to 2.50% could be added to the risk-based capital ratio requirements under federal banking regulations. The countercyclical buffer in effect at March 31, 2025, was 0.00%.
The capital conservation buffer is applicable to certain institutions, including Wells Fargo, under the Advanced Approach and is intended to absorb losses during times of economic or financial stress.
The stress capital buffer is calculated based on the decrease in a BHC’s risk-based capital ratios under the severely adverse scenario in the FRB’s annual supervisory stress test and related Comprehensive Capital