industry is subject to significant regulation and regulatory oversight initiatives. This regulation and oversight may continue to impact how U.S. financial services companies conduct business and may continue to result in increased regulatory compliance costs.
Banking statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies, as well as non-U.S. governments and financial regulators, and a change in them, including changes in how they are interpreted or implemented, could have a material effect on our business. The regulatory framework applicable to depository institutions and bank holding companies (BHCs) is intended to protect depositors, the federal deposit insurance fund, consumers and the banking system as a whole, and not necessarily investors in BHCs such as the Company.
Statutes, regulations, and policies could restrict our ability to diversify into other areas of financial services, make acquisitions, and pay dividends or repurchase our capital stock. They may also require us to provide financial support to one or more of our subsidiary banks, maintain capital in excess of amounts desired by management, and pay higher deposit insurance premiums as a result of assessments or a general deterioration in the financial condition of depository institutions.
The following describes the material elements of the regulatory framework applicable to us and the more significant regulations and regulatory oversight initiatives that have affected or may affect our business. For additional information about the regulatory matters discussed below and other regulations and regulatory oversight matters, see the “Overview,” “Capital Management,” “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” sections and Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to Financial Statements in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
General
Parent Bank Holding Company.
As a BHC, the Parent is subject to regulation under the BHC Act and to inspection, examination and supervision by its primary regulator, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board or FRB). The Parent is also subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, both as administered by the SEC. As a company with securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the Parent is subject to the rules of the NYSE for listed companies.
Subsidiary Banks.
Our subsidiary national banks, and their subsidiaries, are subject to regulation and examination primarily by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) and also by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the FRB, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), the SEC and the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). The non-
U.S. branches, subsidiaries, and offices of our subsidiary national banks are subject