Company’s compliance and operational risk management program. The Company continues to engage with the FRB as the Company works to address the consent order provisions. The consent order also requires the Company, following the FRB’s acceptance and approval of the plans and the Company’s adoption and implementation of the plans, to complete an initial third-party review of the enhancements and improvements provided for in the plans. Until this third-party review is complete and the plans are adopted and implemented to the satisfaction of the FRB, the Company’s total consolidated assets as defined under the consent order will be limited to the level as of
December 31, 2017. Compliance with this asset cap is measured on a two-quarter daily average basis to allow for management of temporary fluctuations. After removal of the asset cap, a second third-party review must also be conducted to assess the efficacy and sustainability of the enhancements and improvements.
Consent Order with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Regarding Compliance Risk Management Program.
On April 20, 2018, the Company entered into a consent order with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) requiring the Company to enhance its compliance risk management program and its management of customer remediation activities. On April 28, 2025, the Company announced the consent order had terminated.
Consent Order with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Regarding Loss Mitigation Activities.
On September 9, 2021, the Company entered into a consent order with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) requiring the Company to improve the execution, risk management, and oversight of loss mitigation activities in its Home Lending business. On March 17, 2025, the Company announced the OCC had terminated the consent order.
Formal Agreement with the OCC Regarding Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Risk Management Practices.
On September 12, 2024, the Company announced that Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. entered into a formal agreement with the OCC requiring the bank to enhance its anti-money laundering and sanctions risk management practices.
Our significant accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our results of operations and financial condition because they require that we use estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Five of these policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. These policies govern:
•
the allowance for credit losses;
•
fair value measurements;
•
income taxes;
•
liability for legal actions; and
•
goodwill impairment.
Management has discussed these critical accounting policies and the related estimates and judgments with the Board’s Audit