CeCelia G. Morken, and Ronald L. Sargent. Each member is independent, as independence for audit committee members is defined by NYSE rules. The Board of Directors has determined, in its business judgment, that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate, as required by NYSE rules, and that Messrs. Chancy, Craver, Jr., and Sargent each qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined by SEC regulations.
CODE OF CONDUCT
The Company’s Code of Conduct applicable to employees (including executive officers) as well as directors, the Company’s corporate governance guidelines, and the charters for the Audit, Governance and Nominating, Human Resources, Finance, and Risk Committees are available at
www.wellsfargo.com/about/corporate/governance
. We intend to post on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to our directors or executive officers.
12
INSIDER TRADING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
The Company has adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the Company’s securities by directors, officers, employees, and the Company itself, that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the listing standards of the NYSE applicable to us. These policies and procedures are reflected in (i) the section of our Code of Conduct related to insider trading and other trading restrictions, which is applicable to all employees and directors; (ii) our Insider Trading Activity Policy, which is applicable to directors, officers, and certain other employees; and (iii) our Company Securities Issuance and Repurchase Policy, which is applicable to transactions by the Company. Each of these documents is filed under Exhibit 19 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Additional information with respect to our directors, executive officers, and corporate governance in response to this Item 10 will be in the Company’s 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this item by reference.
Information with respect to our executive officer and director compensation and with respect to the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors in response to this Item 11 will be in the Company’s 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this item by reference.
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
The following table provides information about our equity compensation plans in effect on December 31, 2024, separately aggregated for plans approved by shareholders and for plans not approved by shareholders. A description of the material features of each equity compensation plan not approved by shareholders follows the table. All outstanding awards relate to shares of our common stock. Information is as of December 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated.
(1)
Does not reflect restricted share rights (RSRs), restricted share units (RSUs), performance share awards or