the Employee Stock Ownership Plan feature of the Company’s 401(k) plan, including the manner in which the 401(k) plan purchased certain securities used in connection with the Company’s contributions to the 401(k) plan.
HIRING PRACTICES MATTERS.
Government agencies, including the United States Department of Justice and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), have undertaken formal or informal inquiries or investigations regarding the Company’s hiring practices related to diversity. The United States Department of Justice and the SEC have since closed their investigations without taking action. A putative securities fraud class action has also been filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging that the Company and certain of its executive officers made false or misleading
statements about the Company’s hiring practices related to diversity. Allegations related to the Company’s hiring practices related to diversity are also among the subjects of a shareholder derivative lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
HOME MORTGAGE DISCRIMINATION LITIGATION.
Plaintiffs representing a class of home mortgage applicants and customers filed putative class actions against Wells Fargo alleging that Wells Fargo’s mortgage lending policies and practices resulted in disparate treatment and disparate impact against minority applicants. These actions have been consolidated in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
INTERCHANGE LITIGATION.
Plaintiffs representing a class of merchants have filed putative class actions, and individual merchants have filed individual actions, alleging that Visa and Mastercard, as well as certain payment card issuing banks including Wells Fargo, unlawfully colluded to set interchange rates associated with Visa and Mastercard payment card transactions and that enforcement of certain Visa and Mastercard rules and alleged tying and bundling of services offered to merchants were anticompetitive. These actions have been consolidated in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. Wells Fargo, along with other defendants and entities, are parties to loss and judgment sharing agreements, which provide that they, along with other entities, will share, based on a formula, in any losses or judgments from the relevant litigation. In July 2012, Visa, Mastercard, and the financial institution defendants, including Wells Fargo, agreed to pay a total of approximately $
6.6
billion in order to settle the consolidated action. Several merchants opted out of the settlement and are pursuing individual actions. In June 2016, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit vacated the settlement agreement and reversed and remanded the consolidated action to the district court for further proceedings. In November 2016, the district court appointed lead class counsel for a