www.wellsfargo.com/about/investor-relations/filings
as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). They are also available for free on the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov
1
.
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
General
We are a leading financial services company that provides a diversified set of banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, to individuals, businesses and institutions, throughout the U.S., and in countries outside the U.S. We provide consumer financial products and services including checking and savings accounts, credit and debit cards, and auto, residential mortgage, and small business lending. In addition, we offer financial planning, private banking, investment management, and fiduciary services. We also provide financial solutions to businesses through products and services including traditional commercial loans and lines of credit, letters of credit, asset-based lending and leasing, trade financing, treasury management, and investment banking services. Our website address is www.wellsfargo.com.
As of December 31, 2024, we had four reportable operating segments for management reporting purposes: Consumer Banking and Lending; Commercial Banking; Corporate and Investment Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management. The 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders includes financial information and descriptions of these operating segments.
Human Capital
Our people are what set Wells Fargo apart and are critical to our success. Wells Fargo continues to invest in our employees by offering market-competitive compensation, career-development opportunities, a broad array of benefits, and strong work-life programs. We want to be recognized as a great company for everyone by maintaining recruitment and career development practices that support our employees and provide an environment that welcomes people from different backgrounds and with different experiences.
At December 31, 2024, we had approximately 217,000 active employees, with approximately 77% of employees based in the United States. Our global workforce was 51% female and 49% male, and our U.S. workforce was 54% female and 46% male. Our U.S. workforce was 51% white, 48% racially/ethnically diverse, and 1% undeclared.
Compensation and benefits.
Wells Fargo's compensation program is linked to performance management and is designed to promote prudent risk management and reinforce its culture and operating standards. The compensation principles include:
•
Pay for performance
: Compensation is linked to company, line of business, and individual performance, including meeting regulatory expectations and creating long-term value consistent with the interests of shareholders.
•
Promote effective risk management
: Compensation promotes effective risk management and discourages imprudent or excessive risk-taking.
•
Attract and retain talent
: People are one of Wells