holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (the “IHC”), the Bank, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (WFS), Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (WFCS), and certain other subsidiaries of the Parent designated from time to time as material entities for resolution planning purposes (the “Covered Entities”) or identified from time to time as related support entities in our resolution plan (the “Related Support Entities”). Pursuant to the Support Agreement, the Parent transferred a significant amount of its assets, including the majority of its cash, deposits, liquid securities and intercompany loans (but excluding its equity interests in its subsidiaries and certain other assets), to the IHC and will continue to transfer those types of assets to the IHC from time to time. In the event of our material financial distress or failure,
4
the IHC will be obligated to use the transferred assets to provide capital and/or liquidity to the Bank, WFS, WFCS, and the Covered Entities pursuant to the Support Agreement. Under the Support Agreement, the IHC will also provide funding and liquidity to the Parent through subordinated notes and a committed line of credit, which, together with the issuance of dividends, is expected to provide the Parent, during business as usual operating conditions, with the same access to cash necessary to service its debts, pay dividends, repurchase its shares, and perform its other obligations as it would have had if it had not entered into these arrangements and transferred any assets. If certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers, or if the Parent’s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the subordinated notes would be forgiven, the committed line of credit would terminate, and the IHC’s ability to pay dividends to the Parent would be restricted, any of which could materially and adversely impact the Parent’s liquidity and its ability to satisfy its debts and other obligations, and could result in the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the Parent at an earlier time than might have otherwise occurred if the Support Agreement were not implemented. The respective obligations under the Support Agreement of the Parent, the IHC, the Bank, and the Related Support Entities are secured pursuant to a related security agreement.
Recovery Plan
.  In addition to our resolution plans, we must also prepare and periodically submit to the FRB a recovery plan that identifies a range of options that we may consider during times of idiosyncratic or systemic economic stress to remedy any financial weaknesses and restore market confidence without extraordinary government support. Recovery options include the possible sale, transfer or disposal of assets, securities, loan portfolios or businesses. The Bank must also prepare and periodically submit to the OCC a recovery plan that sets forth the Bank’s plan to remain a going concern when the Bank is experiencing considerable financial or