damages class and an equitable relief class. The parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the damages class claims pursuant to which defendants agreed to pay a total of approximately $
6.2
billion, which includes approximately $
5.3
billion of funds remaining in escrow from the 2012 settlement and $
900
million in additional funding. Wells Fargo’s allocated responsibility for the additional funding is approximately $
94.5
million. The court granted final approval of the settlement on December 13, 2019, which was affirmed by the Second Circuit on March 15, 2023. On September 27, 2021, the district court granted the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification in the equitable relief case. On March 26, 2024, Visa and Mastercard entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the equitable relief class claims, which was denied by the district court on June 25, 2024. Some of the opt-out and direct-action cases have been settled while others remain pending.
SEMINOLE TRIBE TRUSTEE LITIGATION.
The Seminole Tribe of Florida filed a complaint in Florida state court alleging that Wells Fargo, as trustee, charged excess fees in connection with the administration of a minor’s trust and failed to invest the assets of the trust prudently. The complaint was later amended to include
three
individual current and former beneficiaries as plaintiffs and to remove the Tribe as a party to the case. In March 2025, a trial verdict was entered against Wells Fargo. If post-trial motions are denied, Wells Fargo plans to appeal.
ZELLE LITIGATION.
On December 20, 2024, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona against multiple financial services companies, including Wells Fargo, regarding fund transfers made through the Zelle Network. On March 4, 2025, the CFPB dismissed its lawsuit with prejudice.
OUTLOOK.
As described above, the Company establishes accruals for legal actions when potential losses associated with the actions become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The high end of the range of reasonably possible losses in excess of the Company’s accrual for probable and estimable losses was approximately $
2.0
billion as of March 31, 2025. The outcomes of legal actions are unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible. It is also inherently difficult to estimate the amount of any loss and there may be matters for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible but not currently estimable. Accordingly, actual losses may be in excess of the established accrual or the range of reasonably possible loss. Based on information currently available, advice of counsel, available insurance coverage, and established reserves, Wells Fargo believes that the eventual outcome of the actions against Wells Fargo and/or its subsidiaries will not, individually or in the