products and services include checking and savings accounts, credit and debit cards, as well as home, auto, personal, and small business lending. In April 2025, we completed the acquisition of the remaining interest in our merchant processing services joint
venture, Wells Fargo Merchant Services. As a result of the acquisition, we expect increased expense related to the amortization of an intangible asset associated with the acquired merchant contracts.
Table 6a and Table 6b provide additional information for Consumer Banking and Lending.
Table 6a:
Consumer Banking and Lending – Income Statement and Selected Metrics
(continued on following page)
Earnings Performance
(continued)
(continued from previous page)
(1)
Return on allocated capital is segment net income (loss) applicable to common stock divided by segment average allocated capital. Segment net income (loss) applicable to common stock is segment net income (loss) less allocated preferred stock dividends.
(2)
Efficiency ratio is segment noninterest expense divided by segment total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income).
(3)
Digital and mobile active customers is based on the number of consumer and small business customers who have logged on via a digital or mobile device, respectively, in the prior 90 days. Digital active customers includes both online and mobile customers.
(4)
Deposit spread is (i) the internal funds transfer pricing credit on segment deposits minus interest paid to customers for segment deposits, divided by (ii) average segment deposits.
(5)
Debit card purchase volume and transactions reflect combined activity for both consumer and business debit card purchases.
(6)
Excludes residential mortgage loans subserviced for others.
(7)
Excludes residential mortgage loans that are insured or guaranteed by U.S government agencies.
(8)
Excludes loans held for sale.
(9)
Delinquency balances exclude nonaccrual loans.
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024
Revenue
decreased driven by lower net interest income due to lower loan balances and higher deposit costs, partially offset by higher deposit balances.
Noninterest expense
decreased driven by:
•
lower operating losses; and
•
the impact of efficiency initiatives;
partially offset by:
•
higher branch personnel and occupancy expense reflecting investments in our branch network.
Table 6b:
Consumer Banking and Lending – Balance Sheet
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024
Total loans (average and period-end)
decreased due to:
•
a decline in loan balances in our Home Lending business reflecting our more focused strategy for Home Lending, including paydowns of legacy residential mortgage loans; and
•
a decline in loan balances in our Auto business as paydowns exceeded originations reflecting our actions related to credit tightening;
partially offset by:
•
an increase in loan balances in our Credit Card business due to higher purchase volume and the impact of new product launches.
Total deposits (average and period-end)