points, in the same period a year ago, due to lower losses in our commercial real estate portfolio driven by the office property type and lower losses in our commercial and industrial portfolio.
•
Consumer portfolio net loan charge-offs were $798 million, or 86 basis points of average consumer loans, in first quarter 2025, compared with net loan charge-offs of $808 million, or 84 basis points, in the same period a year ago, due to lower losses in our auto and other consumer portfolios, partially offset by higher losses in our credit card portfolio.
•
Nonperforming assets (NPAs) of $8.2 billion at March 31, 2025, increased $289 million, or 4%, from December 31, 2024, driven by an increase in commercial and industrial nonaccrual loans. NPAs represented 0.90% of total loans at March 31, 2025.
Wells Fargo net income for first quarter 2025 was $4.9 billion ($1.39 diluted EPS), compared with $4.6 billion ($1.20 diluted EPS) in the same period a year ago. Net income increased in first quarter 2025, compared with the same period a year ago, predominantly due to a $447 million decrease in noninterest expense and a $442 million
decrease in income tax expense, partially offset by a $732 million
decrease in net interest income.
Net Interest Income
Net interest income and net interest margin decreased in first quarter 2025, compared with the same period a year ago, driven by the impact of lower interest rates on floating rate assets, deposit mix and pricing changes, lower loan balances, and one fewer day in the quarter, partially offset by lower market funding costs.
Table 1 presents the individual components of net interest income and net interest margin. Net interest income and net interest margin are presented on a taxable-equivalent basis in Table 1 to consistently reflect income from taxable and tax-exempt loans and debt and equity securities. The calculation for taxable-equivalent basis was based on a federal statutory tax rate of 21%.
For additional information about net interest income and net interest margin, see the “Earnings Performance – Net Interest Income” section in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Earnings Performance
(continued)
Table 1:
Average Balances, Yields and Rates Paid (Taxable-Equivalent Basis) (1)
(1)
The average balance amounts represent amortized costs, except for certain held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities, which exclude unamortized basis adjustments related to the transfer of those securities from available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities. Amortized cost amounts exclude any valuation allowances and unrealized gains or losses, which are included in other noninterest-earning assets and other noninterest-bearing liabilities. The average interest rates are based on interest income or expense amounts for the period and are annualized. Interest rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories.
(2)
Nonaccrual loans and any related income are included in