Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (CRA), of less than satisfactory, we will be prohibited, until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better, from engaging in certain new financial activities or acquiring certain companies engaged in financial activities. CRA performance is also considered by regulators in reviewing applications to establish bank branches. In addition, if the FRB finds that an FHC or any one of its subsidiary banks is not well capitalized or well managed, the FHC would be required to enter into an agreement with the FRB to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements and which may contain additional limitations or conditions. Until corrected, the FHC could be prohibited from engaging in any new financial activity or
2
acquiring companies engaged in financial activities without prior FRB approval. If the FHC fails to correct any such condition within a prescribed period, the FRB could order the FHC to divest any of its banking subsidiaries or, in the alternative, to cease engaging in financial activities.
Interstate Banking
.  A BHC may acquire banks in states other than its home state, subject to any state requirement that the bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, and the requirement that the BHC not control, prior to or following the proposed acquisition, more than 10% of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions nationwide or, unless the acquisition is the bank holding company’s initial entry into the state, more than 30% of such deposits in the state (or such lesser or greater amount set by the state). Banks are also authorized to merge across state lines, subject to the same deposit limits noted above, thereby creating interstate branches. Banks are also permitted to acquire and to establish new branches in other states.
Regulatory Approval.
In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal banking regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, financial condition, and future prospects including current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience, and integrity of management and record of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution’s record of compliance under the CRA, the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities and the risk to the stability of the United States banking system.
Holding Company Structure
Transfer of Funds from Subsidiary Banks.
The Parent’s subsidiary banks are subject to restrictions under federal law that limit the transfer of funds or other assets from such subsidiaries to the Parent and its nonbank subsidiaries (including affiliates) in so-called “covered transactions.” In general, covered transactions include loans and other extensions of credit, investments and asset