financial measures to GAAP financial measures.
Table 34:
Tangible Common Equity
(1)
Determined by applying the combined federal statutory rate and composite state income tax rates to the difference between book and tax basis of the respective goodwill and intangible assets at period-end.
LEVERAGE REQUIREMENTS.
As a BHC, we are required to maintain a supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments and maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio. Table 35 presents the leverage requirements applicable to the Company as of March 31, 2025.
Table 35:
Leverage Requirements Applicable to the Company
In addition, our IDIs are required to maintain an SLR of at least 6.00% to be considered well-capitalized under applicable regulatory capital adequacy rules and maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.00%.
Capital Management
(continued)
Table 36 presents information regarding the calculation and components of the Company’s SLR and Tier 1 leverage ratio. At March 31, 2025, each of our IDIs exceeded their applicable SLR requirements.
Table 36:
Leverage Ratios for the Company
(1)
Adjustment represents derivatives and collateral netting exposures as defined for supplementary leverage ratio determination purposes.
(2)
Adjustment represents counterparty credit risk for repo-style transactions where Wells Fargo & Company is the principal counterparty facing the client.
(3)
Adjustment represents credit equivalent amounts of other off-balance sheet exposures not already included as derivatives and repo-style transactions exposures.
(4)
Adjustment represents other permitted Tier 1 capital deductions and certain other adjustments as determined under capital rule requirements.
(5)
Represents total average assets less goodwill and other permitted Tier 1 capital deductions.
TOTAL LOSS ABSORBING CAPACITY.
As a G-SIB, we are required to have a minimum amount of equity and unsecured long-term debt for purposes of resolvability and resiliency, often referred to as Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC). U.S. G-SIBs are required to have a minimum amount of TLAC (consisting of CET1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital issued directly by the top-tier or covered BHC plus eligible external long-term debt) to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments as well as a minimum amount of eligible unsecured long-term debt.
The components used to calculate our minimum TLAC and eligible unsecured long-term debt requirements as of March 31, 2025, are presented in Table 37.
Table 37:
Components Used to Calculate TLAC and Eligible Unsecured Long-Term Debt Requirements
In August 2023, the FRB proposed rules that would, among other things, modify the calculation of eligible long-term debt that counts towards the TLAC requirements, which would reduce our TLAC ratios.
Table 38 provides our TLAC and eligible unsecured long-term debt and related ratios.
Table 38:
TLAC and Eligible Unsecured Long-