deferred compensation benefits because they have no exercise price.
(2)
For the Wells Fargo & Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2022 LTIP) and its predecessor the Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (LTICP), consists of 62,041,896 shares subject to RSRs, and a maximum of 4,976,505 performance shares. For the Supplemental 401(k) Plan, consists of 824,862 shares issuable upon distribution of benefits. For the Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan (Directors Plan), consists of 207,744 shares issuable upon distribution of deferred stock awards, and 134,286 shares issuable upon distribution of deferred compensation benefits.
(3)
We could have issued the number of shares of our common stock indicated in the following table pursuant to any of the award types listed for the plan or, if indicated for the plan, pursuant to distributions of deferred compensation benefits. No information is provided for the LTICP because no future awards will be made under this plan.
(4)
This consists of shares of common stock issuable upon distribution of deferred compensation benefits and 391 shares issuable upon distribution related to the Norwest Corporation Directors’ Formula Stock Award Plan.
(5)
We could have issued the number of shares of our common stock indicated in the table below captioned “Plans not approved by security holders” pursuant to distributions of deferred compensation benefits. No information is provided for the Norwest Corporation Directors’ Formula Stock Award Plan because no future awards or deferrals will be made under this plan and because column (a) reflects all shares issuable under those plans upon exercise or distribution of outstanding awards or deferred compensation benefits.
13
Material Features of Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders
Deferred Compensation Plan
.  Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, eligible employees may defer receipt of salary, bonuses and certain other compensation subject to the terms of the plan. Deferral elections are irrevocable once made except for limited re-deferral opportunities. We treat amounts deferred by a participant as if invested in the earnings options selected by the participant and determine the deferred compensation benefit payable to the participant based on the performance of those earnings options. The plan offers a number of earnings options, including one based on our common stock with dividends reinvested. We generally distribute amounts allocated to the common stock option in shares of common stock. Participants have no direct interest in any of the earnings options and are general unsecured creditors of the Company with respect to their deferred compensation benefits under the plan.
Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Contractors
.  Under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Contractors participants who performed qualifying investment or other financial services for participating affiliates as independent