Financial Statements in this Report.
Table 26:
Short-Term Borrowings
We access domestic and international capital markets for long-term funding through issuances of registered debt securities, private placements, securitizations, and asset-backed secured funding. We issue long-term debt in a variety of maturities and currencies to achieve cost-efficient funding and to maintain an appropriate maturity profile. Proceeds from securities issued were used for general corporate purposes unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement, and we expect the proceeds from securities issued in the future will be used for the same purposes. Depending on market
conditions and our liquidity position, we may redeem or repurchase, and subsequently retire, our outstanding debt securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions,
by tender offer, or otherwise. We issued $8.2 billion and redeemed $4.0 billion of long-term debt in April 2025. Table 27 provides the aggregate carrying value of long-term debt maturities (based on contractual payment dates) for the remainder of 2025 and the following years thereafter, as of March 31, 2025.
Table 27:
Maturity of Long-Term Debt
(1)
For additional information about credit card securitizations, see Note 13 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management
(continued)
Credit Ratings.
Investors in the long-term capital markets, as well as other market participants, generally will consider, among other factors, a company’s debt rating in making investment decisions. Rating agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, the level and quality of earnings, and rating agency assumptions regarding the probability and extent of federal financial assistance or support for certain large financial institutions. Adverse changes in these factors could result in a reduction of our credit rating; however, our debt securities do not contain credit rating covenants.
There were no actions undertaken by the rating agencies with regard to our credit ratings during first quarter 2025.
See the “Risk Factors” section in our 2024 Form 10-K for additional information regarding our credit ratings and the potential impact a credit rating downgrade would have on our liquidity and operations as well as Note 11 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report for information regarding additional collateral and funding obligations required for certain derivative instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall below investment grade.
The credit ratings of the Parent and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as of March 31, 2025, are presented in Table 28.
Table 28:
Credit Ratings as of March 31, 2025
We have an active program for managing capital through a comprehensive process for assessing the Company’s overall capital adequacy. Our