aggregate, have a material adverse effect on Wells Fargo’s consolidated financial condition. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of a matter, if unfavorable, may be material to Wells Fargo’s results of operations for any particular period.
We use derivatives to manage exposure to market risk, including interest rate risk, credit risk and foreign currency risk, and to assist customers with their risk management objectives. We designate certain derivatives as hedging instruments in qualifying hedge accounting relationships (fair value or cash flow hedges). Our remaining derivatives consist of economic hedges that do not qualify for, or we have elected not to apply, hedge accounting and derivatives held for customer accommodation trading purposes. For additional information on our derivative activities, see Note 14 (Derivatives) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Table 11.1 presents the total notional or contractual amounts and fair values for our derivatives. Derivative transactions can be measured in terms of the notional amount, but this amount is not recorded on our consolidated balance sheet and is not, when viewed in isolation, a meaningful measure of the risk profile of the instruments. The notional amount is generally not exchanged, but is used only as the basis on which derivative cash flows are determined.
Table 11.1:
Notional or Contractual Amounts and Fair Values of Derivatives
Balance Sheet Offsetting
We execute substantially all of our derivative transactions under master netting arrangements. When legally enforceable, these master netting arrangements give the ability, in the event of default by the counterparty, to liquidate securities held as collateral and to offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty. We reflect all derivative balances and related cash collateral subject to legally enforceable master netting arrangements on a net basis on our consolidated balance sheet. We do not net non-cash collateral that we receive or pledge against derivative balances on our consolidated balance sheet.
For disclosure purposes, we present “Total derivatives, net” which represents the aggregate of our net exposure to each counterparty after considering the balance sheet netting adjustments and any non-cash collateral. We manage derivative exposure by monitoring the credit risk associated with each counterparty using counterparty-specific credit risk limits, using master netting arrangements and obtaining collateral.
Table 11.2 provides information on the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities subject to legally enforceable master netting arrangements with the same counterparty, the balance sheet netting adjustments and the resulting net fair value amount recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, as well as the non-cash collateral associated with such arrangements. In addition to the netting amounts included in the table, we also have balance sheet netting related to resale and repurchase agreements that are