requirements and additional responsibilities for our audit committee, imposed restrictions on the relationship between us and our outside auditors (including restrictions on the types of non-audit services our auditors may provide to us), imposed additional responsibilities for our external financial statements on our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, expanded the disclosure requirements for our corporate insiders, required our management to evaluate our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting, and
6
required our independent registered public accounting firm to issue a report on our internal control over financial reporting.
USA PATRIOT Act
The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act) is intended to strengthen the ability of U.S. law enforcement agencies and intelligence communities to work together to combat terrorism on a variety of fronts. The USA PATRIOT Act has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA PATRIOT Act requires the implementation of policies and procedures relating to anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, suspicious activities, and currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. The USA PATRIOT Act also requires federal banking regulators to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition.
Other Regulatory Related Matters
The Company is subject to a number of consent orders and other regulatory actions, which may require the Company, among other things, to undertake certain changes to its business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices. For a discussion of certain consent orders and other regulatory actions applicable to the Company, see the “Overview” section in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Future Legislation or Regulation
Economic, market and political conditions during the past several years have led to a significant amount of legislation and regulation in the U.S. and abroad affecting the financial services industry, as well as heightened expectations and scrutiny of financial services companies from banking regulators. Further legislative changes and additional regulations may change our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such legislation and regulations could increase our cost of doing business, affect our compensation structure, restrict or expand the activities in which we may engage or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. We cannot predict whether future legislative proposals will be enacted and, if enacted, the effect that they, or any implementing regulations, would have on our business, results of operations or financial