Fargo's competitive advantages; therefore, compensation helps attract, motivate, and retain people with the skills, talent, and experience to drive superior long-term company performance.
In addition, we offer eligible full- and part-time employees and their eligible dependents a comprehensive set of benefits designed to support their physical, financial, and emotional health to help them make the most of their well-being.
Employee learning and development.
We invest in the development of our employees and managers. We believe that when our employees feel properly supported, engaged, and confident in their skills, they are more effective and can provide an even better customer experience. During 2024, we invested approximately $200 million in a variety of employee learning and development programs, including functional training, required risk and regulatory compliance, leadership and professional development, and early talent development programs. In addition, we provided tuition reimbursement for approximately 2,600 employees in 2024.
Work-life programs.
Wells Fargo offers many benefits, programs, and work arrangements intended to provide employees with flexibility and work-life balance. For example, employees in certain non-customer-facing roles have flexibility to work up to two days a week remotely, and are expected to spend a minimum of three days a week in the office. Expectations for other roles, including customer-facing, operations, contact center, and non-U.S. based employees, vary by business need.
Competition
The financial services industry is highly competitive. Our subsidiaries compete with financial services providers such as banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, insurance companies, investment banks and mutual fund companies. They also face increased competition from nonbank institutions such as brokerage houses, private equity firms and online lending companies, as well as from financial services subsidiaries of commercial and manufacturing companies. Many of these competitors enjoy fewer regulatory constraints and some may have lower cost structures.
Securities firms and insurance companies that elect to become financial holding companies may acquire banks and other financial institutions. Combinations of this type could
1
significantly change the competitive environment in which we conduct business. The financial services industry is also becoming more competitive as further technological advances enable more companies to provide financial products and services, including electronic and internet-based financial solutions such as electronic securities trading, lending and payment solutions, as well as digital currencies and alternative payment methods. These technological advances may diminish the importance of depository institutions and other financial intermediaries in the transfer of funds between parties.
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION
The U.S. financial services