condition.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Additional information in response to this Item 1 can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Review” and under “Financial Statements.” That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
Information in response to this Item 1A can be found in this report under Item 1 and in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Review – Risk Factors.” That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
Not applicable.
Information in response to this Item 1C can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Review – Risk Management – Operational Risk Management.” That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
7
(1)
In addition to the total square footage of property occupied, Wells Fargo held 4.4 million square feet of real estate as of December 31, 2024, that was vacant pending disposition, leased to retail tenants or leased-to-term by third-party office tenants.
As of December 31, 2024, we provided a diversified set of banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through banking locations and offices. The locations and offices occupied by the Company are used across all of our reportable operating segments and for corporate purposes. We continue to evaluate our owned and leased properties and may determine from time to time that certain of our properties are no longer necessary for our operations. There is no assurance that we will be able to dispose of any excess properties or that we will not incur charges in connection with such dispositions, which could be material to our operating results in a given period.
Information in response to this Item 3 can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Statements – Notes to Financial Statements – Note 13 (Legal Actions).” That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
Not applicable.
8
PART II
MARKET INFORMATION
The Company’s common stock is listed on the NYSE (symbol “WFC”). The “Stock Performance” section of the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders provides stockholder return comparisons and is incorporated herein by reference. At February 14, 2025, there were 197,936 holders of record of the Company’s common stock.
DIVIDENDS
The dividend restrictions discussions in the “Regulation and Supervision – Dividend and Share Repurchase Restrictions” section under Item 1 of this report and in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Statements – Notes to Financial Statements – Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions)” are incorporated into this item by reference.
REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
The information in the “Capital Management – Securities Repurchases” section in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders is incorporated into this item by reference.
The following table shows Company repurchases of its common stock for each calendar month in the quarter