incentive compensation expense, partially offset by the impact of efficiency initiatives.
Table 6f:
Corporate and Investment Banking – Balance Sheet
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024
Total loans (average)
decreased
driven by commercial real estate loan payoffs exceeding originations and draws on existing loan accounts.
Total loans (period-end)
increased driven by commercial and industrial loan originations and draws on existing loan accounts exceeding loan payoffs.
Total trading-related assets (average and period-end)
increased reflecting:
•
higher trading account securities driven by growth across all asset classes; and
•
an increased volume of reverse repurchase agreements.
Total deposits (average and period-end)
increased driven by additions of deposits from new and existing customers.
Earnings Performance
(continued)
Wealth and Investment Management
provides personalized wealth management, brokerage, financial planning, lending, private banking, trust and fiduciary products and services to affluent, high-net worth and ultra-high-net worth clients. We operate through financial advisors in our brokerage and wealth
offices, consumer bank branches, independent offices, and digitally through WellsTrade® and Intuitive Investor®
.
Table 6g and Table 6h provide additional information for Wealth and Investment Management (WIM).
Table 6g:
Wealth and Investment Management
NM- Not meaningful
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024
Revenue
increased driven by:
•
higher investment advisory and other asset-based fees driven by higher asset-based fees reflecting higher market valuations;
partially offset by:
•
lower net interest income driven by higher deposit costs, partially offset by higher deposit and loan balances.
Noninterest expense
increased reflecting higher personnel expense driven by higher revenue-related compensation expense, partially offset by the impact of efficiency initiatives.
Total deposits (average and period-end)
increased driven by higher brokerage deposit balances.
WIM Advisory Assets.
In addition to transactional accounts, WIM offers advisory account relationships to brokerage customers. Fees from advisory accounts are based on a percentage of the market value of the assets as of the beginning of the quarter, which vary across the account types based on the distinct services provided, and are affected by investment performance as well as asset inflows and outflows. Advisory accounts include assets that are financial advisor-directed and separately managed by third-party managers as well as certain client-directed brokerage assets where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do not have investment discretion.
WIM also manages personal trust and other assets for high net worth clients, with fee income earned based on a percentage of the market value of these assets.
Table 6h presents advisory assets activity by WIM line of business. Management believes that advisory assets is a useful metric because it allows