BANKING ACTIVITIES.
We sell residential and commercial mortgage loans to various parties. In connection with our sales and securitization of residential mortgage loans, we have established a mortgage repurchase liability. For information on our repurchase liability, see the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management – Mortgage Banking Activities” section in our 2024 Form 10-K.
In addition to servicing loans in our portfolio, we act as servicer of residential and commercial mortgage loans included in government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) mortgage securitizations, GNMA-guaranteed mortgage securitizations of FHA-insured/VA-guaranteed mortgages and private label mortgage securitizations, as well as for unsecuritized loans owned by institutional investors.
As a servicer, we are required to advance certain delinquent payments of principal and interest on mortgage loans we service. The amount and timing of reimbursement for advances of delinquent payments vary by investor and the applicable servicing agreements. See Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information about residential and commercial servicing rights, servicer advances and servicing fees.
In accordance with applicable servicing guidelines, upon transfer as servicer, we have the option to repurchase loans from certain loan securitizations, which generally becomes exercisable based on delinquency status such as when three scheduled loan payments are past due. When we have the unilateral option to repurchase a loan, we recognize the loan and a corresponding liability on our balance sheet regardless of our intent to repurchase the loan. We may repurchase these loans for cash and as a result, our total consolidated assets do not change.
Loans repurchased from GNMA securitization pools that regain current status or are otherwise modified in accordance with applicable servicing guidelines may be included in future GNMA loan securitization pools. At March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, these loans, which we have repurchased or have the unilateral option to repurchase, were $7.4 billion and $7.5 billion, respectively, which included $6.9 billion and $7.1 billion, respectively, in loans held for investment, with the remainder in loans held for sale. See Note 13 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information about our involvement with mortgage loan securitizations.
For additional information about the risks related to our servicing activities, see the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management – Mortgage Banking Activities” section in our 2024 Form 10-K. For additional information on mortgage banking activities, see Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Asset/Liability Management
Asset/liability management involves measuring, monitoring and managing interest rate risk, market risk, liquidity and funding. For additional information on our