Goodwill
Table 7.2 presents the components of other assets.
Table 7.2:
Other Assets
(1)
Corporate/bank-owned life insurance is recognized at cash surrender value.
(2)
Includes derivatives clearinghouse receivables and trade date receivables.
(3)
Includes income tax receivables, prepaid expenses, and physical commodities inventory (recognized at lower of cost or fair value (LOCOM)).
The information below provides a summary of our leasing activities as a lessor and lessee. See Note 8 (Leasing Activity) in our 2024 Form 10-K for additional information about our leasing activities.
As a Lessor
Noninterest income on leases, included in Table 8.1 is included in other noninterest income on our consolidated statement of income. Lease expense, included in other noninterest expense on our consolidated statement of income, was $
157
million and $
164
million in first quarter 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Table 8.1:
Leasing Revenue
(1)    Includes net gains or (losses) on disposition of assets leased under operating leases or lease financings.
As a Lessee
Table 8.2 presents balances for our operating leases.
Table 8.2:
Operating Lease Right-of-Use (ROU) Assets and Lease Liabilities
Total lease costs, which are included in occupancy expense, were $
310
million and $
293
million in first quarter 2025 and 2024, respectively.
We are authorized to issue
20
million shares of preferred stock, without par value. Outstanding preferred shares rank senior to common shares both as to the payment of dividends and liquidation preferences but have no general voting rights. All outstanding preferred stock with a liquidation preference value, except for Series L Preferred Stock, may be redeemed for the liquidation preference value, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, on any dividend payment date on or after the earliest redemption date for that series. Additionally, these same series of preferred stock may be redeemed following a “regulatory
capital treatment event,” as described in the terms of each series. Capital actions, including redemptions of our preferred stock, may be subject to regulatory approval or conditions.
In addition, we are authorized to issue
4
million shares of preference stock, without par value. We have
not
issued any preference shares under this authorization. If issued, preference shares would be limited to
one
vote per share.
Table 9.1 summarizes information about our preferred stock.
Table 9.1:
Preferred Stock
(1)
At the option of the holder, each share of Series L Preferred Stock may be converted at any time into
6.3814
shares of common stock, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. If converted within 30 days of certain liquidation or change of control events, the holder may receive up to
16.5916
additional shares, or, at our option, receive an equivalent amount of cash in lieu of common stock. We may convert some or all of the Series L Preferred Stock into shares of common stock if the closing price of our