based on the cost and use of the service provided. Enterprise functions, such as operations, technology, and risk management, are included in Corporate with an allocation of their applicable costs to the reportable operating segments based on the level of support provided by the enterprise function. We periodically assess and update our revenue sharing and expense allocation methodologies.
Taxable-Equivalent Adjustments.
Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for affordable housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company’s consolidated financial results.
Allocated Capital.
Reportable operating segments are allocated capital under a risk-sensitive framework that is primarily based on aspects of our regulatory capital requirements, and the assumptions and methodologies used to allocate capital are periodically assessed and updated. Management believes that return on allocated capital is a useful financial measure because it enables management, investors, and others to assess a reportable operating segment’s use of capital.
Selected Metrics.
We present certain financial and nonfinancial metrics that management uses when evaluating reportable operating segment results. Management believes that these metrics are useful to investors and others to assess the performance, customer growth, and trends of reportable operating segments or lines of business.
Table 5:
Management Reporting Structure
Earnings Performance
(continued)
Table 6 and the following discussion present our results by reportable operating segment. For additional information, see Note 17 (Operating Segments) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Table 6:
Operating Segment Results – Highlights
(1)
All other business activities that are not included in the reportable operating segments have been included in Corporate. For additional information, see the “Corporate” section below.
(2)
Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for affordable housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company’s consolidated financial results.
Consumer Banking and Lending
offers diversified financial products and services for consumers and small businesses with annual sales generally up to $10 million. These financial