regulating swaps and security-based swaps, respectively, and the OCC and other federal regulatory agencies have adopted margin requirements for uncleared swaps and security-based swaps. As a registered swap dealer and a conditionally-registered security-based swap dealer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., is subject to these rules.
Regulatory Developments Related to Climate Change and Sustainability
Federal, state, and non-U.S. governments and government agencies have demonstrated increased attention to the impacts and potential risks associated with climate change and sustainability-related activities. For example, federal banking regulators are reviewing the implications of climate change on the financial stability of the United States and have issued guidance on the identification and management by large banks of climate-related financial risks. In addition, the SEC adopted final rules, which have been voluntarily stayed pending legal proceedings, requiring public companies to disclose certain climate-related information, including climate-related risks and impacts, certain greenhouse gas emissions, climate-related targets and goals, and governance of climate-related risks and relevant risk management processes. Similarly, California finalized climate-related disclosure laws, while multiple other states have proposed or adopted laws and guidance with requirements for, or restrictions on, sustainability-related initiatives or disclosures. Additionally, the European Union finalized its Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) requiring companies to assess climate risks, opportunities, and impacts as well as disclose certain climate-related information, and also finalized its Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) requiring companies to adopt and implement a transition plan for climate change mitigation. The approaches taken by various governments and government agencies can vary significantly, evolve over time, and sometimes conflict. Any current or future rules, regulations, and guidance related to climate change and its impacts could require us to change certain of our business practices or strategies, reduce our revenue and earnings, impose additional costs on us, subject us to legal or regulatory proceedings, or otherwise adversely affect our business operations and/or competitive position.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) implemented a broad range of corporate governance and accounting measures designed to increase corporate responsibility, provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies, and protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of disclosures under federal securities laws. We are subject to Sarbanes-Oxley because we are required to file periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Among other things, Sarbanes-Oxley and/or its implementing regulations established membership