guarantees the payment of principal, interest, and any other amounts that may be due on securities that its 100% owned finance subsidiary, Wells Fargo Finance LLC, may issue.
These securities are not guaranteed by any other subsidiary of the Parent. The guaranteed liabilities were $
1.3
billion at both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024. These guarantees rank on parity with all of the Parent’s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.
Note 14:
Guarantees and Other Commitments
(continued)
OTHER COMMITMENTS.
As of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, we had commitments to purchase equity securities of $
6.8
billion and $
6.6
billion, respectively, which predominantly included Federal Reserve Bank stock and tax credit investments accounted for using the equity method.
We have commitments to enter into resale and securities borrowing agreements as well as repurchase and securities lending agreements with certain counterparties, including central clearing organizations. The amount of our unfunded contractual commitments for resale and securities borrowing agreements was $
41.7
billion and $
27.3
billion as of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively. The amount of our unfunded contractual commitments for repurchase and securities lending agreements was $
2.8
billion and $
2.0
billion as of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Given the nature of these commitments, they are excluded from Table 5.4 (Unfunded Credit Commitments) in Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses).
We enter into resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending agreements (collectively, “securities financing activities”) typically to finance trading positions (including securities and derivatives), acquire securities to cover short trading positions, accommodate customers’ financing needs, and settle other securities obligations. These activities are conducted through our broker-dealer subsidiaries and, to a lesser extent, through other bank entities. Our securities financing activities predominantly involve high-quality, liquid securities such as U.S. Treasury securities and government agency securities and, to a lesser extent, less liquid securities, including equity securities, corporate bonds and asset-backed securities. We account for these transactions as collateralized financings in which we typically receive or pledge securities as collateral. We believe these financing transactions generally do not have material credit risk given the collateral provided and the related monitoring processes.
OFFSETTING OF SECURITIES FINANCING ACTIVITIES.
Table 15.1 presents resale and repurchase agreements subject to master repurchase agreements (MRA) and securities borrowing and lending agreements subject to master securities lending agreements (MSLA). Where legally enforceable, these master netting arrangements give the ability, in the event of default by the counterparty, to liquidate securities held as collateral