of any unearned income, cumulative charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, and unamortized premiums or discounts on purchased loans. These amounts were less than
1
% of our total loans outstanding at both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024.
Outstanding balances exclude accrued interest receivable on loans, except for certain revolving loans, such as credit card loans.
See Note 7 (Intangible Assets and Other Assets) for additional information on accrued interest receivable. Amounts considered to be uncollectible are reversed through interest income. During first quarter 2025, we reversed accrued interest receivable of $
19
million for our commercial portfolio segment and $
102
million for our consumer portfolio segment, compared with $
15
million and $
96
million, respectively, for the same period a year ago.
Table 5.1:
Loans Outstanding
(1)
Includes $
21.7
billion and $
21.4
billion at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively, of securities-based loans originated by the Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) operating segment.
Our non-U.S. loans are reported by respective class of financing receivable in the table above. Substantially all of our non-U.S. loan portfolio is commercial loans. Table 5.2 presents total non-U.S. commercial loans outstanding by class of financing receivable.
Table 5.2:
Non-U.S. Commercial Loans Outstanding
Loan Purchases, Sales, and Transfers
Table 5.3 presents the proceeds paid or received for purchases and sales of loans and transfers from loans held for investment to mortgages/loans held for sale. The table excludes loans for
which we have elected the fair value option and government insured/guaranteed loans because their loan activity normally does not impact the ACL.
Table 5.3:
Loan Purchases, Sales, and Transfers
Note 5:
Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses
(continued)
Unfunded Credit Commitments
Unfunded credit commitments are legally binding agreements to lend to customers with terms covering usage of funds, contractual interest rates, expiration dates, and any required collatera
l. Our commercial lending commitments include, but are not limited to, (i) commitments for working capital and general corporate purposes, (ii) financing to customers who warehouse financial assets secured by real estate, consumer, or corporate loans, (iii) financing that is expected to be syndicated or replaced with other forms of long-term financing, and (iv) commercial real estate lending. We also originate multipurpose lending commitments under which commercial customers have the option to draw on the facility in one of several forms, including the issuance of letters of credit, which reduces the unfunded commitment amounts of the facility.
The maximum credit risk for these commitments will generally be lower than the contractual amount because these commitments may expire without being used or may be cancelled at the customer’s request. We may reduce or cancel lines of credit in