ended December 31, 2024.
(1)
All shares were repurchased under an authorization covering up to $30 billion of common stock approved by the Board of Directors and publicly announced by the Company on July 25, 2023. Unless modified or revoked by the Board of Directors, this authorization does not expire.
Information in response to this Item 7 can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Review.” That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
Information in response to this Item 7A can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Review – Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management.” That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
Information in response to this Item 8 can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Statements,” under “Notes to Financial Statements” and under “Quarterly Financial Data.” That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
9
Not applicable.
Information in response to this Item 9A can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Controls and Procedures.” That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
Trading Plans
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company
adopted
or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act
Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to the Government of Iran or with certain individuals or entities that are the subject of sanctions under U.S. law. Disclosure may be required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law.
In 2024, the Company identified, as well as blocked and reported to the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), accounts held by certain consumer customers who the Company determined met the OFAC definition of the “Government of Iran” because of their employment at entities owned by the Government of Iran. During 2024, before the accounts were closed and the funds, if any, were moved to a blocked account, there was some regular consumer activity in many of the accounts, including customer deposits, withdrawals, charges and payments, the payment of accrued interest, and account maintenance activities. The Company’s gross revenue attributable to these accounts in 2024 was de minimis. The Company does not intend to engage in further activity with these accounts.
In fourth quarter 2024, the Company received one wire deposit into a customer bank account totaling $500,000 related to the customer’s provision of