help manage counterparty exposure. We would be required to perform under the credit derivatives we sold in the event of default by the referenced obligors. Events of default include events such as bankruptcy, capital restructuring or lack of principal and/or interest payment.
Table 11.9 provides details of sold credit derivatives.
Table 11.9:
Sold Credit Derivatives
Protection sold represents the estimated maximum exposure to loss that would be incurred if, upon an event of default, the value of our interests and any associated collateral declined to zero, and does not take into consideration any recovery value from the referenced obligation or offset from collateral held or any economic hedges.
The amounts under non-investment grade represent the notional amounts of those credit derivatives on which we have a higher risk of being required to perform under the terms of the credit derivative and are a function of the underlying assets.
We consider the credit risk to be low if the underlying assets under the credit derivative have an external rating that is investment grade. If an external rating is not available, we classify the credit derivative as non-investment grade.
Our maximum exposure to sold credit derivatives is managed through posted collateral, which may include cash and non-cash collateral, and purchased credit derivatives with identical or similar reference positions in order to achieve our desired credit risk profile. Our credit risk management approach is designed to provide the ability to recover amounts that would be paid under sold credit derivatives.
Credit-Risk Contingent Features
Certain of our derivative contracts contain provisions whereby if the credit rating of our debt were to be downgraded by certain major credit rating agencies, the counterparty could demand additional collateral or require termination or replacement of derivative instruments in a net liability position.
Table 11.10 illustrates our exposure to OTC bilateral derivative contracts with credit-risk contingent features, collateral we have posted, and the additional collateral we would be required to post if the credit rating of our debt was downgraded below investment grade.
Table 11.10:
Credit-Risk Contingent Features
(1)
Any credit rating below investment grade requires us to post the maximum amount of collateral.
We use fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to fulfill fair value disclosure requirements. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, such as derivatives, residential MSRs, and trading or AFS debt securities, are presented in Table 12.1 in this Note. Additionally, from time to time, we record fair value adjustments on a nonrecurring basis. These nonrecurring adjustments typically involve application of an accounting method such as lower of cost or fair value (LOCOM) and the measurement alternative, or write-downs of individual assets. Assets recorded at fair value