operational stress, but has not yet deteriorated to the point where liquidation or resolution is imminent. If either the FRB or the OCC determines that our recovery plan is deficient, they may impose fines, restrictions on our business or ultimately require us to divest assets.
Dividend and Share Repurchase Restrictions
The Parent is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiary banks and other subsidiaries. A significant source of funds to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and principal and interest on our debt is dividends from the Parent’s subsidiaries. Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends the Parent’s subsidiary banks and certain other subsidiaries may pay without regulatory approval. Federal banking regulators have the authority to prohibit the Parent’s subsidiary banks from engaging in unsafe or unsound practices in conducting their businesses. The payment of dividends, depending on the financial condition of the bank in question, could be deemed an unsafe or unsound practice. Similarly, as part of their supervisory authority, regulators may limit or restrict subsidiary capital distributions. The ability of the Parent’s subsidiary banks to pay dividends in the future is currently, and could be further, influenced by bank regulatory policies and capital requirements. For information about the restrictions applicable to the Parent’s subsidiary banks, see
Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to Financial Statements in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Furthermore, under the Support Agreement, the IHC may be restricted from making dividend payments to the Parent if certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers, or if the Parent’s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Any such restriction could materially and adversely impact the Parent’s liquidity and its ability to satisfy its debt and other obligations, as well as its ability to make dividend payments on its common and preferred stock. See the “Risk Factors” section of the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for additional information on the Support Agreement.
In addition to these restrictions on the ability of our subsidiary banks to pay dividends to us, the FRB requires large BHCs, including Wells Fargo, to submit annual capital plans describing planned capital distributions, such as the payment of dividends and share repurchases. Large BHCs, like Wells Fargo, and their insured depository institutions also must comply with various capital requirements, including the reforms known as Basel III, as well as rules that establish leverage and supplementary leverage ratio requirements. We are also subject to the FRB's rule implementing an additional capital surcharge on those U.S. banking organizations, such as the Company, that are designated as global systemically important banks (G-SIBs). The failure to meet any of