of on- and off-balance sheet transactions with special purpose entities (SPEs), which are corporations, trusts, limited liability companies or partnerships that are established for a limited purpose. Generally, SPEs are formed in connection with securitization transactions and are considered variable interest entities (VIEs). For additional information, see Note 13 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Guarantees and Other Commitments
Guarantees are contracts that contingently require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on an event or a change in an underlying asset, liability, rate or index. Guarantees are generally in the form of standby and direct pay letters of credit, written options, recourse obligations, exchange and clearing house guarantees, indemnifications, and other types of similar arrangements. We also enter into other commitments such as commitments to purchase securities under resale agreements. For additional information, see Note 14 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Derivatives
We use derivatives to manage exposure to market risk, including interest rate risk, credit risk and foreign currency risk, and to assist customers with their risk management objectives. Derivatives are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet at fair value, and volume can be measured in terms of the notional amount, which is generally not exchanged, but is used only as the basis on which interest and other payments are determined. The notional amount is not recorded on our consolidated balance sheet and is not, when viewed in isolation, a meaningful measure of the risk profile of the instruments. For additional information, see Note 11 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Wells Fargo manages a variety of risks that can significantly affect our financial performance and our ability to meet the expectations of our customers, shareholders, regulators and other stakeholders.
For additional information about how we manage risk, see the “Risk Management” section in our 2024 Form 10-K. The discussion that follows supplements our discussion of the management of certain risks contained in the “Risk Management” section in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Credit Risk Management
Credit risk is the risk of loss associated with a borrower or counterparty default (failure to meet obligations in accordance with agreed upon terms). Credit risk exists with many of the Company’s assets and exposures such as debt security holdings, certain derivatives, and loans.
The Board’s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for credit risk. At the management level, Corporate Credit Risk, which is part of Independent Risk Management, has oversight responsibility for credit risk. Corporate Credit Risk reports to the Chief Risk Officer and supports periodic reports related to credit risk provided to the Board’s Risk Committee.
Loan Portfolio
.
Our loan portfolios