federal banking regulators to establish certain non-capital safety and soundness standards for institutions for which they are the primary federal regulator. The standards relate generally to operations and management, asset quality, interest rate exposure, executive compensation and risk management. Federal banking regulators are authorized to take action against institutions that fail to meet such standards.
The FDI Act requires federal banking regulators to take “prompt corrective action” with respect to FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. A depository institution’s treatment for purposes of the prompt corrective action provisions will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation.
In addition, the FRB’s capital plan rule establishes capital planning and other requirements that govern capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, by certain BHCs, including Wells Fargo. Federal banking regulators also require stress tests to evaluate whether an institution has sufficient capital to continue to operate during periods of adverse economic and financial conditions.
For additional information on our capital requirements and planning, as well as the leverage and liquidity rules applicable to us, see the “Capital Management” and “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Liquidity Risk and Funding – Liquidity Standards” sections in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
“Living Will” Requirements and Related Matters
Living Will
.  Rules adopted by the FRB and the FDIC under the Dodd-Frank Act require large financial institutions, including Wells Fargo, to prepare and periodically submit resolution plans, also known as “living wills,” designed to facilitate their rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. Under the rules, rapid and orderly resolution means a reorganization or liquidation of a covered company under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code that can be accomplished in a reasonable period of time and in a manner that substantially mitigates the risk that failure would have serious adverse effects on the financial stability of the United States. In addition to the Company’s resolution plan, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”) is also required to prepare and periodically submit a resolution plan. If the FRB and FDIC determine that our resolution plan has deficiencies, they may impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements on us or restrict our growth, activities or operations until we adequately remedy the deficiencies. If the FRB and FDIC ultimately determine that we have been unable to remedy any deficiencies, they could require us to divest certain assets or operations. On June 21, 2024, the FRB and FDIC announced that the Company’s most recent resolution plan did not have any shortcomings or deficiencies.
If Wells Fargo were to fail, it may