Analysis and Review (CCAR), plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends. Because the stress capital buffer is calculated annually based on data that can differ over time, our stress capital buffer, and thus our risk-based capital ratio requirements under the Standardized Approach, are subject to change in future periods. Our stress capital buffer for the period October 1, 2024, through September 30, 2025, is 3.80%. In April 2025, the FRB proposed changes to the supervisory stress test process.
Table 29:
Risk-Based Capital Requirements – Standardized and Advanced Approaches
Capital Management
(continued)
As a global systemically important bank (G-SIB), we are also subject to the FRB’s rule implementing an additional capital surcharge between 1.00-4.50% on the risk-based capital ratio requirements of G-SIBs. Under the rule, we must annually calculate our surcharge under two methods and use the higher of the two surcharges. The first method (method one) considers our size, interconnectedness, cross-jurisdictional activity, substitutability, and complexity, consistent with the methodology developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) and the Financial Stability Board (FSB). The second method (method two) uses similar inputs, but replaces substitutability with use of short-term wholesale funding and will generally result in higher surcharges than under method one. Because the G-SIB capital surcharge is calculated annually based on data that can differ over time, the amount of the surcharge is subject to change in future years. If our annual calculation results in a decrease to our G-SIB capital surcharge, the decrease takes effect the next calendar year. If our annual calculation results in an increase to our G-SIB capital surcharge, the increase takes
effect in two calendar years. Our G-SIB capital surcharge will continue to be 1.50% in 2025. On July 27, 2023, the FRB issued a proposed rule that would impact the methodology used to calculate the G-SIB capital surcharge.
Under the risk-based capital rules, on-balance sheet assets and credit equivalent amounts of derivatives and off-balance sheet items are assigned to one of several broad risk categories according to the obligor, or, if relevant, the guarantor or the nature of any collateral. The aggregate dollar amount in each risk category is then multiplied by the risk weight associated with that category. The resulting weighted values from each of the risk categories are aggregated for determining total risk-weighted assets (RWAs).
The tables that follow provide information about our risk-based capital and related ratios as calculated under Basel III capital rules. Table 30 summarizes our CET1, Tier 1 capital, Total capital, RWAs and capital ratios.
Table 30:
Capital Components and Ratios
*
Denotes the binding ratio under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches at March 31, 2025.
(1)
Represents the minimum ratios required to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and