(losses) related to mortgage banking activities were recorded in mortgage banking noninterest income. These activities include hedges of residential MSRs, residential mortgage LHFS, derivative loan commitments, and other interests held. For additional information on our mortgage banking interest rate contracts, see Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities). Other derivative gains and (losses) not related to mortgage banking were recorded in other noninterest income.
(2)
Includes derivative gains and (losses) used to economically hedge the deferred compensation plan liabilities, which were recorded in personnel noninterest expense, and derivative instruments related to our previous sales of shares of Visa Inc. Class B common stock, which were recorded in other noninterest income.
(3)
Includes derivatives used to mitigate foreign exchange risk of specified foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Gains and (losses) were recorded in net gains from trading and securities within noninterest income.
(4)
Includes credit derivatives used to mitigate credit risk associated with loans. Gains and (losses) were recorded in other noninterest income.
DERIVATIVE VALUATION ADJUSTMENTS.
We incorporate certain adjustments in determining the fair value of our derivatives, including credit valuation adjustments (CVA) to reflect counterparty credit risk related to derivative assets, debit valuation adjustments (DVA) to reflect Wells Fargo’s own credit risk related to derivative liabilities, and funding valuation adjustments (FVA) to reflect the funding cost of uncollateralized or partially collateralized derivative assets and liabilities. CVA, which considers the effects of enforceable master netting agreements and collateral arrangements, reflects market-based views of the credit quality of each counterparty. We estimate CVA based on observed credits spreads in the credit default swap market and indices indicative of the credit quality of the counterparties to our derivatives.
Table 11.7 presents the impact of derivative valuation adjustments (excluding the effect of any related hedges), which are included in net gains (losses) from trading and securities on the consolidated statement of income. For additional information, see Note 2 (Trading Activities).
Table 11.7:
Net Gains (Losses) from Derivative Valuation Adjustments
Table 11.8 presents the impact of derivative valuation adjustments on derivative fair values.
Table 11.8:
Derivative Valuation Adjustments
Sold Credit Derivatives
Credit derivative contracts are arrangements whose value is derived from the transfer of credit risk of a reference asset or entity from one party (the purchaser of credit protection) to another party (the seller of credit protection). We generally use credit derivatives to assist customers with their risk management objectives by purchasing and selling credit protection on corporate debt obligations through the use of credit default swaps or through risk participation swaps to