provided by automated valuation models (AVMs) for the property. If an AVM is not available, then the value is estimated using the original appraised value adjusted by the change in Home Price Index (HPI) for the property location. If an HPI is not available, the original appraised value is used. The HPI value is normally the only method considered for high value properties, generally with an original value of $
1.5
million or more, as the AVM values have proven less accurate for these properties. Generally, we update LTVs on a quarterly basis. Certain loans do not have an LTV due to a lack of industry data availability and portfolios acquired from or serviced by other institutions.
Gross charge-offs by loan class are included in the following tables for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, and year ended December 31, 2024, which we monitor as part of our credit risk management practices; however, charge-offs are not a primary credit quality indicator for our loan portfolio.
Credit quality information is provided with the year of origination for term loans. Revolving loans may convert to term loans as a result of a contractual provision in the original loan agreement or if modified for a borrower experiencing financial difficulty.
Table 5.9 provides the outstanding balances of our residential mortgage loans by our primary credit quality indicators.
Table 5.9:
Credit Quality Indicators for Residential Mortgage Loans by Vintage
(1)
Represents residential mortgage loans whose repayments are insured or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, such as the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). Loans insured/guaranteed by U.S. government agencies and 90+ DPD totaled $
2.6
billion and $
2.8
billion at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
(2)
Reflects total loan balances with LTV amounts in excess of 100%. In the event of default, the loss content would generally be limited to only the amount in excess of 100% LTV.
Note 5:
Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses
(continued)
Table 5.10 provides the outstanding balances of our credit card loan portfolio by primary credit quality indicators.
The revolving loans converted to term loans in the credit card loan category represent credit card loans with modified terms that require payment over a specific term.
Table 5.10:
Credit Quality Indicators for Credit Card Loans
Table 5.11 provides the outstanding balances of our Auto loan portfolio by primary credit quality indicators.
Table 5.11:
Credit Quality Indicators for Auto Loans by Vintage
Note 5:
Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses
(continued)
Table 5.12 provides the outstanding balances of our Other consumer loans portfolio by primary credit quality indicators.
Table 5.12:
Credit Quality Indicators for Other Consumer Loans by Vintage
(1)
Substantially all loans are revolving securities-based loans originated by the WIM operating segment and therefore do not require a FICO score.
(2)
Includes