were insignificant at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024.
(2)
Includes zero coupon notes for which the aggregate unpaid principal amount reflects the contractual principal due at maturity.
Table 12.8 reflects amounts included in earnings related to initial measurement and subsequent changes in fair value, by income statement line item, for assets and liabilities for which the fair
value option was elected. Amounts recorded in net interest income are excluded from the table below.
Table 12.8:
Gains (Losses) on Changes in Fair Value Included in Earnings
For performing loans, instrument-specific credit risk gains or losses are derived principally by determining the change in fair value of the loans due to changes in the observable or implied credit spread. Credit spread is the market yield on the loans less the relevant risk-free benchmark interest rate. For nonperforming loans, we attribute all changes in fair value to instrument-specific credit risk. For LHFS accounted for under the fair value option, instrument-specific credit gains or losses were insignificant during the first quarter of both 2025 and 2024.
For interest-bearing deposits and long-term debt, instrument-specific credit risk gains or losses represent the impact of changes in fair value due to changes in our credit spread and are generally derived using observable secondary bond market information. These impacts are recorded within the debit valuation adjustments (DVA) in OCI. See Note 21 (Other Comprehensive Income) for additional information.
Note 12:
Fair Value Measurements
(continued)
Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Table 12.9 presents a summary of fair value estimates for financial instruments that are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis. Some financial instruments are excluded from the scope of this table, such as certain insurance contracts, certain nonmarketable equity securities, and leases. This table also excludes assets and liabilities that are not financial instruments such as the value of the long-term relationships with our deposit, credit card and trust customers, MSRs, premises and equipment, goodwill and deferred taxes.
Loan commitments, standby letters of credit and commercial and similar letters of credit are not included in
Table 12.9. A reasonable estimate of the fair value of these instruments is the carrying value of deferred fees plus the allowance for unfunded credit commitments, which totaled $
621
million and $
546
million at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
The total of the fair value calculations presented does not represent, and should not be construed to represent, the underlying fair value of the Company.
Table 12.9:
Fair Value Estimates for Financial Instruments
(1)
Amounts consist of financial instruments for which carrying value approximates fair value.
(2)
Excludes lease financing, net of allowance for credit losses, of $
15.9
billion and $
16.2
billion at March 31, 2025, and December 31,