and to offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty.
Securities financings with the same counterparty are presented net on our consolidated balance sheet, provided certain criteria are met that permit balance sheet netting. The majority of transactions subject to these agreements do not meet those criteria and thus are not eligible for balance sheet netting.
Securities collateral we pledge is not netted on our consolidated balance sheet against the related liability. Securities collateral we receive is not recognized on our consolidated balance sheet. Collateral pledged or received may be increased or decreased over time to maintain certain contractual thresholds, as the assets underlying each arrangement fluctuate in value. For additional information on collateral pledged and received, see Note 16 (Pledged Assets and Collateral). Generally, these agreements require collateral to exceed the asset or liability recognized on the balance sheet. The following table includes the amount of collateral pledged or received related to exposures subject to enforceable MRAs or MSLAs. While these agreements are typically over-collateralized, the disclosure in this table is limited to the reported amount of such collateral to the amount of the related recognized asset or liability for each counterparty.
In addition to the amounts included in Table 15.1, we also have balance sheet netting related to derivatives that is disclosed in Note 11 (Derivatives).
Table 15.1:
Offsetting – Securities Financing Activities
(1)
Represents recognized amount of resale and repurchase agreements with counterparties subject to enforceable MRAs that have been offset within our consolidated balance sheet.
(2)
Included in federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements on our consolidated balance sheet. Excludes $
22.3
billion and $
21.8
billion classified on our consolidated balance sheet in loans at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively, which relates to resale agreements involving collateral other than securities as part of our commercial lending business activities.
(3)
Represents the fair value of collateral we have received under enforceable MRAs or MSLAs, limited in the table above to the amount of the recognized asset due from each counterparty.
(4)
Represents the amount of our exposure (assets) or obligation (liabilities) that is not collateralized and/or is not subject to an enforceable MRA or MSLA.
(5)
Included in short-term borrowings on our consolidated balance sheet.
(6)
Represents the fair value of collateral we have pledged, related to enforceable MRAs or MSLAs, limited in the table above to the amount of the recognized liability owed to each counterparty.
Note 15:
Securities Financing Activities
(continued)
REPURCHASE AND SECURITIES LENDING AGREEMENTS.
Securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities lending arrangements are effectively short-term collateralized borrowings. In these transactions, we receive