sources.
We maintain primary sources of liquidity in the form of central bank deposits and high-quality liquid debt securities, which collectively totaled $517.9 billion as of March 31, 2025. Our high-quality liquid debt securities presented in Table 25 are substantially the same in composition as HQLA eligible securities under the LCR rule; however, they will generally exceed HQLA eligible securities due to the applicable LCR haircuts and the exclusion of LCR adjustments for excess liquidity that is not transferable from certain subsidiaries.
We believe our high-quality liquid debt securities provide reliable sources of liquidity through sales or by pledging to obtain financing, in both normal and stressed market conditions. High-quality liquid debt securities include AFS, HTM, and trading debt securities, as well as debt securities received through securities financing activities.
As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately $595.2 billion of borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Discount Window and Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLB). This borrowing capacity included $234.1 billion related to pledged high-quality liquid debt securities within our primary sources of liquidity and $361.1 billion related to pledged loans and other debt securities within our contingent sources of liquidity.
Table 25:
Total Available Liquidity Sources
(1)
Presented at fair value and includes unencumbered securities.
(2)
Presented at borrowing capacity, net of haircuts.
Funding Sources.
The Parent acts as a source of funding for the Company through the issuance of long-term debt and equity. WFC Holdings, LLC (the “IHC”) is an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent, which provides funding support for the ongoing operational requirements of the Parent and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries. For additional information on the IHC, see the “Regulation and Supervision – ‘Living Will’ Requirements and Related Matters” section in our 2024 Form 10-K. Additional subsidiary funding is provided by deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term debt.
Deposits have historically provided a sizable source of relatively low-cost funds. Loans were 67% of total deposits at both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024.
Table 26 presents a summary of our short-term borrowings, which generally mature in less than 30 days. The balances of federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase may vary over time due to client activity, our own demand for financing, and our overall mix of liabilities. For additional information on the classification of our short-term borrowings, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in our 2024 Form 10-K. We pledge certain financial instruments that we own to collateralize repurchase agreements and other securities financings, as well as borrowings from the FHLB. For additional information, see the “Pledged Assets” section of Note 16 (Pledged Assets and Collateral) to