to regulation and examination by their respective financial regulators as well as by the OCC and the FRB. Non-U.S. operations of our national bank subsidiaries may be subject to the laws and regulations of the countries in which they conduct business.
Nonbank Subsidiaries.
Many of our nonbank subsidiaries are also subject to regulation by the FRB and other applicable federal and state agencies. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation by applicable state insurance regulatory agencies, as well as the FRB. Our brokerage subsidiaries are regulated by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and, in some cases, the CFTC and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, and state securities regulators. Our other nonbank subsidiaries may be subject to the laws and regulations of the federal government and/or the various states as well as non-U.S. countries in which they conduct business or operate.
Parent Bank Holding Company Activities
“Financial in Nature” Requirement.
We became a financial holding company (FHC) effective March 13, 2000. We continue to maintain our status as a BHC for purposes of various FRB regulations. As a BHC that has elected to be treated as an FHC pursuant to the BHC Act, we may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. “Financial in nature” activities include securities underwriting, dealing, and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking; and activities that the FRB, in consultation with the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, determines to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity. “Complementary activities” are activities that the FRB determines upon application to be complementary to a financial activity and do not pose a safety and soundness risk. Financial in nature activities and incidental or complementary activities are collectively referred to below as “financial activities”.
FRB approval is generally not required for us to acquire a company (other than a BHC, bank or savings association) engaged in financial activities, as determined by the FRB. Prior notice to the FRB may be required, however, if the company to be acquired has total consolidated assets of $10 billion or more. Prior FRB approval is required before we may acquire the beneficial ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of a BHC, bank or savings association. We are also subject to prohibitions on our ability to merge, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, or acquire control of another company if our total resulting consolidated liabilities would exceed 10% of the aggregate consolidated liabilities of all financial companies.
Because we are an FHC, if any of our applicable subsidiary banks receives a rating under the