vs. first quarter 2024
Total assets (average and period-end)
decreased reflecting a decrease in interest-earning deposits with banks that are managed by corporate treasury.
Total deposits (average and period-end)
decreased driven by maturities of certificates of deposit (CDs) issued by corporate treasury.
At March 31, 2025, our assets totaled $1.95 trillion, up $20.5 billion from December 31, 2024.
The following discussion provides additional information about the major components of our consolidated balance sheet. See the “Capital Management” section in this Report for information on changes in our equity.
Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities
Table 7:
Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities
(1)
Represents amortized cost of the securities, net of the allowance for credit losses, of $34 million related to available-for-sale debt securities at both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, and $104 million and $95 million related to held-to-maturity debt securities at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
(2)
Available-for-sale debt securities are carried on our consolidated balance sheet at fair value.
(3)
Held-to-maturity debt securities are carried on our consolidated balance sheet at amortized cost, net of the allowance for credit losses.
Table 7 presents a summary of our portfolio of investments in available-for-sale (AFS) and held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities. See Note 3 (Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information on AFS and HTM debt securities, including a summary of debt securities by security type, contractual maturities and weighted average yields. See also the “Balance Sheet Analysis – Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities” section in our 2024 Form 10-K for additional information on our investment management objectives and practices and the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management” section in this Report for information on liquidity and interest rate risk.
The amortized cost, net of the allowance for credit losses, of the total AFS and HTM debt securities portfolio increased from December 31, 2024. Purchases of AFS debt securities were partially offset by paydowns and maturities of AFS and HTM debt securities, as well as sales of AFS debt securities
.
The total net unrealized losses on AFS and HTM debt securities decreased from December 31, 2024, due to changes in interest rates and the realization of losses related to a
repositioning of our AFS debt securities portfolio
.
At March 31, 2025, 99% of the combined AFS and HTM debt securities portfolio was rated AA- or above. Ratings are based on external ratings where available and, where not available, based on internal credit grades.
Loan Portfolios
Table 8 provides a summary of total outstanding loans by portfolio segment. Commercial loans increased from December 31, 2024, driven by an increase in commercial and industrial loans as a