activities that
most significantly impact the economic performance and hold variable interests potentially significant to the VIE. We hold a minimum of
5
% seller’s interest in the transferred credit card loans and we retain subordinated securities issued by the master trust, which collectively could result in exposure to potentially significant losses or benefits from the master trust. As of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, we held seller’s interest of $
6.1
billion and $
6.5
billion, respectively, in the transferred credit card loans and subordinated securities of $
750
million (at par) in both periods issued by the master trust, which are both eliminated in our consolidated financial statements. The transferred credit card loans and debt securities issued to third parties are recognized on our consolidated balance sheet, and classified as loans and long-term debt, respectively.
Table 13.6 presents a summary of financial assets and liabilities of our consolidated VIEs. The carrying value represents assets and liabilities recognized on our consolidated balance sheet. “Total VIE assets” includes affiliate balances that are eliminated upon consolidation, and therefore in some instances will differ from the carrying value of assets.
On our consolidated balance sheet, we separately disclose (1) the consolidated assets of certain VIEs that can only be used to settle the liabilities of those VIEs, and (2) the consolidated liabilities of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Wells Fargo.
Table 13.6:
Transactions with Consolidated VIEs
(1)
All other assets includes loans held for sale and other assets.
Other Transactions
In addition to the transactions included in the previous tables, we have used wholly-owned trust preferred security VIEs to issue debt securities or preferred equity exclusively to third-party investors. As the sole assets of the VIEs are receivables from us, we do not consolidate the VIEs even though we own all of the voting equity shares of the VIEs, have fully guaranteed the obligations of the VIEs, and may have the right to redeem the third-party securities under certain circumstances. On our consolidated balance sheet, we reported the debt securities issued to the VIEs as long-term junior subordinated debt with a carrying value of $
432
million and $
429
million at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Guarantees are contracts that contingently require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on an event or a change in an underlying asset, liability, rate or index. For additional
descriptions of our guarantees, see Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Table 14.1 shows carrying value and maximum exposure to loss on our guarantees.
Table 14.1:
Guarantees – Carrying Value and Maximum Exposure to Loss
(1)
Standby and direct pay letters of credit are reported net of syndications and participations.
Maximum exposure to loss represents the estimated loss