common stock exceeds 130 percent of the conversion price of the Series L Preferred Stock for 20 trading days during any period of 30 consecutive trading days. We declared dividends of $
74
million on Series L Preferred Stock at both quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 9.2 presents our common stock shares outstanding.
Table 9.2:
Common Stock Shares Outstanding
Wells Fargo and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in a number of judicial, regulatory, governmental, arbitration, and other proceedings or investigations concerning matters arising from the conduct of our business activities, and many of those proceedings and investigations expose Wells Fargo to potential financial loss or other adverse consequences. These proceedings and investigations include actions brought against Wells Fargo and/or our subsidiaries with respect to corporate-related matters and transactions in which Wells Fargo and/or our subsidiaries were involved. In addition, Wells Fargo and our subsidiaries may be requested to provide information to or otherwise cooperate with government authorities in the conduct of investigations of other persons or industry groups. We establish accruals for legal actions when potential losses associated with the actions become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. For such accruals, we record the amount we consider to be the best estimate within a range of potential losses that are both probable and estimable; however, if we cannot determine a best estimate, then we record the low end of the range of those potential losses. There can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of legal actions, including the matters described below, and the actual costs of resolving legal actions may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts accrued for those actions.
ADVISORY ACCOUNT CASH SWEEP LITIGATION.
Putative class actions have been filed in federal district courts alleging that the Company breached its fiduciary duties or agreements with regard to rates paid to investment advisory clients in its cash sweep program. These actions have been consolidated in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND ECONOMIC SANCTIONS RELATED INVESTIGATIONS.
Government authorities are conducting inquiries or investigations regarding issues related to the Company’s anti-money laundering and sanctions
programs. On September 12, 2024, the Company announced that Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. entered into a formal agreement with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) related to the bank’s anti-money laundering and sanctions risk management practices.
COMPANY 401(K) PLAN LITIGATION.
On September 26, 2022, participants in the Company’s 401(k) plan filed a putative class action in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota alleging that the Company violated the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 in connection with certain transactions associated with