stock repurchase program of up to $30 billion. Unless modified or revoked by the Board, this authorization does not expire. At March 31, 2025, we had remaining Board authority to repurchase up to approximately $3.8 billion of common stock. In addition, on April 29, 2025, we announced that the Board authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $40 billion of common stock.
Various factors impact the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including the earnings, cash requirements and
financial condition of the Company, the impact to our balance sheet of expected customer activity, our capital requirements and long-term targeted capital structure, the results of supervisory stress tests, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations, including regulatory requirements under the FRB’s capital plan rule. Although we announce when the Board authorizes a share repurchase program, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. Due to the various factors that may impact the amount and timing of our share repurchases and the fact that we may be in the market throughout the year, our share repurchases occur at various prices. We may suspend share repurchase activity at any time.
Furthermore, the Company has a variety of benefit plans in which employees may own or obtain shares of our common stock. The Company may buy shares from these plans to accommodate employee preferences and these purchases are subtracted from our repurchase authority.
For additional information about share repurchases during first quarter 2025, see Part II, Item 2 in this Report.
The U.S. financial services industry is subject to significant regulation and regulatory oversight initiatives. This regulation and oversight may continue to impact how U.S. financial services companies conduct business and may continue to result in increased regulatory compliance costs.
The following supplements our discussion of significant regulations and regulatory oversight initiatives that have affected or may affect our business contained in the “Regulation and Supervision” and “Risk Factors” sections in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Consent Orders and Other Regulatory Actions
The Company is subject to a number of consent orders and other regulatory actions, which may require the Company, among other things, to undertake certain changes to its business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices, and include the following.
Federal Reserve Board Consent Order Regarding Governance Oversight and Compliance and Operational Risk Management.
On February 2, 2018, the Company entered into a consent order with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). As required by the consent order, the Company’s Board of Directors (Board) submitted to the FRB a plan to further enhance the Board’s governance and oversight of the Company, and the Company submitted to the FRB a plan to further improve the