information on mortgage banking, including key assumptions and the sensitivity of the fair value of MSRs, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk” section in our 2024 Form 10-K and Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities) and Note 12 (Fair Value Measurements) to Financial Statements in this Report.
MARKET RISK.
Market risk is the risk of possible economic loss from adverse changes in market risk factors such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, and the risk of possible loss due to counterparty exposure. This applies to implied volatility risk, basis risk, and market liquidity risk. It includes price risk in the trading book, mortgage servicing rights, the hedge effectiveness risk associated with the mortgage book held at fair value, and impairment on private equity investments. For additional information on our oversight of market risk, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Market Risk” section in our 2024 Form 10-K.
MARKET RISK – TRADING ACTIVITIES.
We engage in trading activities to accommodate the investment and risk management activities of our customers and to execute economic hedging to manage certain balance sheet risks. These trading activities predominantly occur within our CIB Markets business. Debt and equity securities held for trading, trading loans, and trading derivatives are financial instruments used in our trading activities, and are measured at fair value through earnings. Income earned on the financial instruments used in our trading activities include net interest income, changes in fair value, and realized gains and losses. Net interest income earned from our trading activities is reflected in the interest income and interest expense components of our consolidated statement of income. Changes in fair value and realized gains and losses of the financial instruments used in our trading activities are reflected in net gains from trading activities. For additional information on the financial instruments used in our trading activities and the income from these trading activities, see Note 2 (Trading Activities) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Value-at-risk (VaR) is a statistical risk measure used to estimate the potential loss from adverse moves in the financial markets, and Trading VaR is a measure used to provide insight into the market risk exhibited by the Company’s trading positions on our consolidated balance sheet. The Company uses these VaR metrics complemented with sensitivity analysis and stress testing in measuring and monitoring market risk. The Company calculates Trading VaR for risk management purposes to establish and monitor line of business and Company-wide risk limits. Trading VaR is calculated based on all trading positions on our consolidated balance sheet. Table 23 shows the Company’s Trading General VaR by risk category. For additional information on our monitoring