lease financing portfolio is the operating cash flows of customers, with the collateral securing this portfolio representing a secondary source of repayment. The majority of this portfolio is secured by short-term assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory, and debt securities, as well as long-lived assets, such as equipment and other business assets.
We had $16.0 billion of the commercial and industrial loans and lease financing portfolio classified as criticized in accordance with
regulatory guidance at March 31, 2025, compared with $16.5 billion at December 31, 2024.
The portfolio increased at March 31, 2025, compared with December 31, 2024, as a result of increased originations and loan draws, partially offset by paydowns. Table 12 provides our commercial and industrial loans and lease financing by industry. The industry categories are based on the North American Industry Classification System.
Table 12:
Commercial and Industrial Loans and Lease Financing by Industry
*
Less than 1%.
(1)
Total commitments consist of loans outstanding plus unfunded credit commitments, excluding issued letters of credit and discretionary amounts where our approval or consent is required prior to any loan funding or commitment increase. For additional information on issued letters of credit, see Note 14 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report.
(2)
No other single industry had total loans in excess of $5.9 billion and $3.2 billion at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Table 12a provides further loan segmentation for our largest industry category, financials except banks. This category includes loans to investment firms, financial vehicles, nonbank creditors, rental and leasing companies, securities firms, and investment banks. These loans are generally secured and have features to
help manage credit risk, such as structural credit enhancements, collateral eligibility requirements, contractual re-margining of collateral supporting the loans, and loan amounts limited to a percentage of the value of the underlying assets considering underlying credit risk, asset duration, and ongoing performance.
Table 12a:
Financials Except Banks Industry Category
(1)
Total commitments consist of loans outstanding plus unfunded credit commitments, excluding issued letters of credit and discretionary amounts where our approval or consent is required prior to any loan funding or commitment increase.
For additional information on issued letters of credit, see Note 14 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report.
(2)
Includes loans for subscription or capital calls and loans to prime brokerage customers and securities firms.
(3)
Includes asset-based lending and leasing, including loans to special purpose entities, loans to commercial leasing entities, structured lending facilities to commercial loan managers, and also includes collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) in loan form, all of which were rated