assistance.
Enhanced supervision and regulation of systemically important firms
.  The Dodd-Frank Act grants broad authority to federal banking regulators to establish enhanced supervisory and regulatory requirements for systemically important firms. The FRB has finalized a number of regulations implementing enhanced prudential requirements for large BHCs like Wells Fargo regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity management, single counterparty credit limits, and imposing debt-to-equity limits on any BHC that regulators determine poses a grave threat to the financial stability of the United States. The FRB and OCC have also finalized rules implementing stress testing requirements for large BHCs and national banks. Furthermore, to promote a BHC’s safety and soundness and the financial and operational resilience of its operations, the FRB has finalized guidance regarding effective boards of directors of large BHCs. The OCC, under separate authority, has finalized guidelines establishing heightened governance and risk management standards for large national banks such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The OCC guidelines require covered banks to establish and adhere to a written risk governance framework to manage and control their risk-taking activities. The guidelines also formalize roles and responsibilities for risk management practices within covered banks and create certain risk oversight responsibilities for their boards of directors.
Regulatory Capital, Leverage and Liquidity Requirements
The Company and each of our insured depository institutions are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity requirements administered by the FRB and the OCC. The capital rules implement Basel III risk-based capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations and, among other things, establish required minimum ratios relating capital to different categories of assets and exposures. Federal banking regulators have also imposed a leverage ratio and supplementary leverage ratio on large BHCs, like Wells Fargo, and their insured depository institutions, as well as a liquidity coverage ratio and a net stable funding ratio. In addition, the Company is required to have a minimum amount of equity and unsecured long-term debt, often
3
referred to as total loss absorbing capacity, for purposes of resolvability and resiliency.
From time to time, federal banking regulators propose changes and amendments to, and issue interpretations of, risk-based capital requirements and related reporting instructions. In addition, the FRB closely monitors capital levels of the institutions it supervises and may require such institutions to modify capital levels based on FRB determinations. Such determinations, proposals or interpretations could, if implemented in the future, affect our reported capital ratios and net risk-adjusted assets.
As an additional means to identify problems in the financial management of depository institutions, the FDI Act requires