Committee and on a quarterly basis by the Board. These guidelines are established and monitored for both the Company and the Parent on a stand-alone basis so that the Parent is a source of strength for its banking subsidiaries. For additional information on liquidity risk and funding management, see the “Risk Management – Liquidity Risk and Funding” section in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Liquidity Standards.
We are subject to a rule issued by the FRB, OCC and FDIC that establishes a quantitative minimum liquidity requirement, known as the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR). The rule requires a covered banking organization to hold high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) in an amount equal to or greater than its projected net cash outflows during a 30-day stress period. Our HQLA under the rule mainly consists of central bank deposits, government debt securities, and mortgage-backed securities of federal agencies. The LCR applies to the Company and to our insured depository institutions (IDIs) with total assets of $10 billion or more. In addition, rules issued by the FRB impose enhanced liquidity risk management standards on large bank holding companies (BHCs), such as Wells Fargo.
We are also subject to a rule issued by the FRB, OCC and FDIC that establishes a stable funding requirement, known as the net stable funding ratio (NSFR), which requires a covered banking organization, such as Wells Fargo, to maintain a minimum amount of stable funding, including common equity, long-term debt and most types of deposits, in relation to its assets, derivative exposures and commitments over a one-year horizon period. The NSFR applies to the Company and to our IDIs with total assets of $10 billion or more. As of March 31, 2025, we were compliant with the NSFR requirement.
Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management
(continued)
Liquidity Coverage Ratio.
As of March 31, 2025, the Company, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo National Bank West exceeded the minimum LCR requirement of 100%. The LCR represents average HQLA divided by average projected net cash outflows, as each is defined under the LCR rule.
Table 24 presents the Company’s quarterly average values for the daily-calculated LCR and its components calculated pursuant to the LCR rule requirements.
Table 24:
Liquidity Coverage Ratio
(1)
HQLA excludes excess HQLA at certain subsidiaries that is not transferable to other Wells Fargo entities.
(2)
Net of applicable haircuts required under the LCR rule.
(3)
Projected net cash outflows are calculated by applying a standardized set of outflow and inflow assumptions, defined by the LCR rule, to various exposures and liability types, such as deposits and unfunded loan commitments, which are prescribed based on a number of factors, including the type of customer and the nature of the account.
Liquidity Sources.
As of March 31, 2025, the Company had approximately $879.0 billion of total available liquidity sources. Table 25 presents the components of our available liquidity