expense lines. Personnel expense is a significant expense for our reportable operating segments. Non-personnel expense includes other expense categories that are consistent with those presented in our consolidated statement of income, such as technology, telecommunications and equipment expense, occupancy expense, and professional and outside services expense.
TAXABLE-EQUIVALENT ADJUSTMENTS.
Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for affordable housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company’s consolidated financial results.
Table 17.1 presents our results by operating segment.
Table 17.1:
Operating Segments
(1)
Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for affordable housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company’s consolidated financial results.
(2)
Net interest income is interest earned on assets minus the interest paid on liabilities to fund those assets. Segment interest earned includes actual interest income on segment assets as well as a funding credit for their deposits. Segment interest paid on liabilities includes actual interest expense on segment liabilities as well as a funding charge for their assets
.
Revenue
Our revenue includes net interest income on financial instruments and noninterest income.
Table 18.1 presents our
revenue by operating segment. For additional description of our
operating segments, including additional financial information
and the underlying management accounting process, see
Note 17 (Operating Segments). For a description of our revenue from contracts with customers, see Note 21 (Revenue and Expenses) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Table 18.1:
Revenue by Operating Segment
(1)
Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for affordable housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company’s consolidated financial results.
(2)
These