these requirements could result in limitations or restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions.
In addition, the FRB’s enhanced supervision regulations for large BHCs, like Wells Fargo, impose capital distribution restrictions, including on the payment of dividends, upon the occurrence of capital, stress test, risk management, or liquidity risk management triggers. For additional information on regulations or arrangements that may impose capital distribution restrictions on the Company and its subsidiaries, see the “Capital Management” and “Risk Factors” sections of the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Deposit Insurance Assessments
The Company’s subsidiaries include banks, such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., that are insured by the FDIC. Through the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) maintained by the FDIC, the FDIC insures the deposits of our insured banks up to prescribed limits for each depositor and funds the DIF through assessments on member banks. To maintain the DIF, member institutions are assessed an insurance premium based on an assessment base and an assessment rate.
The FDIC has adopted a comprehensive, long-range plan for DIF management, targeting a designated reserve ratio of 2%. In addition, the FDIC may recover by special assessment on member banks losses to the DIF as a result of resolving a failed bank. For additional information about our FDIC deposit assessment expense, see Note 21 (Revenue and Expenses) to Financial Statements in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders.
The FDIC may terminate a depository institution’s deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution’s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution or its directors have engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or have violated any applicable law, regulation, order or condition enacted or imposed by the institution’s regulatory agency. The termination of deposit insurance for one or more of our bank subsidiaries could result in a significant loss of deposits and have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and earnings, depending on the collective size of the particular banks involved.
5
Fiscal and Monetary Policies
Our business and earnings are affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. We are particularly affected by the monetary policies of the FRB, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Among the instruments of monetary policy available to the FRB are (a) conducting open market operations in United States government securities, (b) changing the discount rates of borrowings of depository institutions, (c) imposing or changing reserve requirements against depository institutions’ deposits, and (d) imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain borrowings by banks and their affiliates. These methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest