their respective loan categories.
(3)
Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $77 million and $89 million for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, predominantly related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and securities.
Noninterest Income
Table 2:
Noninterest Income
NM – Not meaningful
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024
Investment advisory and other asset-based
fees
increased driven by higher asset-based fees reflecting higher market valuations
.
Fees from the majority of Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) advisory assets are based on a percentage of the market value of the assets at the beginning of the quarter. For additional information on certain client investment assets, see the “Earnings Performance – Operating Segment Results – Wealth and Investment Management – WIM Advisory Assets” section in this Report.
Investment banking fees
increased
due to
higher debt underwriting fees.
Mortgage banking
increased due to higher income from net hedge results related to mortgage servicing rights (MSR) valuations.
Net
gains from trading activities
decreased driven by lower revenue in structured products and credit trading, partially offset by higher revenue in commodities and foreign exchange.
Net losses from debt securities
increased driven by higher net losses related to a repositioning of our investment portfolio.
Net gains (losses) from equity securities
decreased driven by
higher unrealized losses from our venture capital investments.
Lease income
decreased driven by a gain associated with the resolution of a legacy lease transaction in first quarter 2024.
O
ther income
increased driven by a $263 million gain on the sale of
the non-agency portion of
our commercial mortgage third-party servicing business.
For additional information, see the “Earnings Performance – Operating Segment Results – Corporate and Investment Banking” section in this Report.
Earnings Performance
(continued)
Noninterest Expense
Table 3:
Noninterest Expense
(1)
Represents expenses for assets we lease to customers.
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024
Personnel expense
decreased
slightly due to the impact of efficiency initiatives, partially offset by higher revenue-related compensation expense and higher retirement-eligible employee stock compensation expense.
Technology, telecommunications and equipment expense
increased
due to higher expense for the amortization of internally developed software and higher expense for software maintenance and licenses.
Operating losses
decreased driven by
lower expense for customer remediation activities, compared with higher expense in first quarter 2024 related to the further refinement of the remediation costs for historical mortgage lending and other consumer products matters.
For additional information on operating losses, see Note 18 (Revenue and Expenses) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Professional and outside services expense
decreased
driven by lower expense for consulting projects