disclosed within Note 15 (Securities Financing Activities).
Table 11.2:
Offsetting of Derivative Assets and Liabilities
(1)
Represents amounts with counterparties subject to enforceable master netting arrangements that have been offset in our consolidated balance sheet, including portfolio level valuation adjustments related to customer accommodation and other trading derivatives. These valuation adjustments were primarily related to interest rate and foreign exchange contracts. Table 11.7
and Table 11.8 present information related to derivative valuation adjustments.
Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedges
For fair value hedges, we use interest rate swaps to convert certain of our fixed-rate long-term debt and time certificates of deposit to floating rates to hedge our exposure to interest rate risk. We also enter into cross-currency swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward contracts to hedge our exposure to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk associated with the issuance of non-U.S. dollar denominated long-term debt. We also enter into futures contracts, forward contracts, and swap contracts to hedge our exposure to the price risk of physical commodities included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheet. In addition, we use interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward contracts to hedge against changes in fair value of certain investments in AFS debt securities due to changes in interest rates, foreign currency rates, or both. For certain fair value hedges of interest rate risk, we use the portfolio layer method to hedge stated amounts of closed portfolios of AFS debt securities. For certain fair value hedges of foreign currency risk, changes in fair value of cross-currency swaps attributable to changes in cross-currency basis spreads are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded in other comprehensive income (OCI). See Note 21 (Other
Comprehensive Income) for the amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.
For cash flow hedges, we use interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in interest payments received on certain interest-earning deposits with banks and certain floating-rate commercial loans. We also use cross-currency swaps to hedge variability in interest payments on fixed-rate foreign currency-denominated long-term debt due to changes in foreign exchange rates.
We estimate $
451
million pre-tax of deferred net losses related to cash flow hedges in OCI at March 31, 2025, will be reclassified into net interest income during the next twelve months. For cash flow hedges as of March 31, 2025, we are hedging our interest rate and foreign currency exposure to the variability of future cash flows for all forecasted transactions for a maximum of approximately
7
years. For additional information on our accounting hedges, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Note 11:
Derivatives
(continued)
Table 11.3 and