regulatory capital. AOCI also includes unrealized gains or losses related to the transfer of debt securities from AFS
Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management
(continued)
to HTM, which are subsequently amortized into earnings over the life of the security with no further impact from interest rate changes. See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 3 (Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information on our debt securities portfolio.
In addition to the net interest income sensitivity above, we also measure and evaluate the economic value sensitivity (EVS) of our balance sheet. EVS is the change in the present value of the life-time cash flows of the Company’s assets and liabilities across a range of scenarios. It is based on the existing balance sheet, at a point in time, and helps indicate whether we are exposed to higher or lower interest rates. We manage EVS through a set of limits that are designed to align with our interest rate risk appetite.
Interest rate sensitive noninterest income is impacted by changes in earnings credit for noninterest-bearing deposits that reduce treasury management deposit-related service fees on commercial accounts. Our interest rate sensitive noninterest income is also impacted by mortgage banking activities that may have sensitivity impacts that move in the opposite direction of our net interest income. See the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk” section in our 2024 Form 10-K for additional information.
MORTGAGE BANKING INTEREST RATE AND MARKET RISK.
We originate and service mortgage loans, which subjects us to various risks, including market, interest rate, credit, and liquidity risks that can be substantial. Based on market conditions and other factors, we reduce credit and liquidity risks by selling or securitizing mortgage loans. We determine whether mortgage loans will be held for investment or held for sale at the time of commitment, but may change our intent to hold loans for investment or sale as part of our corporate asset/liability management activities. We may also retain securities in our investment portfolio at the time we securitize mortgage loans.
Changes in interest rates may impact mortgage banking noninterest income, including origination and servicing fees, and the fair value of our residential MSRs, LHFS, and derivative loan commitments (interest rate “locks”) extended to mortgage applicants. Interest rate changes will generally impact our mortgage banking noninterest income on a lagging basis due to the time it takes for the market to reflect a shift in customer demand, as well as the time required for processing a new application, providing the commitment, and securitizing and selling the loan. The amount and timing of the impact will depend on the magnitude, speed and duration of the changes in interest rates. For additional