solutions to private, family owned and certain public companies. Products and services include banking and credit products across multiple industry sectors and municipalities, secured lending and lease products, and treasury management.
Corporate and Investment Banking
delivers a suite of capital markets, banking, and financial products and services to corporate, commercial real estate, government and institutional clients globally. Products and services include corporate banking, investment banking, treasury management, commercial real estate lending and servicing, equity and fixed income solutions as well as sales, trading, and research capabilities.
Wealth and Investment Management
provides personalized wealth management, brokerage, financial planning, lending, private banking, trust and fiduciary products and services to affluent, high-net worth and ultra-high-net worth clients. We operate through financial advisors in our brokerage and wealth offices, consumer bank branches, independent offices, and digitally through WellsTrade
®
and Intuitive Investor
®.
Corporate
includes corporate treasury and enterprise functions, net of expense allocations, in support of the reportable operating segments (including funds transfer pricing, capital, and liquidity), as well as our investment portfolio and venture capital and private equity investments. Corporate also includes certain lines of business that management has determined are no longer consistent with the long-term strategic goals of the Company as well as results for previously divested businesses.
Basis of Presentation
FUNDS TRANSFER PRICING.
Corporate treasury manages a funds transfer pricing methodology that considers interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and other product characteristics. Operating segments pay a funding charge for their assets and receive a funding credit for their deposits, both of which are included in net interest income. The net impact of the funding charges or credits is recognized in corporate treasury.
REVENUE SHARING AND EXPENSE ALLOCATIONS.
When lines of business jointly serve customers, the line of business that is responsible for providing the product or service recognizes revenue or expense with a referral fee paid or an allocation of cost to the other line of business based on established internal revenue-sharing agreements.
When a line of business uses a service provided by another line of business, expense is generally allocated based on the cost and use of the service provided. Enterprise functions, such as operations, technology, and risk management, are included in Corporate with an allocation of their applicable costs to the reportable operating segments based on the level of support provided by the enterprise function. We periodically assess and update our revenue sharing and expense allocation methodologies.
Table 17.1 includes the allocated expenses from Corporate to the reportable operating segments within the relevant personnel and non-personnel