related to our risk and control work, as well as efficiency initiatives to reduce our spending on consultants and contractors.
Other expense
decreased reflecting lower expense for the FDIC special assessment.
For additional information on the FDIC’s special assessment, see Note 18 (Revenue and Expenses) to Financial Statements in this Report.
Income Tax Expense
Table 4:
Income Tax Expense
(1)
Represents (i) Income tax expense (benefit) divided by (ii) Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) less Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests.
The decrease in the effective income tax rate for first quarter 2025, compared with the same period a year ago, was driven by the impact of increased discrete tax benefits related to the resolution of prior period tax matters, as well as the impact of annual vesting of stock-based compensation.
For additional information on income taxes, see
Note 23
(Income Taxes) to Financial Statements in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Operating Segment Results
Our management reporting is organized into four reportable operating segments: Consumer Banking and Lending; Commercial Banking; Corporate and Investment Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management. All other business activities that are not included in the reportable operating segments have been included in Corporate. For additional information, see Table 5 below. We define our reportable operating segments by type of product and customer segment, and their results are based on our management reporting process. The management reporting process measures the performance of the reportable operating segments based on the Company’s management structure, and the results are regularly reviewed with our Chief Executive Officer and relevant senior management. The management reporting process is based on U.S. GAAP and includes specific adjustments, such as funds transfer pricing for asset/liability management, shared revenue and expenses, and taxable-equivalent adjustments to consistently reflect income from taxable and tax-exempt sources, which allows management to assess performance consistently across the operating segments.
Funds Transfer Pricing.
Corporate treasury manages a funds transfer pricing methodology that considers interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and other product characteristics. Operating segments pay a funding charge for their assets and receive a funding credit for their deposits, both of which are included in net interest income. The net impact of the funding charges or credits is recognized in corporate treasury.
Revenue Sharing and Expense Allocations.
When lines of business jointly serve customers, the line of business that is responsible for providing the product or service recognizes revenue or expense with a referral fee paid or an allocation of cost to the other line of business based on established internal revenue-sharing agreements.
When a line of business uses a service provided by another line of business, expense is generally allocated