to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from write-downs of individual assets or the application of an accounting method such as LOCOM and the measurement alternative.
Table 12.4 provides the fair value hierarchy and fair value at the date of the nonrecurring fair value adjustment for all assets that were still held as of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, and for which a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was recorded during the quarter ended March 31, 2025, and the year ended December 31, 2024.
Table 12.4:
Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
(1)
Consists of commercial mortgages and residential mortgage – first lien loans.
Table 12.5 presents the gains (losses) on all assets held at the end of the reporting periods presented for which a nonrecurring
fair value adjustment was recognized in earnings during the respective periods.
Table 12.5:
Gains (Losses) on Assets with Nonrecurring Fair Value Adjustments
(1)
Includes impairment of equity securities and observable price changes related to equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative.
(2)
Includes impairment of operating lease ROU assets, valuation of physical commodities inventory, and valuation losses on foreclosed real estate, and other collateral owned
.
Table 12.6 provides quantitative information about the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of our Level 3 assets that are measured at fair value on
a nonrecurring basis. Weighted averages of inputs for equity securities are calculated using carrying value prior to the nonrecurring fair value measurement.
Table 12.6:
Valuation Techniques – Nonrecurring Basis
(1)
See Note 15 (Fair Value Measurements) in our 2024 Form 10-K for additional information on the valuation technique(s) and significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of Level 3 assets.
Fair Value Option
The fair value option is an irrevocable election, generally only permitted upon initial recognition of financial assets or liabilities, to measure eligible financial instruments at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in earnings. We may elect the fair value option to align the measurement model with how the financial assets or liabilities are managed or to reduce complexity or accounting asymmetry. Following is a discussion of the portfolios for which we elected the fair value option. For
additional information, including the basis for our fair value option elections, see Note 15 (Fair Value Measurements) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Table 12.7 reflects differences between the fair value carrying amount of the assets and liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option and the contractual aggregate unpaid principal amount at maturity.
Table 12.7:
Fair Value Option
(1)
Nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing included in LHFS for which we have elected the fair value option