income. Net gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income for AFS debt securities were $
0
for both first quarter 2025 and 2024. Net gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income for other assets and liabilities were $
1
million and $(
2
) million for first quarter 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(2)
Includes originations of mortgage servicing rights and loans held for sale.
(3)
All assets and liabilities transferred into Level 3 were previously classified within Level 2.
(4)
All assets and liabilities transferred out of Level 3 are classified as Level 2.
(5)
All amounts represent net unrealized gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities held at period end included in net income except for AFS debt securities and other assets and liabilities which also included net unrealized gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities held at period end in other comprehensive income. Net unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income for AFS debt securities were $
0
for both first quarter 2025 and 2024. Net unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income for other assets and liabilities were $
1
million and $(
2
) million for first quarter 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(6)
Included in net gains from trading and securities on our consolidated statement of income.
(7)
Included in mortgage banking income on our consolidated statement of income.
(8)
For additional information on the changes in mortgage servicing rights, see Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities).
(9)
Included in mortgage banking income, net gains from trading and securities, and other noninterest income on our consolidated statement of income.
(10)
Included in other noninterest income on our consolidated statement of income.
Table 12.3 provides quantitative information about the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of our Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
Weighted averages of inputs are calculated using outstanding unpaid principal balances of loans serviced for residential MSRs and notional amounts for derivative instruments.
Table 12.3:
Valuation Techniques – Recurring Basis
(1)
The high end of the range of inputs is for servicing modified loans. For non-modified loans, the range is $
60
- $
160
at March 31, 2025, and $
60
- $
162
at December 31, 2024.
(2)
Includes a blend of prepayment speeds and expected defaults. Prepayment speeds are influenced by mortgage interest rates as well as our estimation of drivers of borrower behavior.
For additional information on the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of our Level 3 assets and liabilities, including how changes in these inputs affect fair value estimates, see Note 15 (Fair Value Measurements) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Note 12:
Fair Value Measurements
(continued)
Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
We may be required, from time to time,