changes in others, which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities.
We present information for our managed servicing portfolio in Table 6.3 using unpaid principal balance for loans serviced and subserviced for others and carrying value for owned loans serviced.
As the servicer of loans for others, we advance certain payments of principal, interest, taxes, insurance, and default-related expenses. The credit risk related to these advances is limited since the reimbursement is generally senior to cash payments to investors and are generally reimbursed within a short timeframe from cash flows from the trust, government-sponsored enterprise (GSEs), insurer, or borrower. We maintain an allowance for uncollectible amounts for advances on loans serviced for others that may not be reimbursed if the payments were not made in accordance with applicable servicing agreements or if the insurance or servicing agreements contain limitations on reimbursements. We also advance payments of taxes and insurance for our owned loans which are collectible from the borrower. Servicer advances on owned loans are written-off when deemed uncollectible.
Table 6.3:
Managed Servicing Portfolio
(1)
In first quarter 2025, we sold the non-agency portion of our commercial mortgage third-party servicing business.
Table 6.4 presents the components of mortgage banking noninterest income.
Table 6.4:
Mortgage Banking Noninterest Income
(1)
Includes costs associated with foreclosures, unreimbursed interest advances to investors, other interest costs, and transaction costs associated with sales of residential MSRs.
(2)
Estimated future amortization expense for commercial MSRs was $
108
million for the remainder of 2025, and $
122
million, $
100
million, $
89
million, $
67
million, and $
49
million for the years ended December 31, 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029, and 2030, respectively.
(3)
Represents the reduction in the cash flows expected to be collected during the period, net of income accreted due to the passage of time, for residential MSRs measured using the fair value method.
(4)
Refer to the analysis of changes in residential MSRs presented in Table 6.1 in this Note for more detail.
(5)
See Note 11 (Derivatives) for additional information on economic hedges for residential MSRs.
(6)
Includes net gains (losses) of $(
12
) million and $
37
million in first quarter 2025 and 2024, respectively, related to derivatives used as economic hedges of mortgage loans held for sale and derivative loan commitments.
Intangible assets include MSRs, goodwill, and customer relationship and other intangibles. For additional information on MSRs, see Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities). Customer relationship and other intangibles, which are included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheet, had a net carrying
value of $
65
million and $
73
million at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Table 7.1 shows the allocation of goodwill to our reportable operating segments.
Table 7.1: