purchases, as well as certain other transactions involving the transfer of value from a subsidiary bank to an affiliate or for the benefit of an affiliate. Unless an exemption applies, covered transactions by a subsidiary bank with a single affiliate are limited to 10% of the subsidiary bank’s capital and surplus and, with respect to all covered transactions with affiliates in the aggregate, to 20% of the subsidiary bank’s capital and surplus. Also, loans and extensions of credit to affiliates generally must be secured by qualifying collateral. A bank’s transactions with its nonbank affiliates are also generally required to be on arm’s length terms. The Parent's subsidiary banks are also subject to lending limits and qualitative requirements on loans to executive officers, directors and principal shareholders of the Parent and its subsidiary banks.
Source of Strength.
The FRB has a policy that a BHC is expected to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to each of its subsidiary banks and, under appropriate circumstances, to commit resources to support each such subsidiary bank. This support may be required at times when the BHC may not have the resources to provide the support.
The OCC may order an assessment of the Parent if the capital of one of its national bank subsidiaries were to become impaired. If the Parent failed to pay the assessment within three months, the OCC could order the sale of the Parent’s stock in the national bank to cover the deficiency.
Depositor Preference.
In the event of the “liquidation or other resolution” of an insured depository institution, the claims of deposits payable in the United States (including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, claims of insured and uninsured U.S. depositors, along with claims of the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured creditors, including the Parent, and depositors whose deposits are solely payable at such insured depository institution’s non-U.S. offices.
Liability of Commonly Controlled Institutions.
The Company’s subsidiaries include banks in the U.S., such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., that are insured by the FDIC. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDI Act), insured depository institutions can be held liable for any loss incurred, or reasonably expected to be incurred, by the FDIC due to the default of an insured depository institution controlled by the same BHC, and for any assistance provided by the FDIC to an insured depository institution that is in danger of default and that is controlled by the same BHC. “Default” means generally the appointment of a conservator or receiver. “In danger of default” means generally the existence of certain conditions indicating that a default is likely to occur in the absence of regulatory