and Advanced Approaches.
(10)
Represents average high-quality liquid assets divided by average projected net cash outflows, as each is defined under the LCR rule.
This Quarterly Report, including the Financial Review and the Financial Statements and related Notes, contains forward-looking statements, which may include forecasts of our financial results and condition, expectations for our operations and business, and our assumptions for those forecasts and expectations. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to several factors. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are described in this Report, including in the “Forward-Looking Statements” section, and in the “Risk Factors” and “Regulation and Supervision” sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (2024 Form 10-K).
When we refer to “Wells Fargo,” “the Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in this Report, we mean Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries (consolidated). When we refer to the “Parent,” we mean Wells Fargo & Company. See the “Glossary of Acronyms” for definitions of terms used throughout this Report.
Financial Review
Wells Fargo & Company is a leading financial services company that has approximately $1.95 trillion in assets. We provide a diversified set of banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through our four reportable operating segments: Consumer Banking and Lending, Commercial Banking, Corporate and Investment Banking, and Wealth and Investment Management. Wells Fargo ranked No. 34 on Fortune’s 2024 rankings of America’s largest corporations. We ranked fourth in assets and third in the market value of our common stock among all U.S. banks at March 31, 2025.
Wells Fargo’s top priority remains building a risk and control infrastructure appropriate for its size and complexity. The Company is subject to a number of consent orders and other regulatory actions, which may require the Company, among
other things, to undertake certain changes to its business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices. While we still have work to do and have not yet satisfied certain aspects of these regulatory actions, the Company is committed to devoting the resources necessary to operate with strong business practices and controls, maintain the highest level of integrity, and have an appropriate culture in place. In particular, pursuant to a 2018 consent order entered into with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB), we are subject to an asset cap whereby the Company’s total consolidated assets as defined under the consent order have been limited to the level as of December 31, 2017. For additional information regarding regulatory actions and the risks related thereto, including additional information on the asset cap, see