COMMERCIAL CREDIT QUALITY INDICATORS.
We manage a consistent process for assessing commercial loan credit quality. Commercial loans are generally subject to individual risk assessment using our internal borrower and collateral quality ratings, which is our primary credit quality indicator. Our ratings are aligned to regulatory definitions of pass and criticized categories with the criticized segmented among special mention, substandard, doubtful, and loss categories.
Table 5.7 provides the outstanding balances of our commercial loan portfolio by risk category and credit quality information by origination year for term loans. Revolving loans may convert to term loans as a result of a contractual provision in the original loan agreement or if modified for a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. At March 31, 2025, we had $
506.1
billion and $
34.6
billion of pass and criticized commercial loans, respectively. Gross charge-offs by loan class are included in the following table for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, and year ended December 31, 2024, which we monitor as part of our credit risk management practices; however, charge-offs are not a primary credit quality indicator for our loan portfolio.
Table 5.7:
Commercial Loan Categories by Risk Categories and Vintage
(1)
Includes charge-offs on overdrafts, which are generally charged-off at 60 days past due.
Note 5:
Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses
(continued)
Table 5.8 provides days past due (DPD) information for commercial loans, which we monitor as part of our credit risk management practices; however, delinquency is not a primary credit quality indicator for commercial loans.
Table 5.8:
Commercial Loan Categories by Delinquency Status
CONSUMER CREDIT QUALITY INDICATORS.
We have various classes of consumer loans that present unique credit risks. Loan delinquency, Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) credit scores and loan-to-value (LTV) for residential mortgage loans are the primary credit quality indicators that we monitor and utilize in our evaluation of the appropriateness of the ACL for the consumer loan portfolio segment.
Many of our loss estimation techniques used for the ACL for loans rely on delinquency-based models; therefore, delinquency is an important indicator of credit quality in the establishment of our ACL for consumer loans.
We obtain FICO scores at loan origination and the scores are generally updated at least quarterly, except in limited circumstances, including compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). FICO scores are not available for certain loan types or may not be required if we deem it unnecessary due to strong collateral and other borrower attributes.
LTV is the ratio of the outstanding loan balance divided by the property collateral value. For junior lien mortgages, we use the total combined loan balance of first and junior lien mortgages (including unused line of credit amounts). We obtain LTVs using a cascade approach which first uses values