vary across scenarios and reflect only the impact of the higher or lower interest rates.
•
Other macroeconomic variables that could be correlated with the changes in interest rates are held constant.
•
The funding forecast in our base scenario incorporates deposit mix changes and market funding levels consistent with the base interest rate trajectory. Our hypothetical scenarios incorporate deposit mix that is the same as in the base scenario. In higher interest rate scenarios, potential customer deposit activity that shifts balances into higher yielding products and/or requires additional market funding could reduce the expected benefit from higher rates. Conversely, in lower interest rate scenarios, a potential shift to a funding mix with lower yielding deposits and/or less market funding could reduce the impact of lower rates on earning assets in these scenarios.
•
The interest rate sensitivity of deposits as market interest rates change, referred to as deposit betas, are informed by historical behavior and expectations for near-term pricing strategies. Our actual experience may differ from expectations due to the lag or acceleration of deposit repricing, changes in consumer behavior, and other factors.
Table 22:
Net Interest Income Sensitivity Over the Next 12 Months Using Instantaneous Movements
(1)
In first quarter 2025, we made an update to exclude the net interest income sensitivity for trading-related assets and liabilities of our CIB Markets trading business. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.
The changes in our interest rate sensitivity from December 31, 2024, to March 31, 2025, reflected updates for our expected balance sheet composition. Our interest rate sensitivity indicates that we would expect to benefit from higher interest rates as our assets would reprice faster and to a greater degree than our liabilities, while in the case of lower interest rates, our assets would reprice downward and to a greater degree than our liabilities resulting in lower net interest income. The realized impact of interest rate changes may vary from our base and hypothetical scenarios for various reasons, including any deposit pricing lags.
We use interest rate derivatives and our debt securities portfolio to manage our interest rate exposures. We use derivatives for asset/liability management to (i) convert cash flows from selected assets and/or liabilities from floating-rate payments to fixed-rate payments, or vice versa, (ii) reduce accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) sensitivity of our AFS debt securities portfolio, and/or (iii) economically hedge our mortgage origination pipeline, funded mortgage loans, and MSRs. Derivatives used to hedge our interest rate risk exposures are presented in Note 11 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report. As interest rates increase, changes in the fair value of AFS debt securities may negatively affect AOCI, which lowers the amount of our