Dividend Restrictions
Federal law restricts the amount and the terms of both credit and non-credit transactions between a bank and its nonbank affiliates. Additionally, federal laws and regulations limit, and
regulators can impose additional limitations on, the dividends
that a national bank may pay.
Our nonbank subsidiaries are also limited by certain federal and state statutory provisions and regulations covering the amount of dividends that may be paid in any given year. In addition, we have entered into a Support Agreement dated June 28, 2017, as amended and restated on June 26, 2019, among Wells Fargo & Company, the parent holding company (Parent), WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (IHC), the Bank, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, and certain other subsidiaries of the Parent designated from time to time as material entities for resolution planning purposes or identified from time to time as related support entities in our resolution plan, pursuant to which the IHC may be restricted from making dividend payments to the Parent if certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers or if the Parent’s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
For additional information on loan and dividend restrictions, see Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Cash Restrictions
Cash and cash equivalents may be restricted as to usage or withdrawal.
Table 22.2 provides a
summary of restrictions on cash and cash equivalents
.
Table 22.2:
Nature of Restrictions on Cash and Cash Equivalents
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.    Legal Proceedings
Information in response to this item can be found in Note 10 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report which information is incorporated by reference into this item.
Item 1A.    Risk Factors
Information in response to this item can be found under the “Financial Review – Risk Factors” section in this Report which information is incorporated by reference into this item.
Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
The following table shows Company repurchases of its common stock for each calendar month in the quarter ended March 31, 2025.
(1)
All shares were repurchased under an authorization covering up to $30 billion of common stock approved by the Board of Directors and publicly announced by the Company on July 25, 2023. Unless modified or revoked by the Board of Directors, this authorization does not expire. In addition, on April 29, 2025, the Company publicly announced that the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $40 billion of common stock.
Item 5.    Other Information
Trading Plans
During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company
adopted
or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement”