revenue types are related to financial assets and liabilities, including loans, leases, securities and derivatives, with additional details included in other footnotes to our financial statements.
(3)
We earned trailing commissions of $
233
million and $
231
million, for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(4)
The cost of credit card rewards and rebates of $
667
million and $
651
million, for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, are presented net against the related revenue.
Expenses
OPERATING LOSSES.
Operating losses consist of expenses related to:
•
Legal actions such as litigation and regulatory matters. For additional information on legal actions, see Note 10 (Legal Actions);
•
Customer remediation activities, which are associated with our efforts to identify areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm and provide remediation as appropriate. We have accrued for the probable and estimable costs related to our customer remediation activities. We had $
188
million and $
236
million of accrued liabilities for customer remediation activities as of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively. Amounts may change based on additional facts and information, as well as ongoing reviews and communications with our regulators; and
•
Other business activities such as deposit overdraft losses, fraud losses, and isolated instances of customer redress.
Table 18.2 provides the components of our operating losses included in our consolidated statement of income.
Table 18.2:
Operating Losses
Operating losses may have significant variability given the inherent and unpredictable nature of legal actions and customer remediation activities. The timing and determination of the amount of any associated losses for these matters depends on a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control.
OTHER EXPENSES.
Regulatory Charges and Assessments expense, which is included in other noninterest expense, was $
303
million in first quarter 2025, compared with $
551
million in the same period a year ago, and predominantly consisted of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) deposit assessment expense, including amounts for the FDIC special assessment. For additional information on the FDIC special assessment, see Note 21 (Revenue and Expenses) in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Pension and Postretirement Plans
We sponsor a frozen noncontributory qualified defined benefit retirement plan, the Wells Fargo & Company Cash Balance Plan (Cash Balance Plan), which covers eligible employees of Wells Fargo. The Cash Balance Plan was frozen on July 1, 2009, and
no
new benefits accrue after that date. For additional information on our pension and postretirement plans, including plan assumptions, investment strategy and asset allocation, projected benefit payments, and valuation methodologies used
for assets measured at fair value, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 22 (Employee