cash in exchange for transferring securities as collateral and recognize an obligation to reacquire the securities for cash at the transaction’s maturity. These types of transactions create risks, including (1) the counterparty may fail to return the securities at maturity, (2) the fair value of the securities transferred may decline below the amount of our obligation to reacquire the securities, and therefore create an obligation for us to pledge additional amounts, and (3) the counterparty may accelerate the maturity
on demand, requiring us to reacquire the security prior to contractual maturity. We attempt to mitigate these risks in various ways. Our collateral predominantly consists of highly liquid securities. In addition, we underwrite and monitor the financial strength of our counterparties, monitor the fair value of collateral pledged relative to contractually required repurchase amounts, and monitor that our collateral is properly returned through the clearing and settlement process in advance of our cash repayment.
Table 15.2 provides the gross amounts recognized on our consolidated balance sheet (before the effects of offsetting) of our liabilities for repurchase and securities lending agreements disaggregated by underlying collateral type.
Table 15.2:
Gross Obligations by Underlying Collateral Type
Table 15.3 provides the contractual maturities of our gross obligations under repurchase and securities lending agreements. Securities lending is executed under agreements that allow either party to terminate the transaction without notice, while repurchase agreements have a term structure that matures at a point in time. The overnight agreements require an election by both parties to roll the trade, while continuous agreements require an election by either party to terminate the agreement.
Table 15.3:
Contractual Maturities of Gross Obligations
Pledged Assets
We pledge financial assets that we own to counterparties for the collateralization of securities and other collateralized financing activities, to secure trust and public deposits, and to collateralize derivative contracts. See Note 15 (Securities Financing Activities) for additional information on securities financing activities. As part of our liquidity management strategy, we may also pledge assets to secure borrowings and letters of credit from Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs), to maintain potential borrowing capacity with FHLBs and at the discount window of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB), and for other purposes as required or permitted by law or insurance statutory requirements. The collateral that we pledge may include our own collateral as well as collateral that we have received from third parties and have the right to repledge.
Table 16.1 provides the carrying values of assets recognized on our consolidated balance sheet that we have pledged to third parties. Assets pledged in transactions where our counterparty has the right to sell or repledge