December 31, 2024, respectively. Non-U.S. loans were $5.0 billion and $5.1 billion at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Risk Management – Credit Risk Management
(continued)
NON-U.S. LOANS.
Our classification of non-U.S. loans is based on whether the borrower’s primary address is outside of the United States. At March 31, 2025, non-U.S. loans totaled $69.8 billion, representing approximately 8% of our total consolidated loans outstanding, compared with $67.9 billion, or approximately 7% of our total consolidated loans outstanding, at December 31, 2024. Non-U.S. loans were approximately 4% of our total consolidated assets at both March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024.
COUNTRY RISK EXPOSURE.
Our country risk monitoring process incorporates centralized monitoring of economic, political, social, legal, and transfer risks in countries where we do or plan to do business, along with frequent dialogue with our customers, counterparties and regulatory agencies. We establish exposure limits for each country through a centralized oversight process based on customer needs, and through consideration of the relevant and distinct risk of each country. We monitor exposures closely and adjust our country limits in response to changing conditions. We evaluate our individual country risk exposure based on our assessment of a borrower’s ability to repay,
which gives consideration for allowable transfers of risk, such as guarantees and collateral, and may be different from the reporting based on a borrower’s primary address.
Our largest single country exposure outside the U.S. at March 31, 2025, was the United Kingdom, which totaled $31.3 billion, or approximately 2% of our total assets, of which $5.6 billion were sovereign exposures and included deposits we have placed with the Bank of England pursuant to regulatory requirements in support of our London branch.
Table 14 provides information regarding our top 20 exposures by country (excluding the U.S.), based on our assessment of risk, which gives consideration to the country of any guarantors and/or underlying collateral. With respect to Table 14:
•
Lending exposure consists of loans outstanding plus unfunded credit commitments (excluding discretionary amounts where our approval or consent is required prior to any loan funding or commitment increase) and is presented prior to the deduction of the allowance for credit losses or collateral received under the terms of the credit agreements, if any.
•
Securities exposure represents debt and equity securities of non-U.S. issuers. If applicable, long and short positions are netted.
•
Derivatives and other exposure represents foreign exchange contracts, derivative contracts, securities resale agreements, and securities lending agreements.
Table 14:
Top 20 Country Exposures (1)
(1)
Top 20 country exposures reflected 90% of our total non-U.S. exposure at both periods.
(2)
Predominantly deposited with central banks.
(3)
Top 20 country exposures to central