Carpenters' Pension Trust Fund, et al. v. Walton, et al.
, Delaware Court of Chancery, Case No. 2021-0827-JTL ("Ontario Action"). Other shareholders of the Company filed
two
derivative actions alleging that certain current and former directors and officers breached fiduciary duties and violated federal securities laws in connection with the Company's distribution and dispensing of prescription opioids. Those actions were entitled
Abt v. Alvarez, et al.
, U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, Case No. 21-cv-00172-CFC and
Nguyen v. McMillon, et al.
, U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, Case No. 21-cv-00551-CFC (collectively with the Ontario Action, the "Derivative Actions"). On May 5, 2023, the Walmart Board of Directors adopted resolutions creating a special litigation committee ("SLC") to investigate, review, and analyze the facts and circumstances surrounding the claims and allegations in the Derivative Actions and determine whether the prosecution of such claims is in Walmart's best interest.
The Delaware Court of Chancery entered a final order and judgment on December 20, 2024, granting approval to a settlement of the Derivative Actions. Pursuant to this order and judgment (i) insurance carriers funded a $
123
million settlement, of which $
24.6
million was awarded to plaintiffs' counsel for attorneys' fees and the balance was awarded to the Company; and (ii) the Company agreed to maintain certain corporate governance practices for a period of at least
five years
. The settlement does not include any admission of liability, and the defendants expressly deny any wrongdoing. The Company received settlement proceeds of approximately $
99
million on December 24, 2024 and recorded it as a reduction to operating, selling, general, and administrative expense. The
Abt
and
Nguyen
actions were dismissed on January 16, 2025.
False Claims Act Litigation.
On August 23, 2019, a qui tam action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico. The action was partially unsealed on April 30, 2024 after the federal government declined to intervene. The DOJ informed the Company of its decision not to intervene on June 20, 2024. On July 25, 2024, the Court transferred the litigation to the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. On January 9, 2025, the plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint on behalf of
two
former pharmacists of the Company as relators that alleges the Company violated the Controlled Substances Act and state pharmacy regulations and that such conduct constitutes violations of the federal False Claims Act. The Company intends to file a renewed motion to dismiss.
Other Legal Proceedings
Asda Equal Value Claims.
Asda, formerly a subsidiary of the Company, is a defendant in certain equal value claims that began in 2008 and are proceeding in the United Kingdom before an Employment Tribunal in Manchester and before the High Court. Claims have been brought by approximately
70,000
current and