findings and cooperating with the EPA in its investigation. The EPA may seek to impose monetary and non-monetary penalties for the alleged violations of the Clean Air Act. Due to the fact that this process is in an early stage, the Company is unable to predict the final outcome of this matter. Although the Company does not believe this matter will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, the Company can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors
In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, under the caption "Risk Factors," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, which risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. No material change in the risk factors discussed in such Form 10-K has occurred. Such risk factors do not identify all risks that we face because our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally.
32
Table of Contents
Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
From time to time, the Company repurchases shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the Company's Board of Directors. All repurchases made during the three months ended October 31, 2024 were made under the current $20 billion share repurchase program approved in November 2022, which has no expiration date or other restrictions limiting the period over which the Company can make repurchases. As of October 31, 2024, authorization for $13.5 billion of share repurchases remained under the share repurchase program. Any repurchased shares are constructively retired and returned to an unissued status.
The Company regularly reviews its share repurchase activity and considers several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, current cash needs, capacity for leverage, cost of borrowings and the market price of its common stock. Share repurchase activity under our share repurchase program, on a trade date basis, for the three months ended October 31, 2024, was as follows:
(1)
Represents approximate dollar value of shares that could have been purchased under the plan in effect at the end of the month.
Item 5.  Other Information
Security
Trading Plans
of Directors and Executive Officers
On
September 6, 2024
,
John David Rainey
,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
,
entered into a stock trading plan
designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the