the Company acquired its majority stake in Flipkart, and further can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
76
India Antitrust Matter.
On January 13, 2020, the Competition Commission of India ("CCI") ordered its Director General (the "DG") to investigate certain matters alleging competition law violations by certain subsidiaries of Flipkart in India and other parties. On September 13, 2024, those subsidiaries received a non-confidential version of the DG's Investigation Report (the "Report"), alleging certain competition law violations. CCI is not bound by the Report, and will conduct its independent analysis of the allegations, including hearing objections from the subsidiaries and other parties before issuing its final order in the matter, which could include monetary and non-monetary relief. CCI's final order would also be subject to appropriate appellate proceedings. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of this matter, cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise, and can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Note 11.
Retirement-Related Benefits
The Company offers a 401(k) plan for associates in the U.S. under which eligible associates can begin contributing to the plan immediately upon hire. The Company also offers a 401(k) type plan for associates in Puerto Rico under which associates can begin to contribute generally after
one year
of employment. Under these plans, after
one year
of employment, the Company matches
100
% of participant contributions up to
6
% of annual eligible earnings. The matching contributions immediately vest at
100
% for each associate. Participants can contribute up to
50
% of their pre-tax earnings, but not more than the statutory limits.
Associates in international countries who are not U.S. citizens are covered by various defined contribution post-employment benefit arrangements. These plans are administered based upon the legislative and tax requirements in the countries in which they are established.
The following table summarizes the contribution expense related to the Company's defined contribution plans for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023:
Note 12.
Segments and Disaggregated Revenue
Segments
The Company is engaged in the operation of retail and wholesale stores and clubs, as well as eCommerce websites and mobile applications, located throughout the U.S., Africa, Canada, Central America, Chile, China, India and Mexico. The Company's operations are conducted in
three
reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club U.S. The Company defines its segments as those operations whose results the chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), the Company's Chief Executive Officer, regularly reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources. The Company