and unemployment. Further information on the factors that can affect our operating results and on certain risks to our Company and an investment in its securities can be found herein under "
Item 1A. Risk Factors
."
We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low
costs. Our net sales and gross profit margin are influenced in part by our pricing and merchandising strategies in response to cost increases. Those pricing strategies include but are not limited to: absorbing cost increases instead of passing those cost increases on to our customers and members; reducing prices in certain merchandise categories; focusing on opening price points for certain food categories; and when necessary, passing cost increases on to our customers and members. Merchandising strategies include, but are not limited to: working with our suppliers to reduce product costs and share in absorbing cost increases; focusing on private label brands and smaller pack sizes; earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes or moderating purchasing in certain categories; and securing ocean carrier and container capacity. These strategies have and may continue to impact gross profit as a percentage of net sales.
We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to inflationary trends; tariffs and trade restrictions; fluctuations in global currencies; swings in macroeconomic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence; volatility in employment trends; and supply chain pressures, any of which may impact our results. For a detailed discussion on results of operations by reportable segment, refer to "
Results of Operations
" below.
Company Performance Metrics
We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. At times, we adjust our business strategies to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate. We define our financial priorities as follows:
•
Growth - serve customers through a seamless omni-channel experience;
•
Margin - improve our operating income margin through productivity initiatives as well as category and business mix; and
•
Returns - improve our Return on Investment through margin improvement and disciplined capital spend.
Growth
Our objective of prioritizing growth means we will focus on serving customers and members however they want to shop through our omni-channel business model. This includes increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at Sam's Club U.S. and through Walmart+, accelerating eCommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives that complement our strategy.
Comparable sales is a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including eCommerce sales, for a particular period over the corresponding period in