PhonePe in India. We continue to heavily invest in omni-channel and eCommerce innovation, which enables us to leverage technology, talent and expertise, and expand our assortment and service offerings.
We are enhancing our omni-channel capabilities through a combination of stores, eCommerce websites and service offerings, as well as our supply chain, combined with approximately 2.1 million associates as of January 31, 2025, to better serve our customers. Together, these elements produce a global retail ecosystem that we believe allows customers to view Walmart as their primary retail destination. In the U.S., our Walmart+ membership incorporates several service offerings which provide enhanced omni-channel shopping experiences and benefits for members. As we execute on our strategy globally, our business is expanding through offerings such as advertising, marketplace and fulfillment services, and financial services. These offerings represent mutually reinforcing pieces of our omni-channel model centered on our customers around the world who are increasingly seeking convenience.
Information About Our Segments
We are engaged in global operations of retail, wholesale and other units, as well as eCommerce, located throughout the U.S., Africa, Canada, Central America, Chile, China, India and Mexico. Our operations are conducted in three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club U.S., which are further described below. Each segment contributes to the Company's operating results differently. However, each has generally maintained a consistent contribution rate to the Company's net sales in recent years other than minor changes to the contribution rate for the Walmart International segment due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Additional information on our operating segments and geographic information is contained in
Note 12
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
6
Walmart U.S. Segment
Walmart U.S. is our largest segment and operates 4,605 stores in the U.S., including in all 50 states, Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. Walmart U.S. is a mass merchandiser of consumer products, operating under the "Walmart" and "Walmart Neighborhood Market" brands, including walmart.com. Walmart U.S. had net sales of $462.4 billion for fiscal 2025, representing 69% of our fiscal 2025 consolidated net sales, and had net sales of $441.8 billion and $420.6 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Omni-channel.
Walmart U.S. provides a convenient and seamless omni-channel experience to customers, integrating retail stores and eCommerce. Substantially all our stores provide same-day pickup and delivery, including offerings such as express delivery within 90 minutes, in-home delivery and digital pharmacy fulfillment options. Our Walmart+ membership offering provides enhanced omni-channel shopping benefits including unlimited free shipping on eligible items with no order minimum, unlimited delivery from store, fuel discounts,