publicity, additional litigation proceedings and reputational harm, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial position and results of operations.
We are also a defendant in litigation with the Federal Trade Commission regarding our money transfer agent services and are also cooperating with and responding to subpoenas issued by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania on behalf of the U.S. Department of Justice regarding our consumer fraud prevention program and anti-money laundering compliance related to our money transfer services, where we are an agent. We are unable to predict the outcome of the litigation or investigations or any other related actions by governmental entities regarding these matters and can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and whether our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
We discuss in more detail these cases and other litigation to which we are party below under the caption "
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
" and in
Note 10
in the "Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements," which are part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could increase the costs for our shareholders to bring claims, discourage our shareholders from bringing claims, or
limit our shareholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, associates or shareholders in such capacity.
Our amended and restated bylaws designate the Delaware Court of Chancery as the exclusive forum for certain shareholder claims, including derivative claims alleging a violation of duty by a current or former director, officer, associate or shareholder, unless we agree otherwise in writing. This exclusive forum provision may increase the cost for shareholders to bring claims or limit their ability to choose a favorable forum, potentially discouraging lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court finds this provision unenforceable, we may face higher costs resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could negatively impact our business and financial results. However, this provision does not affect the exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction of federal courts over actions brought under the federal securities laws, including the Exchange Act, as amended, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Not satisfying stakeholder expectations with respect to our ESG efforts could adversely affect our reputation or subject us to regulatory or litigation risk.
We strive to deliver shared value through our business, although stakeholder expectations continue to evolve and are not uniform, and our diverse