over which the Company can make repurchases. As of January 31, 2025 authorization for $
12.0
billion of share repurchases remained under the share repurchase program. Any repurchased shares are constructively retired and returned to an unissued status.
The Company regularly reviews share repurchase activity and considers several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, current cash needs, capacity for leverage, cost of borrowings, results of operations and the market price of the Company's common stock.
The following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share and total amount paid for share repurchases for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023:
Note 4.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
The following table provides the changes in the composition of total accumulated other comprehensive loss for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023:
(1)
Upon closing of the noncontrolling interest shareholder buyout of the Company's Massmart subsidiary during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the cumulative amount of currency translation was reallocated from the Company's noncontrolling interest back to the Company. Refer to
Note 3
.
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss for cash flow hedges are generally recorded in interest, net, in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. Amounts reclassified related to the cumulative translation for settlements of foreign-denominated bonds and associated cross-currency swaps are recorded in operating, selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income.
67
Note 5.
Accrued Liabilities
The Company's accrued liabilities consist of the following as of January 31, 2025 and 2024:
(1)
Accrued wages and benefits include accrued wages, salaries, vacation, bonuses and other incentive plans.
(2)
Self-insurance consists of insurance-related liabilities, such as workers' compensation, general liability, auto liability, product liability and certain employee-related healthcare benefits.
(3)
Accrued non-income taxes include accrued payroll, property, value-added, sales and miscellaneous other taxes.
(4)
Other accrued liabilities includes items such as deferred membership revenue, interest, supply chain, advertising, and maintenance and utilities.
Note 6.
Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt
Short-term borrowings consist of commercial paper and lines of credit. Short-term borrowings as of January 31, 2025 and 2024 were $
3.1
billion and $
0.9
billion, respectively, with weighted-average interest rates of
5.3
% and
7.7
%, respectively.
The Company has various committed lines of credit in the U.S. to support its commercial paper program which are summarized in the following table:
(1)
In April 2024, the Company renewed and extended its existing
364
-day revolving credit facility as well as its
five year
credit facility.
The committed lines of credit in the table above