accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amounts of gains and losses included in earnings from fair value changes for these investments are recognized within other gains and losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
The fair value of these investments is as follows:
The fair value of these investments decreased $
4.2
billion during fiscal 2025, primarily due to the sale of the Company's investment in JD.com in August 2024, as well as gains and losses resulting from net changes in the underlying stock prices of the investments, along with certain other immaterial investment activity. The fair value of these investments decreased $
3.4
billion during fiscal 2024 primarily due to gains and losses resulting from net changes in the underlying stock prices, along with certain other immaterial investment activity.
Sale of Investment
In August 2024, the Company sold its investment in JD.com for net proceeds of approximately $
3.6
billion and recorded a realized loss of $
0.3
billion within other gains and losses.
70
Derivatives
The Company also has derivatives recorded at fair value. Derivative fair values are the estimated amounts the Company would receive or pay upon termination of the related derivative agreements as of the reporting dates. The fair values have been measured using the income approach and Level 2 inputs, which include the relevant interest rate and foreign currency forward curves.
As of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, the notional amounts and fair values of these derivatives were as follows:
(1)
Primarily classified in deferred income taxes and other within the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements
In addition to assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company's assets and liabilities are also subject to nonrecurring fair value measurements. Generally, assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as a result of impairment charges.
The Company did not have any material assets or liabilities resulting in nonrecurring fair value measurements as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024.
Other Fair Value Disclosures
The Company records cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term borrowings at cost. The carrying values of these instruments approximate their fair value due to their short-term maturities.
The Company's long-term debt is also recorded at cost. The fair value is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on observable prices of identical instruments in less active markets.
The carrying value and fair value of the Company's long-term debt as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, are as follows:
Note 9.
Taxes
The components of income before income taxes are as follows:
A summary of the provision for income taxes is as follows:
71
Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
A reconciliation of the significant differences between the U.S. statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate on pre-tax income from continuing operations