suppliers. The resolution imposed a monetary penalty on Walmex's subsidiary in the amount of $
93.4
million pesos (approximately $
5
million U.S. dollars) and certain non-structural conduct measures relating to the
two
prohibited types of supplier contributions (while recognizing that other supplier contributions can continue). On January 6, 2025, Walmex's subsidiary challenged COFECE's resolution through an appeal in the specialized federal courts. Until the appeal is resolved, Walmex's subsidiary will operate in compliance with COFECE's ruling. Payment of the monetary penalty is stayed until the lawsuit is resolved.
Foreign Direct Investment Matters.
In July 2021, the Directorate of Enforcement in India issued a show cause notice to Flipkart Private Limited and one of its subsidiaries ("Flipkart"), and to unrelated companies and individuals, including certain current and former shareholders and directors of Flipkart. The notice requests the recipients to show cause as to why further proceedings under India's Foreign Direct Investment rules and regulations (the "Rules") should not be initiated against them based on alleged violations during the period from 2009 to 2015, prior to the Company's acquisition of a majority stake in Flipkart in 2018 (the "Notice"), in addition to more recent requests for information from the Directorate of Enforcement to Flipkart for periods prior and subsequent to April 2016 regarding the Rules, including the most recent request in February 2025 (the "Requests"). The Notice is an initial stage of proceedings under the Rules which could, depending upon the conclusions at the end of the initial stage, lead to a hearing to consider the merits of the allegations described in the Notice. If a hearing is initiated, whether with respect to the Notice or from further proceedings related to the Requests, and if it is determined that violations of the Rules occurred, then the regulatory authority has the authority to impose monetary and/or non-monetary relief, such as share ownership restrictions. Flipkart has been responding to the Notice and, if the matter progresses to a consideration of the merits of the allegations described in the Notice, Flipkart intends to defend against the allegations vigorously. Due to the fact that the process regarding the Notice is in the early stages, the Company is unable to predict whether the Notice will lead to a hearing on the merits or, if it does, the final outcome of the resulting proceedings, as well as whether any further proceedings will arise with respect to the Requests. The Company cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these matters and can provide no assurance as to the scope or outcome of any proceeding that might result from the Notice or the Requests, or the amount of the proceeds the Company may receive in indemnification from individuals and entities that sold shares to the Company under the 2018 agreement for the period prior to the date