merchandise is transported primarily through the segment's private truck fleet; however, we contract with common carriers to transport the majority of our perishable grocery merchandise. We ship merchandise purchased by customers on our eCommerce platforms by a number of methods from multiple locations by leveraging our ability to deliver directly from stores and shipping from our 29 dedicated eCommerce fulfillment centers.
7
Walmart International Segment
Walmart International is our second largest segment and operates 5,566 stores across 18 countries outside of the U.S. Walmart International operates through our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Canada, Chile, China, and Africa (which includes Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Eswatini, and Zambia), and our majority-owned subsidiaries in India, as well as Mexico and Central America (which includes Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua).
Walmart International includes numerous formats divided into two major categories: retail and wholesale. These categories consist of many formats, including: supercenters, supermarkets, warehouse clubs (including our membership-only Sam's Club format) and cash and carry, as well as eCommerce through websites and mobile applications, including walmart.com.mx, walmart.ca, flipkart.com, PhonePe and other sites. Walmart International had net sales of $121.9 billion for fiscal 2025, representing 18% of our fiscal 2025 consolidated net sales, and had net sales of $114.6 billion and $101.0 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Walmart International's strategy is to bring Walmart to the world and the world to Walmart, which means we help millions of customers and members save money and live better every day by leveraging our global ecosystem and deep local expertise to provide access to affordable products and services. In addition, we share what we learn in our markets to help the enterprise innovate and grow even faster. We are being deliberate about where and how we choose to operate and continue to re-shape the portfolio to best enable long-term, sustainable and profitable growth. As such, we have taken certain strategic actions to strengthen our Walmart International portfolio for the long-term, which include the following highlights over the last three years:
•
Bought out the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our Massmart subsidiary in November 2022 and exited operations in certain countries in Africa.
•
Increased our ownership in PhonePe, our digital payments platform in India, as part of the separation from Flipkart in December 2022.
•
Sold our equity investment in JD.com in August 2024.
Omni-channel.
Walmart International provides a convenient and seamless omni-channel experience to customers, integrating retail stores and eCommerce, such as through our pickup and delivery services in most of our markets, including same-day delivery. We continue to expand our marketplace offerings, which also further