to a hearing to consider the merits of the allegations described in the Notice. If a hearing is initiated, whether with respect to the Notice or from further proceedings related to the Requests, and if it is determined that violations of the Rules occurred, then the regulatory authority has the authority to impose monetary and/or non-monetary relief, such as share ownership restrictions. We are unable to predict whether the Notice will lead to a hearing on the merits or, if it does, the final outcome of the resulting proceedings, as well as whether any further proceedings will arise with respect to the Requests. We cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these matters and can provide no assurance as to the scope or outcome of any proceeding that might result from the Notice or the Requests and further can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
On January 13, 2020, the Competition Commission of India ("CCI") ordered its Director General (the "DG") to investigate certain matters alleging competition law violations by certain subsidiaries of Flipkart in India and other parties. On September 13, 2024, those subsidiaries received a non-confidential version of the DG's Investigation Report (the "Report"), alleging certain competition law violations. CCI is not bound by the Report, and will conduct its independent analysis of the allegations, including hearing objections from the subsidiaries and other parties before issuing its final order in the matter, which could include monetary and non-monetary relief. CCI's final order would also be subject to appropriate appellate proceedings. We can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of this matter, cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise, and can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Also, in October 2023, the main Mexican operating subsidiary of Wal-Mart de México, S.A.B. de C.V. ("Walmex") was notified of the initiation of a quasi-judicial administrative process against it for alleged relative monopolistic practices in connection with the supply and wholesale distribution of certain consumer goods and retail marketing practices of such consumer goods and related services. On December 12, 2024, the Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica of México ("COFECE") issued a split decision that Walmex's subsidiary had engaged in a single relative monopolistic practice in relation to the negotiation of two types of contributions with its suppliers. The resolution imposed a monetary penalty on Walmex's subsidiary and certain non-structural conduct measures. Walmex and its business operations may continue to be closely
27
monitored and subject to heightened scrutiny from regulatory authorities on these matters leading to possible negative