these matters. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of any of the opioid-related matters and no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Opioid Multidistrict Litigation; Other Opioid-Related Matters in the U.S. and Canada
. In December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated numerous lawsuits filed against a wide array of defendants by various plaintiffs, including counties, cities, healthcare providers, Native American tribes, individuals and third-party payers, asserting claims generally concerning the impacts of widespread opioid abuse. The consolidated multidistrict litigation is entitled
In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation
(MDL No. 2804) (the "MDL") and is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio. The Company is named as a defendant in some cases included in the MDL.
A trial involving claims brought by
two
counties against certain defendants, including the Company, in the MDL resulted in a judgment on August 17, 2022 that ordered all
three
defendants, including the Company, to pay an aggregate amount of approximately $
0.7
billion over
15
years, on a joint and several liability basis, and granted the plaintiffs injunctive relief. On September 7, 2022, the Company filed an appeal with the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. The monetary aspect of the judgment is stayed pending appeal, and the injunctive aspect of the judgment went into effect on February 20, 2023 and has not materially impacted the Company's operations. On September 11, 2023, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals issued an order certifying
14
Table of Contents
certain questions in the appeal for review by the Supreme Court of Ohio. On November 29, 2023, the Supreme Court of Ohio accepted the request for certification, and the matter remains pending with the Court.
Additional opioid-related cases against the Company remain pending in the MDL and in state and federal courts. The plaintiffs include healthcare providers, third-party payers, individuals and others and seek compensatory and punitive damages and injunctive relief, including abatement. The MDL has designated
four
cases brought by third-party payers as bellwether cases to proceed through discovery. The MDL may designate additional bellwether cases in the future.
The Company has been responding to subpoenas, information requests, and investigations from governmental entities related to nationwide controlled substance dispensing and distribution practices involving opioids.
Wal-Mart Canada Corp. and certain other subsidiaries of the Company have been named as defendants in
two
putative class action complaints filed in Canada related to distribution practices involving opioids. These matters remain pending.
Department of Justice Opioid Civil Litigation.
On December 22, 2020, the U.S. Department of Justice (the "DOJ") filed a civil