seamless omni-channel experience;
•
Margin - improve our operating income margin through productivity initiatives as well as category and business mix; and
•
Returns - improve our Return on Investment through margin improvement and disciplined capital spend.
Growth
Our objective of prioritizing growth means we will focus on serving customers and members however they want to shop through our omni-channel business model. This includes increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at Sam's Club and through Walmart+, accelerating eCommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives that complement our strategy.
Comparable sales is a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including eCommerce sales, for a particular period over the corresponding period in the previous year. The retail industry generally reports comparable sales using the retail calendar (also known as the 4-5-4 calendar). To be consistent with the retail industry, we provide comparable sales using the retail calendar in our quarterly earnings releases. However, when we discuss our comparable sales below, we are referring to our calendar comparable sales calculated using our fiscal calendar, which may result in differences when compared to comparable sales using the retail calendar. We focus on comparable sales in the U.S. as we believe it is a meaningful metric within the context of the U.S. retail market where there is a single currency, one inflationary market and generally consistent store and club formats from year to year.
Calendar comparable sales, as well as the impact of fuel, for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, were as follows:
Comparable sales in the U.S., including fuel, increased 4.9% and 4.7% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The Walmart U.S. segment had comparable sales growth of 5.1% and 4.7% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, driven by growth in transactions and unit volumes, with strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. The Walmart U.S. segment's eCommerce net sales positively contributed approximately 2.8% to comparable sales for both the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, which was primarily driven by store-fulfilled pickup and delivery.
Comparable sales at the Sam's Club segment increased 3.8% and 4.3% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, driven by growth in transactions and unit volumes, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. The Sam's Club segment's eCommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.7% and 2.1% to comparable sales for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, which was primarily driven by club-fulfilled curbside pickup and delivery.
20
Table of Contents
Margin
Our