beginning after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted and the amendments may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Management is currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company's disclosures.
Note 2.
Net Income Per Common Share
Basic net income per common share attributable to Walmart is based on the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the relevant period. Diluted net income per common share attributable to Walmart is based on the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the relevant period adjusted for the dilutive effect of share-based awards as determined under the treasury stock method. The Company did not have significant share-based awards outstanding that were antidilutive and not included in the calculation of diluted net income per common share attributable to Walmart for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023.
The following table provides a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators used to determine basic and diluted net income per common share attributable to Walmart:
11
Table of Contents
Note 3.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
The following tables provide the changes in the composition of total accumulated other comprehensive loss:
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss for derivative instruments are generally recorded in interest, net, in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Amounts reclassified related to the cumulative translation for settlements of foreign-denominated bonds and associated cross-currency swaps are recorded in operating, selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.
Note 4.
Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt
The Company has various committed lines of credit in the U.S. to support its commercial paper program. In April 2024, the Company renewed and extended its existing
364
-day revolving credit facility of $
10.0
billion as well as its
five-year
credit facility of $
5.0
billion. In total, the Company had committed lines of credit in the U.S. of $
15.0
billion at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, all undrawn.
The following table provides the changes in the Company's long-term debt for the nine months ended October 31, 2024:
12
Table of Contents
Debt Repayments
Information on significant long-term debt repayments during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 is as follows:
Note 5.
Fair Value Measurements
Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured using the fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are:
•
Level 1: observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;
•
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and
•
Level 3: unobservable inputs for which little or