Enforcement to Flipkart regarding Foreign Direct Investment rules and regulations in India and an India Antitrust Matter. We reference various legal proceedings related to the Prescription Opiate Litigation, the DOJ Opioid Civil Litigation, Opioids-Related Securities Class Actions, Shareholder Derivative Litigation and False Claims Act Litigation; Asda Equal Value Claims; Money Transfer Agent Services Litigation; Driver Platform Litigation; and Mexico Antitrust Matter in
Part I
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
," under the sub-caption "I. Supplemental Information." The foregoing matters and other matters described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent contingent liabilities of the Company that may or may not result in the incurrence of a material liability by the Company upon their final resolution.
Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates
Management strives to report our financial results in a clear and understandable manner, although in some cases accounting and disclosure rules are complex and require us to use technical terminology. In preparing the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, we follow accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. These principles require us to make certain estimates and apply judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations as reflected in our financial statements. These judgments and estimates are based on past events and expectations of future outcomes. Actual results may differ from our estimates.
Management continually reviews our accounting policies including how they are applied and how they are reported and disclosed in our financial statements. Following is a summary of our critical accounting estimates and how they are applied in preparation of the financial statements.
Contingencies
We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters. We record a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. We also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either reasonably possible or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. If a loss or an additional loss has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material, we provide disclosure of the loss contingency in the footnotes to our financial statements. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a
46
reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can be made. Although we are not able to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate a range of possible losses in certain matters described in
Note 10
to our Consolidated Financial Statements and have not recorded an associated accrual related to these matters, an adverse judgment or negotiated resolution in any of these