Used in Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities was $21.4 billion, $21.3 billion and $17.7 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and generally consisted of capital expenditures. Net cash used in investing activities increased $0.1 billion for fiscal 2025 when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase is primarily due to increased purchases of property and equipment as well as the acquisition of VIZIO for net consideration of $1.9 billion, partially offset by net proceeds received from sales of certain strategic investments, including $3.6 billion related to the sale of our JD.com investment. Net cash used in investing activities increased $3.6 billion for fiscal 2024 when compared to the previous fiscal year, primarily due to increased payments for property and equipment.
Capital expenditures
Refer to the "
Strategic Capital Allocation
" section in our
Company Performance Metrics
for capital expenditure detail for fiscal 2025 and 2024. For the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026 ("fiscal 2026"), we project capital expenditures will be approximately $21 billion to $25 billion, with a focus on technology, supply chain and customer-facing initiatives.
43
Net Cash Used in Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities generally consisted of debt transactions, dividends paid, repurchases of Company stock and transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders. Fiscal 2025 net cash used in financing activities increased $1.4 billion when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase is primarily due to lapping debt issuances in the prior fiscal year and increased share repurchases, partially offset by the purchase of certain noncontrolling interests in the prior fiscal year and higher short-term borrowings. Fiscal 2024 net cash used in financing activities decreased $3.6 billion when compared to the previous fiscal year. The decrease was primarily due to fewer share repurchases, partially offset by the purchase of certain noncontrolling interests.
Purchase and Sale of Subsidiary Stoc
k
During fiscal 2024, we paid $3.5 billion to acquire shares from certain Flipkart noncontrolling interest holders and settle the liability to former noncontrolling interest holders of PhonePe. Additionally, we received $0.7 billion related to new rounds of equity funding for the Company's majority owned PhonePe subsidiary.
During fiscal 2023, we completed a $0.4 billion buyout of the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our Massmart subsidiary and completed a $0.4 billion acquisition of Alert Innovation, bringing our ownership to approximately 100% of both Massmart and Alert Innovation. The Alert Innovation entity was subsequently sold and deconsolidated in fiscal 2025.
Short-term Borrowings
We generally utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. The following table