these programs is optional and solely up to the supplier, who negotiates the terms of the arrangement directly with the financial institution and may allow early payment. Supplier participation in these programs has no bearing on the Company's amounts due. The payment terms that the Company has with participating suppliers under these programs generally range between
30
and
90
days. The Company does not have an economic interest in a supplier's participation in the program or a direct financial relationship with the financial institution funding the program. The Company is responsible for ensuring that participating financial institutions are paid according to the terms negotiated with the supplier, regardless of whether the supplier elects to receive early payment from the financial institution. The outstanding payment obligations to financial institutions under these programs were $
6.8
billion, $
5.3
billion and $
6.1
billion, as of October 31, 2024, January 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, respectively. These obligations are generally classified as accounts payable within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The activity related to these programs is classified as an operating activity within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
10
Table of Contents
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
, which updates reportable segment disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments will be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Management expects the ASU to result in incremental expense disclosures for each of the Company's reportable segments.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, which expands the requirements for income tax disclosures in order to provide greater transparency. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments may be applied prospectively or retrospectively. Management is currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company's disclosures, and intends to apply the amendments prospectively upon adoption.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
, which requires incremental disclosures about specific expense categories, including but not limited to, purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, amortization and selling expenses. The amendments are effective for fiscal years