and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed an applied threshold not to exceed $1 million.
In October 2023, the Company received a Finding of Violation from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA") alleging violations of the Clean Air Act in connection with the Company's refrigeration leak detection and repair program at certain of its facilities. The Company is evaluating the findings and cooperating with the EPA in its investigation. The EPA may seek to impose monetary and non-monetary penalties for the alleged violations of the Clean Air Act. Due to the fact that this process is in an early stage, the Company is unable to predict the final outcome of this matter. Although the Company does not believe this matter will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, the Company can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Not applicable.
31
PART II
Market for Common Stock
The principal market on which Walmart's common stock is listed for trading is the New York Stock Exchange. The common stock trades under the symbol "WMT."
Holders of Record of Common Stock
As of March 12, 2025, there were 194,162 holders of record of Walmart's common stock, although there is a much larger number of beneficial owners.
Stock Performance Chart
This graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on Walmart's common stock during the five fiscal years ended through fiscal 2025 to the cumulative total returns on the S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Distribution & Retailing Index (formerly named the S&P 500 Retailing Index) and the S&P 500 Index. The comparison assumes $100 was invested on February 1, 2020 in shares of our common stock and in each of the indices shown and assumes that all of the dividends were reinvested.
Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities
From time to time, the Company repurchases shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the Company's Board of Directors. All repurchases made during fiscal 2025 were made under the current $20.0 billion share repurchase program approved in November 2022, which has no expiration date or other restrictions limiting the period over which the Company can make repurchases. As of January 31, 2025, authorization for $12.0 billion of share repurchases remained under the share repurchase program. Any repurchased shares are constructively retired and returned to an unissued status.
32
Share repurchase activity under our share repurchase programs, on a trade date basis, for each month in the quarter ended January 31, 2025, was as follows:
(1)
Represents the approximate dollar value of shares that could have been repurchased under the current plan at the end of the month.
33
Overview
This discussion, which presents our results for the fiscal years ended