billion and $
1.7
billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and
60
2023, respectively, primarily due to net changes in the underlying stock prices of those investments. Refer to
Note 8
for details. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are carried at cost and adjusted for any observable price changes or impairments within other gains and losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Investments in debt securities classified as trading are reported at fair value and included in other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and adjustments in fair value are recorded within other gains and losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company had debt securities classified as trading of $
1.2
billion as of both January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, the majority of which is mandatorily redeemable in fiscal 2029, related to its retained investment in Asda, the Company's former retail operations in the U.K. The fair value of this investment is primarily estimated (generally using Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy) by discounting the future cash flows over the remaining period until the mandatory redemption date at an appropriate discount rate reflecting Asda’s credit risk.
Indemnification Liabilities
The Company has provided certain indemnifications in connection with previous divestitures and has recorded indemnification liabilities equal to the estimated fair value of the obligations.
As of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, the Company had $
0.6
billion and $
0.7
billion, respectively, of certain legal indemnification liabilities recorded within deferred income taxes and other in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Maximum potential future payments under these indemnities was $
3.1
billion, based on exchange rates as of January 31, 2025.
Supplier Financing Program Obligations
The Company has supplier financing programs with financial institutions, in which the Company agrees to pay the financial institution the stated amount of confirmed invoices on the invoice due date for participating suppliers. Participation in these programs is optional and solely up to the supplier, who negotiates the terms of the arrangement directly with the financial institution and may allow early payment. Supplier participation in these programs has no bearing on the Company's amounts due. The payment terms that the Company has with participating suppliers under these programs generally range between
30
and
90
days. The Company does not have an economic interest in a supplier's participation in the program or a direct financial relationship with the financial institution funding the program. The Company is responsible for ensuring that participating financial institutions are paid according to the terms negotiated with the supplier, regardless of whether the supplier elects to receive early payment from the financial institution
.
The rollforward of the Company's outstanding payment obligations to financial institutions under