our processes around fair-pay practices and are committed to creating a performance culture where associates are rewarded based on meaningful factors such as qualifications, experience, performance and the work they do.
To build a company where associates feel seen, supported and connected, we gather and respond to associate feedback in a variety of ways, including in-person dialogue; leadership visits and listening sessions; surveys like our associate engagement survey and monthly pulse surveys; and always-on confidential channels, including our Open Door processes and ethics channels.
Well-being
-
Prioritize the emotional, physical and financial well-being of associates.
We invest in our associates by offering competitive wages, as well as a broad range of benefits to meet the diverse needs of our global associate population and their eligible dependents. In the U.S., this includes company-paid benefits such as 401(k) match, family building benefits, maternity leave, fertility benefits, a paid parental leave program to all full-time associates, paid time off, Associate Stock Purchase Plan match, life insurance, medical coverage (including supporting associates with a U.S. Medical Plan with free virtual visits for medical doctor urgent care), behavioral and mental health services (including virtual care with psychiatrists and psychologists), a Walmart discount card or Sam's Club membership and predictable scheduling that helps associates plan for life outside of work and know what to expect in their paychecks.
Additional information about how we invest in our associates' well-being, including wage structure and pay, can be found in the Our People brief in our most recent ESG reporting, which is available on our corporate website. Nothing on our website, including our ESG reporting documents, or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the SEC. Certain information relating to retirement-related benefits we provide to our associates is included in
Note 11
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Growth
-
Provide ongoing growth, development and learning opportunities for associates and continue to attract talent with new skills.
We are invested in the growth of our associates – in support of our business and their success – by offering good entry-level jobs in addition to multiple career pathways that lead to great careers and better lives.
Approximately 75% of our U.S. salaried store, club and supply chain management started their careers in hourly positions. Our focus on providing a path of opportunity for our associates through robust training, competitive wages and benefits and career mobility creates a strong associate value proposition and strengthens our workforce. In the U.S., we seek to enable these pathways through programs like Walmart Academy, Live Better U ("LBU"), and other various associate training programs.