the period divided by average total assets for the period. We define ROI as operating income plus interest income, depreciation and amortization, and rent expense for the trailing 12 months divided by average invested capital during the period. We consider average invested capital to be the average of our beginning and ending total assets, plus average accumulated depreciation and amortization, less average accounts payable and average accrued liabilities for that period. Although ROI is a standard financial measure, numerous methods exist for calculating a company's ROI. As a result, the method used by management to calculate our ROI may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their ROI.
36
ROA was 7.9% and 6.6% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in ROA was primarily due to an increase in consolidated net income during the trailing 12 month period, as a result of higher operating income and changes in the fair value of our equity and other investments.
ROI was 15.5% and 15.0% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in ROI was the result of an increase in operating income, primarily due to improvements in business performance, partially offset by an increase in average invested capital primarily due to higher purchases of property and equipment.
The calculation of ROA and ROI, along with a reconciliation of ROI to the calculation of ROA, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, is as follows:
(1)
The average is based on the addition of the account balance at the end of the current period to the account balance at the end of the prior period and dividing by two.
Strategic Capital Allocation
Our strategy includes allocating the majority of our capital to higher-return areas focused on automation such as eCommerce, supply chain and store and club investments. The following table provides additional detail regarding our capital expenditures:
37
Free Cash Flow
Free cash flow is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Management believes, however, that free cash flow, which measures our ability to generate additional cash from our business operations, is an important financial measure for use in evaluating the Company's financial performance. Free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, consolidated net income as a measure of our performance and net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. See
Liquidity and Capital Resources
for discussions of GAAP metrics including net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities in a period minus payments for property and equipment made in that period. We had net cash provided by operating activities of $36.4 billion, $35.7 billion and $28.8 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We generated free cash flow of $12.7 billion, $15.1 billion