restricted cash, and short-term borrowings at cost. The carrying values of these instruments approximate their fair value due to their short-term maturities.
The Company's long-term debt is also recorded at cost. The fair value is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on observable prices of identical instruments in less active markets.
The carrying value and fair value of the Company's long-term debt as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, are as follows:
Note 6.
Contingencies
Legal Proceedings
The Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters. The Company records a liability for those legal proceedings and regulatory matters when it determines it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company also discloses when it is reasonably possible that a material loss may be incurred. From time to time, the Company may enter into discussions regarding settlement of these matters, and may enter into settlement agreements, if it believes settlement is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders.
Unless stated otherwise, the matters discussed below, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, individually or in the aggregate, may result in a liability material to the Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss, beyond the amounts accrued, if any, that may arise from these matters.
Settlement of Certain Opioid-Related Matters
The Company entered into settlement agreements with all
50
states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico,
three
U.S. territories, and the vast majority of eligible political subdivisions and federally recognized Native American tribes to resolve opioid-related claims against the Company.  Remaining eligible political subdivisions and federally recognized Native American tribes have until July 15, 2025 and February 24, 2026, respectively, to join these settlements. In fiscal year 2023, the Company accrued a liability of approximately $
3.3
billion for these settlements, which include amounts for remediation of alleged harms, attorneys' fees, and costs. As of January 31, 2024, substantially all of the approximately $
3.3
billion accrued liability had been paid.
Ongoing Opioid-Related Litigation
The Company will continue to vigorously defend against any opioid-related matters not settled or otherwise resolved, including, but not limited to, each of the matters described below; any other actions filed by healthcare providers, individuals and third-party payers; and any action filed by a political subdivision or Native American tribe that elects not to join the settlement described above. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued a liability for these opioid-related matters nor can the Company reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from