potential derivative claims. If the Delaware Court of Chancery approves the proposed settlement: (i) insurance carriers would pay the Company $
123
million, less any attorneys' fees and litigation expenses awarded by the Court to plaintiffs' counsel; and (ii) the Company would maintain certain corporate governance practices for a period of at least
five years
. The settlement does not include any admission of liability, and the defendants expressly deny any wrongdoing. The Company has provided notice of the settlement to shareholders as directed by Court Order. The Court has scheduled a hearing on December 20, 2024 to consider whether to approve the settlement. If approved, the Company will record the net proceeds as a reduction to operating, selling, general, and administrative expense in the period realized.
False Claims Act Litigation.
On August 23, 2019, a qui tam action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico. The action was partially unsealed on April 30, 2024 after the federal government declined to intervene. The DOJ informed the Company of its decision not to intervene on June 20, 2024. On July 25, 2024, the Court transferred the litigation to the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. The operative complaint is brought by
two
former pharmacists of the Company as relators and alleges the Company violated the Controlled Substances Act and state pharmacy regulations and that such conduct constitutes violations of the federal False Claims Act. The Company filed a motion to dismiss on October 31, 2024.
15
Table of Contents
Other Legal Proceedings
Asda Equal Value Claims.
Asda, formerly a subsidiary of the Company, was and still is a defendant in certain equal value claims that began in 2008 and are proceeding before an Employment Tribunal in Manchester in the United Kingdom on behalf of current and former Asda store employees, as well as additional claims in the High Court of the United Kingdom (the "Asda Equal Value Claims"). Further claims may be asserted in the future. Subsequent to the divestiture of Asda in February 2021, the Company continues to oversee the conduct of the defense of these claims. While potential liability for these claims remains with Asda, the Company has agreed to provide indemnification with respect to certain of these claims up to a contractually determined amount. The Company cannot predict the number of such claims that may be filed, and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise related to these proceedings. Accordingly, the Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters.
Money Transfer Agent Services Matters.
The Company has responded to grand jury subpoenas issued by the United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania on behalf of the DOJ seeking documents regarding the Company's consumer fraud prevention program and anti-money laundering compliance related to the Company's money transfer