Additionally, we focus on our mix of businesses, including expanding our ecosystem in higher margin areas, such as digital advertising and marketplace. Our objective is to achieve operating income leverage, which we define as growing operating income at a faster rate than net sales.
(1)
Gross profit defined as net sales less cost of sales.
Gross profit as a percentage of net sales ("gross profit rate") increased 40 and 27 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily driven by the Walmart U.S. segment, due to managing prices aligned to our competitive historic price gaps, as well as growth in higher margin businesses globally, partially offset by mix shifts into lower margin merchandise categories. Additionally, the increase in fiscal 2024 benefited from lapping higher markdowns incurred in the prior year.
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 36 and decreased 60 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase for fiscal 2025 was primarily due to higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance, increased marketing and higher depreciation expenses. The decrease for fiscal 2024 was primarily due to lapping charges of $3.3 billion related to opioid-related legal settlements and $0.8 billion related to the reorganization and restructuring of certain businesses in the Walmart International segment in the prior year.
Operating income as a percentage of net sales increased 15 and 83 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, due to the factors described above, as well as from strong growth in membership income globally.
Returns
As we execute our financial framework, we believe our return on capital will improve over time. We measure return on capital with our return on investment and free cash flow metrics. In addition, we provide returns in the form of share repurchases and dividends, which are discussed in the
Liquidity and Capital Resources
section.
Return on Assets and Return on Investment
We include Return on Assets ("ROA") and Return on Investment ("ROI") as metrics to assess our return on capital. ROA is the most directly comparable measure based on our financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP") while ROI is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Management believes ROI is a meaningful metric to share with investors because it helps investors assess how effectively Walmart is deploying its assets. Trends in ROI can fluctuate over time as management balances long-term strategic initiatives with possible short-term impacts.
Our calculation of ROI is considered a non-GAAP financial measure because we calculate ROI using financial measures that exclude and include amounts that are included and excluded in ROA, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. ROA is consolidated net income for