commercial paper and interest rate swaps, represented 20% of our total short-term and long-term debt. Based on January 31, 2025 debt levels, a 100 basis point change in prevailing market rates would cause our annual interest costs to change by approximately $0.1 billion.
47
Foreign Currency Risk
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates as a result of our investments and operations in countries other than the U.S., as well as our foreign-currency-denominated long-term debt. For fiscal 2025, movements in currency exchange rates and the related impact on the translation of the balance sheets resulted in the $2.2 billion net loss in the currency translation and other category of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
We hedge a portion of our foreign currency risk by entering into currency swaps. The aggregate fair value of these swaps was in a liability position of $1.4 billion and $1.3 billion as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The change in the fair value of these swaps was due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, primarily due to the weakening of certain currencies relative to the U.S. dollar in fiscal 2025. The hypothetical result of a uniform 10% weakening in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies underlying these swaps would have resulted in a change in the value of the swaps of $0.6 billion. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates underlying these swaps from the market rates in effect as of January 31, 2025 would have resulted in a change in the value of the swaps of $0.1 billion.
In certain countries, we also enter into immaterial foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the purchase and payment of purchase commitments denominated in non-functional currencies.
Investment Risk
We are exposed to investment risk primarily related to changes in the fair value of certain equity investments, including certain immaterial equity method investments where we have elected the fair value option, measured on a recurring basis. The amounts of gains and losses included in earnings from fair value changes for these investments are recorded within other gains and losses and, along with certain other immaterial investment activity, resulted in a net loss of $0.8 billion in fiscal 2025 primarily due to net decreases in the underlying stock prices of these investments. As of January 31, 2025, the fair value of our equity investments, including certain immaterial equity method investments where we have elected the fair value option, measured on a recurring basis was $3.0 billion. As of January 31, 2025, a hypothetical 10% change in the stock price of such investments would have changed the fair value of such investments by approximately $0.3 billion.
48
Consolidated Financial Statements of Walmart Inc.
For the Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2025
Table of Contents
49
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Walmart Inc.
Opinion