opioids. We are a defendant in numerous litigation proceedings related to opioids, including the multidistrict litigation entitled In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation (MDL No. 2804) currently pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, cases pending in various state and federal courts, and a lawsuit filed against us by the U.S. Department of Justice in the District of Delaware in 2020. We cannot predict the ultimate number of opioids-related claims that may be filed or their outcomes and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from opioids-related matters.
In addition, we have been responding to subpoenas, information requests and investigations from governmental entities regarding the independent contractor classification of drivers and payment and operational practices with respect to our driver platform, as well as defending putative class and representative action civil litigation relating to driver classification and defending other civil litigation and arbitration claims in connection with the driver platform. On December 23, 2024, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") filed a lawsuit against the Company and Branch Messenger, Inc. in the District of Minnesota alleging the Company violated the Consumer Financial Protection Act by allegedly requiring independent contractor drivers on the Spark platform to receive payments through a financial product offered by Branch. The CFPB seeks an injunction and unspecified restitution, damages and civil penalties. On February 20, 2025, the Court entered an order that indefinitely stays the case and vacates all deadlines. We cannot predict the outcome of the investigations by the governmental entities or the civil litigation and arbitration matters. We cannot provide any assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and no assurance that our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
In July 2021, the Directorate of Enforcement in India issued a show cause notice to Flipkart Private Limited and one of its subsidiaries ("Flipkart"), and to unrelated companies and individuals, including certain current and former shareholders and directors of Flipkart. The notice requests the recipients to show cause as to why further proceedings under India's Foreign Direct Investment rules and regulations (the "Rules") should not be initiated against them based on alleged violations during the period from 2009 to 2015, prior to our acquisition of a majority stake in Flipkart in 2018 (the "Notice"), in addition to more recent requests for information from the Directorate of Enforcement to Flipkart for periods prior and subsequent to April 2016 regarding the Rules, including the most recent request in February 2025 (the "Requests"). The Notice is an initial stage of proceedings under the Rules which could, depending upon the conclusions at the end of the initial stage, lead