primary beneficiary of those entities' operations. Investments in common stock or in-substance common stock for which the Company exercises significant influence but does not have control are accounted for under the equity method. These variable interest entities and equity method investments are immaterial to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements are based on a fiscal year ending on January 31 for the United States ("U.S.") and Canadian operations. The Company consolidates all other operations generally using a one-month lag and based on a calendar year. There were no significant intervening events during the month of January 2025 related to the operations consolidated using a lag that materially affected the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Use of Estimates
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). Those principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Management's estimates and assumptions also affect the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates.
Common Stock Split
On February 23, 2024, the Company effected a
3
-for-1 forward split of its common stock and a proportionate increase in the number of authorized shares. All share and per share information, including share based compensation, has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. The shares of common stock retain a par value of $
0.10
per share. Accordingly, an amount equal to the par value of the increased shares resulting from the stock split was reclassified from capital in excess of par value to common stock.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers investments with a maturity when purchased of three months or less to be cash equivalents. All credit card, debit card and electronic transfer transactions that process in less than seven days are classified as cash and cash equivalents. The amounts due from banks for these transactions classified as cash and cash equivalents totaled $
2.3
billion and $
2.1
billion as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The Company's cash balances are held in various locations around the world. Of the Company's $
9.0
billion and $
9.9
billion in cash and cash equivalents as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, approximately
62
% and
60
% were held outside of the U.S., respectively. Cash and cash equivalents held outside of the U.S. are generally utilized to support liquidity needs in the Company's non-U.S. operations.
The Company uses intercompany financing arrangements in an effort to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible.
As of January 31, 2025 and 2024, cash and cash