remaining available cash flow has been used to fund dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our investment activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future.
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was $36.4 billion, $35.7 billion and $28.8 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2025, when compared to the previous fiscal year, is primarily due to an increase in cash provided by operating income and lapping the payment of accrued opioid legal charges in the prior year, partially offset by increased inventory purchases. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2024, when compared to the previous fiscal year, was primarily due to higher cash provided by operating income, as well as timing of certain payments and strategic inventory management as part of working capital initiatives, partially offset by payment of the remaining accrued opioid legal charges.
Cash Equivalents and Working Capital Deficit
Cash and cash equivalents were $9.0 billion and $9.9 billion as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our working capital deficit, defined as total current assets less total current liabilities, was $17.1 billion and $15.5 billion as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in our working capital deficit is primarily driven by an increase in short-term borrowings for general corporate purposes and accounts payable due to timing of payments, partially offset by increased inventories and receivables related to higher sales growth. We generally operate with a working capital deficit due to our efficient use of cash in funding operations, consistent access to the capital markets and returns provided to our shareholders in the form of payments of cash dividends and share repurchases.
We use intercompany financing arrangements in an effort to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible. Additionally, from time-to-time, we repatriate earnings and related cash from jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Under current law, repatriations of foreign earnings will generally be free of U.S. federal tax, but may incur other taxes such as withholding or state taxes. We do not expect current local laws, or other existing limitations on anticipated future repatriations of cash amounts held outside the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial position or results of operations.
As of January 31, 2025 and 2024, cash and cash equivalents of $3.3 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively, may not be freely transferable to the U.S. due to local laws or other restrictions or are subject to the approval of the noncontrolling interest shareholders.
Net Cash