stakeholders expect us to make significant progress in certain areas. We have established, and may continue to establish, various goals and initiatives on certain matters, including with respect to climate change, waste, packaging, plastic usage and other topics. We periodically publish information about our shared value priorities, strategies, progress and challenges through our online ESG reporting, which is not incorporated by reference into and does not form any part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Achievement of these aspirations and goals is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control, and we cannot guarantee that we will achieve our goals or that our initiatives will achieve their desired results. Consequently, it is possible that we may fail, or be perceived to have failed, in the achievement of our ESG goals and certain customers, associates, shareholders, investors, suppliers, business partners, government agencies and non-governmental organizations might not be satisfied with our progress. Furthermore, federal, state and local regulatory authorities, private organizations and individuals may challenge our approach to ESG issues, including allegations that we failed in our efforts, should not have undertaken such efforts or that we improperly engaged with other entities in our approach to ESG issues. These challenges could involve administrative proceedings or litigation, including as class or mass actions. A failure or perceived failure to meet our goals or to otherwise meet evolving and diverse stakeholder expectations could adversely affect public perception of our business, associate morale or customer or shareholder support.
None.
Walmart seeks to build and maintain the trust of customers, associates, shareholders and other stakeholders with respect to our use of technology and data. Our digital trust commitments, in line with our Company's values of service, excellence, integrity and respect for the individual, provide a foundation for our approach to cybersecurity.
The Board of Directors, committees of the Board of Directors and management coordinate risk oversight and management responsibilities, and cybersecurity represents an important component of our overall approach to enterprise risk management.
In general, we seek to address cybersecurity risks through a cross-functional approach
focused on protecting business operations and preserving the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information by identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents when they occur.
28
Board of Directors' oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats
Our Board of Directors, which has primary responsibility for overseeing risk management,
has delegated risk management oversight responsibility for information systems, information security, data privacy and cybersecurity to the Audit Committee.
Several of our Board members, including certain