which includes funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases.
We have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. As of October 31, 2024, the ratings assigned to our commercial paper and rated series of our outstanding long-term debt were as follows:
28
Table of Contents
Credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically and, therefore, the credit ratings assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. Accordingly, we are not able to predict whether our current credit ratings will remain consistent over time. Factors that could affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the general economic environment, conditions in the retail industry, our financial position, including our total debt and capitalization, and changes in our business strategy. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our future borrowing costs or impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us. In addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper markets with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, potentially requiring us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. The credit rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or debt securities. Each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Moreover, each credit rating is specific to the security to which it applies.
Other Matters
In
Note 6
to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is captioned "Contingencies" and appears in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under the caption "
Item 1. Financial Statements
," we discuss, under the sub-captions "
Settlement of Certain Opioid-Related Matters,
"
and
"
Ongoing Opioid-Related Litigation,
" as well as the Prescription Opiate Litigation, and other matters, including certain risks arising therefrom. In
Note 6
, we also discuss, "
Asda Equal Value Claims
"
the Company's indemnification obligation for the Asda Equal Value Claims matter as well as "
Money Transfer Agent Services Matters,
" a United States Federal Trade Commission complaint related to money transfers and the Company's anti-fraud program and a government investigation by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania into the Company's consumer fraud prevention and anti-money laundering compliance related to the Company's money transfer agent services. In
Note 6
, under "
Mexico Antitrust Matter
," we also discuss a quasi-judicial administrative process