comparable to those of other retailers that may include all costs related to their distribution facilities in cost of sales and in the calculation of gross profit.
As a result, the Company’s cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses for each of its reportable segments may not be comparable to those of other retailers.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, and consist primarily of digital, television and print advertisements that are recorded in operating, selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income.
Advertising costs were $
5.1
billion, $
4.4
billion and $
4.1
billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Currency Translation
The assets and liabilities of all international subsidiaries are translated from the respective local currency to the U.S. dollar using exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Related translation adjustments are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The Company's Consolidated Statements of Income of all international subsidiaries are translated from the respective local currencies to the U.S. dollar using average exchange rates for the period covered by the income statements.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
, which updates reportable segment disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company adopted the ASU for the fiscal year ended  January 31, 2025 on a retrospective basis for all prior periods presented in the financial statements, which includes disclosure of cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses by segment. See
Note
12
.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, which expands the requirements for income tax disclosures in order to provide greater transparency. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively, although optional retrospective application is permitted. Management intends to adopt the amendments prospectively for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026 and is currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company's disclosures. The amendments only impact disclosures and are not expected to have an impact on the Company's financial condition and results of operations.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
, which requires incremental disclosures