flow.
The following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share and total amount paid for share repurchases for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023:
Material Cash Requirements
Material cash requirements from operating activities primarily consist of inventory purchases, employee related costs, taxes, interest and other general operating expenses, which we expect to be primarily satisfied by our cash from operations. Other material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations include short-term borrowings, long-term debt and related interest payments, leases and purchase obligations. See
Note 6
and
Note 7
to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and leases, respectively.
As of January 31, 2025, the Company has $37.2 billion of unrecorded purchase obligations outstanding, of which $15.9 billion is due within one year. Purchase obligations include legally binding contracts, such as firm commitments for inventory and utility purchases, as well as commitments to make capital expenditures, software acquisition and license commitments and legally binding service contracts. Contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Contracts that specify the Company will purchase all or a portion of its requirements of a specific product or service from a supplier, but do not include a fixed or minimum quantity, are excluded from the obligations quantified above. Accordingly, purchase orders for inventory are also excluded as purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are based on our current inventory needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time periods. We also enter into contracts for outsourced services; however, the obligations under these contracts are not significant and the contracts generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.
Capital Resources
We believe our cash flows from operations, current cash position, short-term borrowings and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements and contractual obligations, which includes funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases.
45
We have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes