membership-only club, membership income is a significant component of the segment's operating income.
Membership.
The following two options are available to members:
All memberships include a spouse/household card at no additional cost. Club members are eligible for free curbside pickup with orders of $50 or greater. Plus members receive free curbside pickup, free delivery-from-club and free shipping on orders of $50 or greater, exclusive discounts and convenience offers, and the ability to shop before regular shopping hours. Beginning in fiscal 2023, Sam's Club U.S. launched a rewards program through which members may earn Sam's Cash on purchases that can be redeemed for cash, used for purchases, or used to pay membership fees.
Omni-channel.
Sam's Club U.S. provides a fast and seamless omni-channel experience to members, integrating physical clubs and eCommerce. Curbside pickup provides fast, easy and contact-free shopping for members; Scan & Go mobile checkout and payment solution allows members to bypass the checkout line; and Just Go, launched in fiscal 2025, provides members with a friction-free exit experience. The warehouse facility sizes generally range between 94,000 and 168,000 square feet, with an average size of approximately 134,000 square feet.
Merchandise.
Sam's Club U.S. offers merchandise in the following four merchandise categories:
•
Grocery consists of dairy, meat, bakery, deli, produce, dry, chilled or frozen packaged foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, floral, snack foods, candy, other grocery items, as well as consumables such as health and beauty aids, paper goods, laundry and home care, baby care, pet supplies and other consumable items;
•
General merchandise includes home, hardlines and seasonal items (such as home improvement, outdoor living, gardening, furniture, apparel, jewelry, tools and power equipment, housewares, toys and mattresses), as well as technology and entertainment items (such as consumer electronics and accessories, software, video games, office supplies, appliances and third-party gift cards);
•
Health and wellness includes pharmacy, optical and hearing services, over-the-counter drugs; and protein and nutrition; and
•
Fuel and other categories.
Within the categories above, the Member's Mark private label brand continues to expand its assortment and deliver member value. Periodically, revisions are made to the categorization of the components comprising our strategic merchandise units. When revisions are made, the previous periods' presentation is adjusted to maintain comparability.
Distribution.
Sam's Club U.S. utilizes 31 dedicated distribution facilities located strategically throughout the U.S., as well as some of the Walmart U.S. segment's distribution facilities which service the Sam's Club U.S. segment for certain items. Sam's Club U.S. uses a combination of our private truck fleet, as well as common carriers, to transport perishable and non-perishable merchandise from distribution