the previous year. The retail industry generally reports comparable sales using the retail calendar (also known as the 4-5-4 calendar). To be consistent with the retail industry, we provide comparable sales using the retail calendar in our quarterly earnings releases. However, when we discuss our comparable sales below, we are referring to our calendar comparable sales calculated using our fiscal calendar, which may result in differences when compared to comparable sales using the retail calendar. We report on comparable sales in the U.S. as we believe it is a meaningful metric within the context of the U.S. retail market where there is a single currency, one inflationary market and generally consistent store and club formats from year to year.
Calendar comparable sales, as well as the impact of fuel, for fiscal 2025 and 2024, were as follows:
Comparable sales in the U.S., including fuel, increased 4.8% and 4.9% in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. Walmart U.S. comparable sales increased 4.8% and 5.5% in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. For fiscal 2025, comparable sales growth was driven by growth in transactions and unit volumes, with strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. For fiscal 2024, comparable sales growth was driven by growth in transactions combined with growth in average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness.Walmart U.S. eCommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.9% and 2.6% to comparable sales for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, which was primarily driven by store-fulfilled pickup and delivery.
Comparable sales at Sam's Club U.S. increased 4.7% and 2.3% in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. For fiscal 2025, Sam's Club U.S. comparable sales increased due to growth in transactions and unit volumes, with strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Sam's Club U.S. comparable sales for fiscal 2024 increased due to growth in transactions and average ticket,
35
including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Additionally, fiscal 2025 and 2024 growth was partially offset by lower fuel sales primarily due to lower market prices. Sam's Club U.S. eCommerce sales
positively
contributed approximately 2.3% and 1.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, which was primarily driven by club-fulfilled curbside pickup and delivery.
Margin
Our objective of prioritizing margin focuses on growth with a focus on incremental margin accretion through a combination of productivity improvements as well as category and business mix. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs and we operate with discipline by managing expenses and optimizing the efficiency of how we work. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative ("operating") expenses.