respect to those entities are substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries.
In the ordinary course of business, we review our internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our systems and processes to improve such controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, updating existing systems, automating manual processes, standardizing controls globally, migrating certain processes to our shared services organizations and increasing monitoring controls. We are currently upgrading our financial system in stages, beginning in our U.S. and Canadian markets, including our general ledger which was upgraded for these markets during fiscal 2024. Our financial system is a significant component of our internal control over financial reporting. We will continue to implement other components of our new financial system in stages, and each implementation will impact our internal control over financial reporting.
An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms. There has been no significant change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
30
Table of Contents
PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.  Legal Proceedings
I. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:
The Company is involved in legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business, including litigation, arbitration and other claims, and investigations, inspections, subpoenas, audits, claims, inquiries and similar actions by governmental authorities.
We discuss certain legal proceedings in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under the caption "Item 1. Financial Statements," in
Note 6
to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is captioned