period prior to the date the Company acquired its majority stake in Flipkart, and further can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
India Antitrust Matter.
On January 13, 2020, the Competition Commission of India ("CCI") ordered its Director General ("DG") to investigate certain matters alleging competition law violations by certain subsidiaries of Flipkart in India and other parties. On September 13, 2024, those subsidiaries received a non-confidential version of the DG's Investigation Report ("Report"), alleging certain competition law violations. CCI is not bound by the Report, and will conduct its independent analysis of the allegations, including hearing objections from the subsidiaries and other parties before issuing its final order in the matter, which could include monetary and non-monetary relief. CCI's final order would also be subject to appropriate appellate proceedings. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of this matter, cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise, and can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Note 7.
Segments and Disaggregated Revenue
Segments
The Company is engaged in the operation of retail and wholesale stores and clubs, as well as eCommerce websites and mobile applications, located throughout the U.S., Africa, Canada, Central America, Chile, China, India and Mexico. The Company's operations are conducted in
three
reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club. The Company defines its segments as those operations whose results the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") regularly reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources. The Company sells similar individual products and services in each of its segments. It is impractical to segregate and identify revenues for each of these individual products and services.
The Walmart U.S. segment includes the Company's mass merchandising concept in the U.S., as well as eCommerce, which includes omni-channel initiatives and certain other business offerings such as advertising services through Walmart Connect. The Walmart International segment consists of the Company's operations outside of the U.S., as well as eCommerce and omni-channel initiatives. The Sam's Club segment includes the warehouse membership clubs in the U.S., as well as samsclub.com and omni-channel initiatives. Corporate and support consists of corporate overhead and other items not allocated to any of the Company's segments.
The Company measures the results of its segments using, among other measures, each segment's net sales and operating income, which includes certain corporate overhead allocations. From time to time, the Company revises the measurement of each segment's operating income and other measures, including any