Agent Services Matters:
Federal Trade Commission v. Walmart Inc.
, USDC, N. Dist. Of Ill, 6/28/22;
Federal Trade Commission v. Walmart Inc.
, USCCA, 7th Cir., 10/28/24.
Mexico Antitrust Matter:
Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica of México, Investigative Authority v. Nueva Wal-Mart de México, S.de R.L. de C.V. (Docket IO-002-2020, consolidated with Docket DE-026-2020), Mexico, 10/6/23.
India Antitrust Matter:
Competition Commission of India, Case No. 40 of 2019, order initiating investigation 1/13/20.
31
Table of Contents
II.  CERTAIN OTHER MATTERS:
Driver Platform Matters:
The Company has been responding to subpoenas, information requests and investigations from governmental entities regarding the independent contractor classification of drivers and payment and operational practices with respect to the Company's driver platform, as well as defending putative class and representative action civil litigation relating to driver classification and defending other civil litigation and arbitration claims in connection with the driver platform. The Company is unable to predict the outcome of the investigations by the governmental entities or the civil litigation and arbitration matters. While the Company does not currently believe that the outcome of these matters will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows, the Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
III.  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
: Item 103 of SEC Regulation S-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed an applied threshold not to exceed $1 million.
In December 2021, the Office of the Attorney General of the State of California filed suit against the Company, bringing enforcement claims regarding Walmart's management of waste consumer products at its California facilities that are alleged to be hazardous. The suit was filed in Superior Court of Alameda County, California, Case No. 21CV004367, People v. Walmart Inc. On July 15, 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the State of California pursuant to which the Company would pay $7.5 million and maintain current hazardous waste management practices and cause certain reports to be made for a period of four years. The Court approved the settlement and entered final judgment on October 24, 2024, and the settlement has been paid.
In October 2023, the Company received a Finding of Violation from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA") alleging violations of the Clean Air Act in connection with the Company's refrigeration leak detection and repair program at certain of its facilities. The Company is evaluating the