measures, however, there can be no assurance that we, or the third parties with which we interact, will not experience a cybersecurity incident in the future that will materially affect us. Additional information about cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in "
Item 1A. Risk Factors
," which should be read in conjunction with the information above.
As of January 31, 2025
(1)
, retail unit counts for Walmart U.S., Sam's Club U.S. and Walmart International are summarized as follows:
(1)
Walmart International unit counts, with the exception of Canada, are as of December 31, 2024, to correspond with the balance sheet date of the related geographic market. Canada unit counts are as of January 31, 2025.
(2)
Square feet reported in thousands.
Owned and Leased Properties
The following table provides further details of our retail units and distribution facilities, including return facilities and dedicated eCommerce fulfillment centers, as of January 31, 2025
(1)
:
(1)
Walmart International properties, with the exception of Canada, are as of December 31, 2024, to correspond with the balance sheet date of the related geographic market. Canada unit counts are as of January 31, 2025.
(2)
Includes distribution facilities which are third-party owned and operated.
We own office facilities in Bentonville, Arkansas, that serve as our principal office and own and lease office facilities throughout the U.S. and internationally for operations as well as for field and market management. The land on which our stores are located is either owned or leased by the Company. We use independent contractors to construct our buildings. All store leases provide for annual rentals, some of which escalate during the original lease or provide for additional rent based on sales volume. Substantially all of the Company's store and club leases have renewal options, some of which include rent escalation clauses. For further information on our distribution centers, see the caption "Distribution" provided for each of our segments under "
Item 1. Business
."
30
I. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:
The Company is involved in legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business, including litigation, arbitration and other claims, and investigations, inspections, subpoenas, audits, claims, inquiries and similar actions by governmental authorities.
We discuss certain legal proceedings in
Note 10
to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in "
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
," which is captioned "Contingencies," under the sub-caption "Legal Proceedings." We refer you to that discussion for important information concerning those legal proceedings, including the basis for such actions and, where known, the relief sought. We provide the following additional information concerning those legal proceedings, including the name of the lawsuit, the court in which the lawsuit is pending, and the date on which the petition commencing the lawsuit or appeal was filed, in