mature in April 2025 and April 2029, carry interest rates of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus
55
basis points, and incur commitment fees ranging between
1.5
and
4.0
basis points. In conjunction with the committed lines of credit listed in the table above, the Company has agreed to observe certain covenants, the most restrictive of which relates to the maximum amount of secured debt. Additionally, the Company has syndicated and fronted letters of credit available which totaled $
2.1
billion as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, of which $
1.5
billion and $
1.7
billion was drawn as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The Company's long-term debt, which includes the fair value instruments further discussed in
Note 8
, consists of the following as of January 31, 2025 and 2024:
(1)
The average rate represents the weighted-average stated rate for each corresponding debt category, based on year-end balances and year-end interest rates.
(2)
Includes deferred loan costs, discounts, fair value hedges, foreign-held debt and secured debt.
68
Annual maturities of long-term debt during the next five years and thereafter are as follows:
Debt Issuances
There were
no
long-term debt issuances in fiscal 2025.
Information on significant long-term debt issued during fiscal 2024, for general corporate purposes, is as follows:
These issuances are senior, unsecured notes which rank equally with all other senior, unsecured debt obligations of the Company, and are not convertible or exchangeable. These issuances do not contain any financial covenants which restrict the Company's ability to pay dividends or repurchase Company stock.
Maturities
The following tables provide details of significant long-term debt repayments during fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively:
Note 7.
Leases
The Company leases certain retail locations, distribution and fulfillment centers, warehouses, office spaces, land and equipment throughout the U.S. and internationally.
The Company's lease costs recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income consist of the following:
69
Other lease information is as follows:
The aggregate annual lease obligations at January 31, 2025, are as follows:
Note 8.
Fair Value Measurements
Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured using the fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are:
•
Level 1: observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;
•
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and
•
Level 3: unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring the Company to develop its own assumptions.
As described in
Note 1
, the Company measures the fair value of certain equity investments, including certain immaterial equity method investments where the Company has elected the fair value option, on a recurring basis within other long-term assets in the