October 28, 2024, Walmart filed a petition for interlocutory appeal with the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. The petition for interlocutory appeal was granted on November 18, 2024. The Company's appellate brief was filed on February 12, 2025.
75
The Company intends to vigorously defend these matters. However, the Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise. Accordingly, the Company can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Driver Platform Matters.
On December 23, 2024, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") filed a lawsuit against the Company and Branch Messenger, Inc. in the District of Minnesota alleging the Company violated the Consumer Financial Protection Act by allegedly requiring independent contractor drivers on the Spark platform to receive payments through a financial product offered by Branch. The CFPB seeks an injunction and unspecified restitution, damages, and civil penalties. On February 20, 2025, the Court entered an order that indefinitely stays the case and vacates all deadlines.
The Company has been responding to subpoenas, information requests and investigations from other governmental entities regarding the independent contractor classification of drivers and payment and operational practices with respect to the driver platform. The Company is also defending putative class and representative action civil litigation relating to driver classification and defending other civil litigation and arbitration claims in connection with the driver platform.
The Company intends to vigorously defend these matters. However, the Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise. Accordingly, the Company can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Mexico Antitrust Matter.
On October 6, 2023, the Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica of México ("COFECE") notified the main Mexican operating subsidiary of Wal-Mart de México, S.A.B. de C.V. ("Walmex"), a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, that COFECE's Investigatory Authority ("IA") had recommended the initiation of a quasi-judicial administrative process against Walmex's subsidiary for alleged relative monopolistic practices in connection with the supply and wholesale distribution of certain consumer goods, retail marketing practices of such consumer goods and related services. On December 12, 2024, after Walmex provided defenses, produced expert evidence and participated in a hearing, COFECE issued a split decision that Walmex's subsidiary had engaged in a single relative monopolistic practice in relation to the negotiation of
two
types of contributions with its