products and services we offer in areas such as digital advertising, marketplace and fulfillment services, health and wellness, and financial services to provide our customers a broader set of offerings to meet expanding needs.
Seasonal Aspects of Operations.
Our business is seasonal to a certain extent and varies by country due to different national and religious holidays, festivals and customs, as well as different weather patterns. Historically, our highest sales volume for each segment has occurred in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year.
Suppliers and Supply Chain.
As a retailer and warehouse club operator, we utilize a global supply chain that includes both U.S. and international suppliers from whom we purchase the merchandise that we sell in our stores, clubs and online. In many instances, we purchase merchandise from producers located near the stores and clubs in which such merchandise will be sold, particularly products in the "fresh" category. Consistent with applicable laws, we offer our suppliers the opportunity to efficiently sell significant quantities of their products to us. These relationships enable us to obtain pricing that reflects the volume, certainty and cost-effectiveness these arrangements provide to such suppliers, which in turn enables us to provide low prices to our customers. Our suppliers are subject to standards of conduct, including requirements that they comply with local labor laws, local worker safety laws and other applicable laws. Our ability to acquire from our suppliers the assortment and volume of products we wish to offer to our customers, to receive those products within the required time through our supply chain and to distribute those products to our stores and clubs, determines, along with other supply chain logistics matters (such as containers or port access for example), in part, our in-stock levels in our stores and clubs and the attractiveness of our merchandise assortment we offer to our customers and members.
Intellectual Property.
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success, and with respect to our associates, customers and others, we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We have registered, or applied for the registration of, a number of U.S. and international domain names, trademarks, service marks and copyrights. Additionally, we have filed U.S. and international patent applications covering certain of our proprietary technology. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights to third parties.
Government Regulation.
As a company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and the rules and