mobile Scan & Go and access to additional member benefits. The following table provides the approximate size of our retail stores as of January 31, 2025:
(1)
Excludes other small formats.
Merchandise and Other Offerings.
Walmart U.S. does business primarily in three strategic merchandise units, listed below:
•
Grocery consists of a full line of grocery items, including dry grocery, snacks, dairy, meat, produce, deli and bakery, frozen foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, as well as consumables such as health and beauty aids, pet supplies, household chemicals, paper goods and baby products;
•
General merchandise includes:
◦
Entertainment (e.g., electronics, toys, seasonal merchandise, wireless, video games, movies, music and books);
◦
Hardlines (e.g., automotive, hardware and paint, sporting goods, outdoor living and stationery);
◦
Fashion (e.g., apparel for adults and children, as well as shoes, jewelry and accessories); and
◦
Home (e.g., housewares and small appliances, bed and bath, furniture and home organization, home furnishings, home decor, fabrics and crafts).
•
Health and wellness includes pharmacy, over-the-counter drugs and other medical products, and optical services.
Periodically, revisions are made to the categorization of the components comprising our strategic merchandise units. When revisions are made, the previous periods' presentation is adjusted to maintain comparability.
Brand name merchandise represents a significant portion of the merchandise sold in Walmart U.S. We also market lines of merchandise under our private brands, including brands such as: "Allswell," "Athletic Works," "bettergoods," "Equate," "Free Assembly," "Freshness Guaranteed," "George," "Great Value," "Holiday Time," "Hyper Tough," "Mainstays," "Marketside," "No Boundaries," "onn.," "Ozark Trail," "Parent's Choice," "Sam's Choice," "Scoop," "Spring Valley," "Time and Tru," "Way to Celebrate" and "Wonder Nation." The Company also markets lines of merchandise under licensed brands, some of which include: "Avia," "Better Homes & Gardens," "Sofia Jeans by Sofia Vergara," and "The Pioneer Woman."
Other offerings in the Walmart U.S. business include in-house advertising for brands and online marketplace sellers, supply chain and fulfillment capabilities to online marketplace sellers, and data analytics and insights for merchants and suppliers.
Additional offerings include fuel, financial services and related products such as money orders, prepaid access, money transfers, check cashing, bill payment and certain types of installment lending.
Distribution.
We continue to invest in supply chain automation and utilize a total of 164 distribution facilities which are located strategically throughout the U.S. For fiscal 2025, the majority of Walmart U.S.'s purchases of store merchandise were shipped through these facilities, while most of the remaining store merchandise we purchased was shipped directly from suppliers. General merchandise and dry grocery