acquisitions until owned for 12 months. Throughout our discussion, we refer to the results of this calculation as the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. Volatility in currency exchange rates may impact the results, including net sales and operating income, of the Company and the Walmart International segment in the future.
Each of our segments contributes to the Company's operating results differently. Each, however, has generally maintained a relatively consistent contribution rate to the Company's net sales and operating income in recent years other than minor changes to the contribution rate for the Walmart International segment due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
We operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as eCommerce businesses, and companies that offer services in digital advertising, fulfillment and delivery services, health and wellness, and financial services. Many of these competitors are national, regional or international chains or have a national or international omni-channel or eCommerce presence. We compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality employees ("associates"). We, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather and other risks related to climate change, global health epidemics, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, disruptions in supply chain and inventory management, cost and availability of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, deflation, inflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor availability and costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment.
Further information on the factors that can affect our operating results and on certain risks to our Company and an investment in our securities can be found herein under "
Item 5. Other Information
."
19
Table of Contents
We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to inflationary trends, a challenging macro environment, geopolitical conditions, supply chain disruptions, volatility in employment trends and consumer confidence. For a detailed discussion on results of operations by reportable segment, refer to "
Results of Operations
" below.
Company Performance Metrics
We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. At times, we adjust our business strategies to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate. We define our financial priorities as follows:
•
Growth - serve customers through a