sells similar individual products and services in each of its segments. It is impractical to segregate and identify revenues for each of these individual products and services.
The Walmart U.S. segment includes the Company's mass merchandising concept in the U.S., as well as eCommerce, which includes omni-channel initiatives and certain other business offerings such as advertising services. The Walmart International segment consists of the Company's operations outside of the U.S., as well as eCommerce and omni-channel initiatives. The Sam's Club U.S. segment includes the warehouse membership clubs in the U.S., as well as samsclub.com and omni-channel initiatives. Corporate and support consists of corporate overhead and other items not allocated to any of the Company's segments.
77
The Company measures the profit or loss of its segments using operating income. The CODM uses operating income to allocate resources across the reportable segments as part of the Company's long-range and annual planning processes, and to evaluate planned versus actual results when assessing segment operating performance. From time to time, the Company may revise the measurement of each segment's operating income, including any corporate overhead allocations, and presentation of significant segment expenses, as determined by the information regularly reviewed by its CODM. The operating results of each reportable segment, including the mix of cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, are not directly comparable due to differences in business model, format and channel mix. Additionally, the operating results of each reportable segment may not be comparable to those of other retailers, as discussed in
Note 1
.
Information for the Company's segments, as well as for Corporate and support, including the reconciliation to income before income taxes, is provided as follows:
(1)
Total fuel-related expenses for Sam's Club U.S. were $
9.9
billion, $
10.6
billion, and $
12.1
billion in fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023 respectively.
(2)
Includes other income from corporate campus facilities.
78
Total assets, depreciation and amortization, and capital expenditures for the Company's segments, as well as for Corporate and support, are as follows:
Total revenues and long-lived assets, consisting primarily of net property and equipment and lease right-of-use assets, aggregated by the Company's U.S. and non-U.S. operations, are as follows:
No individual country outside of the U.S. had total revenues or long-lived assets that were material to the consolidated totals. Additionally, the Company did not generate material revenues from any single customer.
Disaggregated Revenues
In the following tables, segment net sales are disaggregated by either merchandise category or market. In addition, net sales related to eCommerce are provided for each segment. Net sales related to eCommerce include omni-channel sales where a customer initiates an order