complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that the Company unlawfully dispensed controlled substances from its pharmacies and unlawfully distributed controlled substances to those pharmacies. The complaint alleges that this conduct resulted in violations of the Controlled Substances Act. The DOJ is seeking civil penalties and injunctive relief. On March 11, 2024, the Court granted in-part Walmart's motion to dismiss by dismissing the entirety of the DOJ's claims related to distribution and dismissing the DOJ's claims arising under one of the DOJ's two dispensing liability theories. The DOJ's claims arising under its other dispensing liability theory remain pending. Trial is scheduled for November 2027.
Opioid-Related Securities Class Actions and Derivative Litigation.
The Company is the subject of
two
securities class actions alleging violations of the federal securities laws regarding the Company's disclosures with respect to opioids purportedly on behalf of a class of investors who acquired Walmart stock from March 31, 2017 through December 22, 2020. Those actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware in 2021 and later consolidated. On April 8, 2024, the Court granted the Company's motion to dismiss these actions. On April 29, 2024, the plaintiffs appealed to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, where the matter remains pending.
Three
shareholders of the Company filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery alleging that certain current and former directors and officers breached their fiduciary duties by failing to adequately oversee the Company's distribution and dispensing of prescription opioids. This action is
Ontario Provincial Council of Carpenters' Pension Trust Fund, et al. v. Walton, et al.
, Delaware Court of Chancery, Case No. 2021-0827-JTL ("Ontario Action"). Other shareholders of the Company filed
two
derivative actions alleging that certain current and former directors and officers breached fiduciary duties and violated federal securities laws in connection with the Company's distribution and dispensing of prescription opioids. These actions are
Abt v. Alvarez, et al.
, U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, Case No. 21-cv-00172-CFC and
Nguyen v. McMillon, et al.
, U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, Case No. 21-cv-00551-CFC (collectively with the Ontario Action, the "Derivative Actions"). On May 5, 2023, the Walmart Board of Directors adopted resolutions creating a special litigation committee ("SLC") to investigate, review, and analyze the facts and circumstances surrounding the claims and allegations in the Derivative Actions and determine whether the prosecution of such claims is in Walmart's best interest.
On October 18, 2024, the Company announced that the parties to the Ontario Action and the SLC entered into a settlement agreement, subject to court approval, that would resolve the Derivative Actions and release other