equivalents of approximately $
3.3
billion and $
3.5
billion, respectively, may not be freely transferable to the U.S. due to local laws, other restrictions or are subject to the approval of the noncontrolling interest shareholders.
58
Receivables
Receivables are stated at their carrying values, net of a reserve for credit losses, and are primarily due from the following: customers, which includes pharmacy insurance companies, advertisers, and banks for customer credit, debit cards and electronic transfer transactions that take in excess of seven days to process; suppliers for marketing or incentive programs; governments for income taxes; and real estate transactions.
Net receivables from transactions with customers were $
4.4
billion and $
3.7
billion as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.
Inventories
The Company utilizes various inventory methods to account for and value its inventories depending upon the nature of the store formats and businesses in each of its segments, resulting in inventories that are recorded at the lower of cost or market or net realizable value, as appropriate.
•
Walmart U.S. Segment - Inventories are primarily accounted for under the retail inventory method of accounting ("RIM") to determine inventory cost, using the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") valuation method. RIM generally results in inventory being valued at the lower of cost or market as permanent markdowns are immediately recorded as a reduction of the retail value of inventory.
•
Walmart International Segment – Depending on the store format in each market, inventories are generally accounted for using either the RIM or weighted-average cost method, using the first-in, first-out valuation method.
•
Sam's Club U.S. Segment - The majority of this segment's inventory is accounted for and valued using the weighted-average cost LIFO method.
For those segments that utilize the LIFO method, the Company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect of inflation or deflation. These estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year end for inflation or deflation and inventory levels.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are initially recorded at cost. Gains or losses on disposition are recognized as earned or incurred. Costs of major improvements are capitalized, while costs of normal repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred
.
The following table summarizes the Company's property and equipment balances and includes the estimated useful lives that are generally used to depreciate the assets on a straight-line basis:
Leasehold improvements are depreciated or amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining expected lease term.
Total depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment, property under finance leases and intangible assets for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $
13.0
billion, $
11.9
billion and $
10.9
billion, respectively.
Leases
For