We may be subject to penalties and other consequences for noncompliance, including being required to change some portions of our business. Even an unsuccessful challenge by customer or regulatory authorities of our activities could result in adverse publicity, impact our reputation and could require a costly response from and defense by us.
The impact of new laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations, as well as changes in enforcement practices or regulatory scrutiny as to existing laws and regulations (including, but not limited to, in the U.S., shifting enforcement priorities for existing antitrust, competition and pricing laws, use and disposal of plastics, recycled plastics or other packaging materials, ESG, consumer protection and AI technology, as well as proposed new rules and regulations) generally cannot be predicted, and changes in applicable laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices of existing laws and regulations may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs, require significant capital expenditures, adversely impact the cost or attractiveness of the products or services we offer, or result in adverse publicity and harm our reputation. If we fail to predict or respond adequately to changes, including by implementing strategic and operational initiatives, or do not respond as effectively as our competitors, our business, operations and financial performance may be adversely affected.
We acquired VIZIO Holding Corp. and its subsidiaries (collectively "VIZIO") in December 2024. As part of its business, VIZIO collects certain consumer data, including viewing data from its opted-in internet-connected televisions. In 2017, VIZIO stipulated to the entry of a judgment in federal district court with the Federal Trade Commission and the New Jersey Attorney General to settle alleged violations related to certain of its business practices (the "VIZIO Order"). The VIZIO Order remains in effect until 2037 and requires VIZIO to comply with specified obligations related to its collection and use of certain information collected from a VIZIO internet-connected device. These requirements apply to certain VIZIO entities and all other persons in active concert or participation with them. Our ownership of VIZIO and these compliance obligations are new, and if we fail to adequately design or implement controls for these matters, we may face additional regulatory action, penalties or monetary fines, any of which could have a substantial negative impact on our business, operations and financial performance.
In addition, we may face audits or investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The regulatory, political and media scrutiny we face, which may continue, amplifies these risks. To the extent a regulator or court disagrees with our interpretation of these